THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 9.

THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From October the 10th 1667,

In the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of

King CHARLES the Second,

TO

April the 28th 1687,

In the Third Year of the Reign of

King JAMES the Second.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Message to attend the King.

Address on the King s Speech.

Rochester

Writ.

Rye Writ,

Maidstone Writ.

Great

Grimsby

Writ.

Die Jervis, 10* Oc1667*

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir John

Eytai, Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty commands this honourable House

to attend him forthwith in his House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker with the House went

up to attend his Majesty.

Resolved, &c. That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for the Acts of Grace, relative to his Majesty’s Speech, and to the Speech delivered by the Lord Keeper; and that a Committee be appointed to consider of the Speeches, and draw up an Address of Thanks to his Majesty; viz. Sir Thomas , Sir

Thomas Clerges, Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert Carr, Sir JVm.

Lewis, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Thomas Osborne, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir John Holland, Colonel Williams, Sir Job Charlton, Mr.

Sir Thomas Strickland, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir m. Lowther, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John,

Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Trevor, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Lord Saint John, Mr. Crouch: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess for the Town of Shoreham in the County of Sussex, in the room of Dr. Quarterman, deceased.

Shoreham

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Monmouth to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt the Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Monmouth, in the room of the Lord Herbert, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Carmarthen to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt-the Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Carmarthen, in the room of the Lord Vaughan, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Shaftbury to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for " m-for the Election of a Member for the Borough of Shaftbury in the County of Dorset, in the room of Sir John Loice, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Litehfeild to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ ^Vnt-for the Election of a Member for the City of Litehfeild in the County of Stafford, in the room of Colonel Lane, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member for the City of Rochester in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir JVm. Batten, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Baron for the Cinque Port of Rye in the County of Sussex, in the room of Mr. Herbert Morley, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker to issue out his Warrant to the Q- 'kof the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Elc--- of a Member for the Town of Maidstone in

Ke/n, in the room of Sir Edmond Peirce, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for the Election of a Member for Great Grimsby in the County of Lincolne, in the room of Sir Henry Bellasis, deceased.

Vox,. IX.

And then the House adjourned till Monday next, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 14° Octobris, 19° Car. 2di.

Prayers.

A BILL to prevent Abuses and Extortion of Wood- Woodmonger mongers, Inn-holders, and others, was read the . "n.d,

Inn-holder*.

hirst time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent Abuses in procuring Writs of Certiorari, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time, on Thursday next.

Writs of Certiorari.

A Bill to prevent the sending and carrying of Chal- Preventing lenges, and fighting of Duels, was read. Duel*.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time, on Saturday next.

A Ordered,

3

14° Octobris. A. 7.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion

Committees, do meet and sit in the House every Monday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do meet and sit in the House every Wednesday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do meet and sit in the House every Friday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Elections and Privi-

ofPrivileges. jeges appointed of the Members following;

Sir Job Charlton, Colonel Reames, Sir Berkley,

Mr Graham, Mr. WestfalingSir Robert Cair, Sir Robert

Atkins, Mr. Pryn, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Robert Barn-ham, Sir Win. Lowther, Lord Sir Gilbert

Talbott, Sir John Royle, Sir Wm. Gaudy, Sir Coventry, Mr. Boscoxcen, Sir Tho. Gower, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Doxcdswell, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir

Richard Browne, Mr. DMr. Norden, Mr. Mil-ward, Col. Phillipps, Col. tVindham, Col. Williams, Sir Richard Oateley, Sir Sollo. Sxcayle, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Lord Richardson, Sir Lcwys, Sir Geo. Moreton, Sir John Sir

Sir James Herbert, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Strickland, Lord Rosse, Sir William Doyley, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Morrice, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir John Harrison, Sir Tho. Osborne, Sir Robert Col. Sandys, Mr. Hyde, Col. Kirkby, Sir Wray,

Sir Wm.Terringham, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Collins, Sir Tho.

Lee, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Geo. Stonehouse, Sir John Fagg Sir John Rouse, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Knight, Sir Edm. Poole, Sir John Bonnet, Dr. Burnell,

Sir Allen Apsley, Sir John Mr. Wren, Sir

Hickman, Sir Richard Lord Cavendish, Mr.

Waller, Sir Geo. Probert, Mr. Cheyney, Mr. Ford, Sir John Holland, Sir John Napper, Mr. Glascock, Sir Wm. Killigrew, Sir Geo. Donmeing, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Tregonnell, Sir Timothy Tirrell, Mr. Bulsteed, Mr Serj. Seys, Mr. Weld, Mr. Pleydall, Serj. Maynard, Col. Birch, Sir John Bram Sir John Moreton, Mr.

Wm. Sandys, Lord St. John, Col. King, Sir Broderick, Col. Popham, Col. Russell, Sir Tho. Whitmore,

Mr. Lang home, Sir Hen. Wood, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Finch, Sir Humph. Bennet, Sir John Denham, Sir Edm. Bozcyer, Col. Robinson, Sir Smith, Mr. Chichley,

Sir Hugh Windham, Col. Seymore, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Henry Casar, Sir LancellottLake, Sir Lord Fanshaxce, Col . Progers, Maj. Wm. Walden, Sir Wm. Morrice, Sir IVm. Port man, Sir Geo. Howe, Sir Jordan Croslaud, Mr. Owen, Mr. Jones, Mr. Greenvile,

Mr. Rigby, Sir Henry Herbert, Col. Robert Phillipps, Lord Vaughan, Sit Walter Strickland, Sir Phill. War-xcick, Mr. CotFerrer, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Seymer, Sir Walter St. John, Sir Edzcard Hungerford, Lord Buck-hurst, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Geo. Courtopp, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Thomas Mcers, Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. Ashburnham, Col. Eyres, Sir Nich. Carey,

Mr. Coventry, Sir Edm. Wilpoole. Dr. Arris, Col. Edw. Phillips, Mr. Noell, Col. Tint, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Gold, Col. Strangewayes, Mr. Maynard, Mr.

Sir Ja. Thynn, Sir Fra.Clarke, Sir John Dmoney, Mr. Bronckard, Sir Tho. Peyton, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Wm. Thompson.

Resolved, &c. That this Committee do meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber; and every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, at Two of the Clock, in the Place before-mentioned; and to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place; and report their Proceedings to the House: And all Persons that will

question double Returns, already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days, after a new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions; and to send for Witnesses, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and to report any Matter which concern Breach of Privilege: And all Members that are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question for the Return of that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return or Matter of Privilege of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw from the Committee, during the Time the Matter which concerns himself is in Debate.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to con- Exportation sider the Matter debated, touching Exportation of Horses 0 orses* into Foreign Parts; or any thing else, which may relate to the strengthening of the Nation, in case of an Invasion; viz. Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Weld, Sir Hen.

Coventry, Sir Tho. Osborne, Sir Wm Mr. Trever, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Tho. Lee, Lord John, Mr.

Pryn, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Sir John Brampston, Sir Wm.

Lordlier, Mr. Comptroller, Sir JVm.Thompson, Sir Walter Young, Sir Edward Massey, Sir Robert Harvard, Sir Coventry, Sir Geo. Downing, Col. Reames, Mr. Wm.

Sandys, Sir Edm. Windham, Col. Fra. Windham, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Goodrich, Mr.

Whonvood, Sir George Reeves, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr.

Geo.Clarke, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. Sir Edm.

Pooley, Sir Solloman Sxcayle, Mr. Jones Sir Tho.Tompkins,

Sir Tho. Higgins, Sir IVm. Doyley, Dr. Sir John

Ijoxvther, Serj. Maynard, Lord Richardson, Sir Richard Ford, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Hungerford. Sir John

Knight, Mr. Nor den, Sir John Duncomb, Mr.

Sir Robert Atkins: And all the Members that come, are to have Voices; and they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

Sir W in Lowther reports from the Committee ap- Address o* pointed to draw up . Address of Thanks, to be pre- the King’* sented to his Majesty, the Draught of the said Address: sPeecl)* Which, being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as followeth; viz.

WE Your Majesty’s loyal and faithful Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration Your Majesty s gracious Speech; wherein You were pleased to let us know, that Your Majesty thought fit to prorogue the Parliament till the Tenth of this October, that You might give Yourself Time to do something that would not be unwelcome; but a Foundation for a great Confidence, for the future, between Your Majesty and Your People; w e find ourselves bound in Duty to return Your Majesty our humble and hearty Thanks, for Your gracious Declaration in Your Royal Intentions, in That Your Majesty’s gracious Speech, and That delivered, by Your Majesty's Command, by the Lord Keeper: And particularly, that Your Majesty hath been pleased to disband the late raised Forces; and to dismiss the Papists from out of the Guards, and other military Employments: For Your Majesty's Care in quickening the Execution of the Act for restraining the Importation of Irish Cattle; For causing the Canary Patent to be surrendered and vacated: And more especially, that Your Majesty hath been pleased to displace the late Lord Chancellor, and remove him from the Exercise of publick Trust and Employment, in Mfairs of State.

For all which Acts, Grace, and publick benefits,

We Your said Commons do beseech Sacred

Majesty to accept of these our most humble/6nd hearty Thanks. V

i9 Car. II.

r4° — 15"

3

'atioi,

ses.

Resolved, See. That the Lords Concurrence be desired

in this Address to his Majesty: And Sir Tho. Littleton is to carry it up to the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

find most necessary to be past; and to consider what temporary Bills are necessary to be renewed and continued: And also, to prepare and bring in a Bill for taking the Account of the Monies received for the indigent loyal Officers.

Writs of Deduniis Potestatem.

Recovering Tv thes,

Martis, 15° Octobris, 19* Car. 2dl.

Praters.

Y\RDERED That the several Knights of the Shires, " who are in Town, and the Members that serve for such Counties where there are no Knights, do take care for sending down the Writs of Dedimus , for

taking the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, to the Sheriffs of the several Counties, with Directions to see the Writs executed; and, if they find it necessary to have Commissioners added or altered, to attend the Lord Keeper: Who is desired to give Direction for issuing new Writs, for such Places as he shall find necessary: And that the several Members do give an Account to this House, of the Delivery and Execution of the said Writs.

e

A Petition of several Ministers of Wiltshire and Gloucestershire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to Mr. Hun-

A Petition of Hugh Ozcen Esquire, was read. Owen’s

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Com- Petition, mittee of Elections; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Committee of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; viz. Lord Privileges. Vaughan, Sir Jonathan Trelazcncy, Sir Richard Edgcombe,

Sir Franc. Laze ley, Mr. ColUngzcood, Mr. Lucy, Sir Tho. Whitmore, Sir Edzo. Seymer, Sir Mr.

Scudamore, Sir John Coriton, Sir Goodrich, Mr.

Greenvile, Mr. Robert Brooks, Sir Richard Temple,

Sir John Pelham, Sir Win.Windham, Mr. Weld, Lord Hazvley, Mr. Trelazoncy, Sir CecillSir Ralph Bancks, Sir Wm. Heyzcard, Sir Richard Browne.

Inn-holders.

A Bill to prevent Abuses and Extortions of Wood- Woodmongers mongers, and other, was read the Second time. an<*

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill be committed to Ser-

jeant Maynard, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Edin. Wyndham, Sir

Harvey’s

Petition.

Prisoners

Pallet;

Assigning

Exchequer

Debts.

Publick

Accounts.

gerford, Mr Crouch, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Higgins Mr. Sir Robert

Mr Prynn, Sir John Heath, Sir Walter Young, Sir Court- Sir Poole, Sir

n> c- t W. Barnham, Sir John Moreton, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir

Richard Braham, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Sollo. Swale, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Sir Job Charlton, Sir

Lancelot Lake, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Jonathan Sir Coventry, Mr. ITaller, Sir Mr.

Scazven, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Hugh Sir

Walpoole, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Sir Rich.

Carey, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir and

all the Members that serve for the Counties of Esse.r, Surrey, Kent, Middlesex, and: And all that

come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber; and to send for the Patent of the Wood-mongers; and to consider of the Laws in Force against them; and to provide for the effectual putting of them in Execution; and to prevent Frauds Bill for assigning Debts in the Exchequer was and Combinations, in extorting of extraordinary Prices

ney Poole, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir John Knight, Dr. Burwell, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Boscozoen; or any Three of them; to consider of the Matter of the Petition; and to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Relief.

A Petition of Michaell Harvey Esquire, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

A Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill be read a Second time, on this Day Sevennight.

read.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of the Bill formerly depending, concerning the publick Accounts; and to prepare and bring in a Bill for the effectual taking and examining of the Accounts of the Monies received and disbursed, upon the publick Account; viz. Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Mr.

for Coal, Wood, and Fewel.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Privilege — of the Matter of Privilege, and Freedom of Speech, in Freedom of Parliament; and of the Casein the King's Bench, in sPeecl1-.5° Car.; and the Information there brought for Words spoken; and the Demurrer to the Jurisdiction of the Court; and how the Law and Report is in that Particular; as also, a Charge against the Judges, and the

Boscowen, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Sollo. Swale, Sir IVm. Low- Proceeding of the House of Lords, and this House,

ther, Sir Walter St. John, Mr. Garrazray, Col. Strang zvayes, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Edward Boscawen, Sir Tho. Clifford, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Geo. Sir

upon that Occasion; and also of the Act made in this present Parliament, concerning the Matter aforesaid; and report their Opinions to the House; Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Goodrick, Mr. Huiigerford, Sir John Heath, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Gozver, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Waller, Sir Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Mallet, Sir Herbord, Sir John Sir Tho. Lee, Mr.

Temple, Sir John Lozetker, Sir Sam. Sandys, Sir Ja.Thynn, fen, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Tho. Strickland; or any Three Sir Cha.Harbord, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Spry, Sir Tho. of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three

Osborne, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Higgins: And they of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Speaker's Chani-

1 are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the ber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

' Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Walter Young, Sir Edzo. Seymer, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Hen. Wood, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Holmes, Col. Birch, Sir Tho\ Littleton, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Pleydall, Sir Humph.Winch, Mr. Pryn, Sir Richard

I Expiring |u«.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Walter Young, Sir Wm. Leroys, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Birkinhead, Sir

Message from the Lords, by Sir Nath. Hobert and Address on Mr. Prias’® Mr. Speaker, The Lords do concur with the House peec of Commons, in the Address of Thanks to his Majesty;

Thomas Clergis, Sir Thomas Gower, Mr. Herbert, Sir and will go with this House in a Body to attend his John Knight, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Littleton", or Majesty therewith; and that they have sent to his any Three of them; to consider of the Bills formerly Majesty, to know at what Time and Place they may brought in, and not passed; and to bring in such a* they wait upon him.

Vol.IX. A Bill

Retailers of Wine, &c.

King appoints to be attended.

Committees.

Adjourn-

ment.

Observation of Sunday.

Preventing Growth of Popery.

Dispatch of public k Business.

Restraints on Juries.

15° — 16* — 170 Octobris.

A. 1667.

A Bill to punish Frauds and Abuses of Retailers of Wine, Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, was read the First time.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Pryn, Sir Edmond Walpoole, Colonel Birch, Mr. Spry, Mr. Trever,

Sir Tho. Meers, Sir Robert A, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Boscmen; or any Three of them; to prepare and

bring in a Bill for settling the Measures and Prices of Wine, Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and also Measures of Grain; and to inspect the former Laws for that Purpose.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Nath. Hobard and Mr. Proctor',

Mr. Speaker, His Majesty hath appointed to be attended by both Houses this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, at Whitehall.

Resolved, See. That all Committees, appointed to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THIS House, being met, in order to their attending upon his Majesty this Afternoon, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight of the Clock.

rice, Serj. *, Dr. Burrell, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Edward Thurland: And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber; to examine and consider of the Matters aforesaid; and to report the same, with their Opinions, to the House: And they have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Committee the Committee of Elections and Privileges; Mr. of Privileges. Hatton, Sir Phil. Howard, Sir Hen. Fran. Lee, Mr.

Geo. Lowe, Mr. Lovelace, Mr. Samuell junior,

Sir Wm. Stanley, Lord Morpeth, Colonel Legg.

Mr. Speaker reports, That both Houses had Yester- A"*wer t(> day attended his Majesty; and that his Majesty, after A eS3‘ the Address of Thanks was read, was pleased to deliver himself to this Effect following; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I thank you for your Thanks. I am glad the Things I have done, have given you so good Satisfaction. And, for the Earl of Clarendon, I assure you, I will never employ him again in any publick Affairs whatsoever.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A

Mercurii, 16° Octobris, 1667* Prayers.

BILL for the better Observations of the Lord’s Day was read.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on this Day Fortnight.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to consider, what doth obstruct the Proceedings of the publick Business of the House; and what the ancient Use and Practice of the House hath been, for the Dispatch of publick Business; and report the Matter of their Opinion; and what they think fit to be done for Redress of Delay in publick Business; viz. Mr. Vaughan, Sir . Ckrgis, Sir Wm. Lowtlier, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm.

Lewis, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Sollo. Szvale, Mr. Boscazven, Sir John Knight, Sir poole, Serj. Maynard, Sir John Heulh, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Prynn, Mr. Waller, Mr. Dozbdszvell, Mr. Trever, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Comptroller, Serj. Charlton, Dr. Burrell, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edw. Thurland, Sir Cha. Iiarbord, Sir Tho.Lee; or any Three of them: And

they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that there have been some Innovations of late in Trials of Men for their Lives and Deaths; and in some particular Cases, Re* straints have been put upon Juries, in the Inquiries;

Resolved, See. That it be referred to Mr.

Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Sollo. Swale, Sir John Mr. Rigby, Mr. Stanley, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Waller, Sir John Norton, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Fra. Goodrick, Sir Tho. Osborne, Sir Wm. Windham, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Waller, Lord St. John, Sir Walter Long, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Scawen, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Edward Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. King, Mr. Boscmen, Sir Walter Young, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir m. Lewis, Lord Vaughan, Mr. Prynn, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Secretary Mor-

Jovis, 17° die Octobris, 1667.

Prayers.

A BILL to settle the Glebe Land belonging to the East

Rector of East Rainham, was read the First time. Rainham Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time, on Rect0I7-Monday next

A Bill to enable the Lord Bishop of Durefme to lease Bishop of out the Lead Mines in the County of Derby, for Three Duresme Lives, was read the First time. Leasing.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time, on Monday next.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Charles Harbord, Timber.

Sir Wm. Harbord, Sir Edward Walpoole, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Sollo. Swale, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Bainham Ihrochnorton; or any Three of them; to bring in a Bill for Supply of Timber.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Miscarriage of Affairs in the late War; 0 1 e 41' Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Edward Walpoole, Sir Sollo. Swale, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Marvell, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Col. Reames, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Robert Brookes,

Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Osborne, Sir

Courtney Poole, Mr. Boscawen, Col. Hollis, Col. Phil/ipps,

Sir Wm. Goddolphin, Sir Hums.Winch, Mr. Mr.

Pryn, Sir John Talbott, Sir JVm. Terringham, Sir Hen.

Ccesar, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Edward Boscmen, Sir Wm. Lozvther, Sir John Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Morrice, Sir John Heath, Sir Windham, Sir Nick. Carey, Sir IV. Hickman, Sir Tho.

Higgons, Col. Kirkby, Mr. Seymer, Mr. Plcydcll, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Doy/ey, Sir Ja. Smith, Mr. Hen. Williams, Sir Birkenhead, Sir Tho. Gozvcr, Sir Wm. Windham, Sir Walter Smithson,

Sir Franc. Goodrick, Sir Edw. HarSir Meres: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Saturday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Star Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to inquire Dunkirke. into the Reasons of the Sale of Dunk; and whether any Money were paid into the Hands any private Person; viz. Sir Robert Howard, Sir j BoynhThrockmorton, Mr.

/ Solicitor

19 Car. II. 170 — 190 — a 1 . 5

Solicitor General, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Coventry, Sir Phillip Sir Down-

Crouch, Sir Hump. Winch, Sir Thomas Osborne, Sir Mr. Jones, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Doyley, Mr. Robert Brookes, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir IVm.Terringham, Walgrave, Mr. Jones, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Marvell, Sir John Goodrick, Mr. Hambden, Mr. Prynn, Colonel Kirby, Sir Sollo. Sir Richard Oat ley, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Geo. Probert, Swale, Sir Francis Clerke, Colonel lieatnes, Sir Job Lord St. John, Mr. King, Mr. Roll, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Charlton, Sir John Heath, Sir Hen. Coventry, Sir Tho. Mr. Seymer, Sir Sollo. Swale, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Clergis, Lord Newburgh, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Theo. Littleton, Mr. Hen. Williams, Lord Richardson, Sir John Mr. Crouch, Sir John Frederick, Sir Fr.

Moreton, Sir Edward Harlow, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Tho. rick, Sir Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Hugh

Clergis, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Fr. Goodrick, Co\. Reames, Boscawen, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Lord Mr.

Sir John Heath, Sir Wm.Gawdy, Sir Nich. Carey, Sir Comptroller, Sir John Holland, and all the Merchants,

Geo. Reece, Col. Egerton, Serj. Seys, Mr. Hungerford: Members of this House; or any Five of them: And

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to they are to meet on Monday next at Two of the Clock meet on this Day Sevennight at Two of the Clock in in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Writs of A Bill to prevent Abuses in procuring of Writs of

Certiorari. Certiorari, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Solicitor General, Serj. Seys, Sir John Heath, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Sir Tho. Allen, Sir

Edward Thurland, SirTho.Clergis, Mr. Seymer, Sir Young, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Prynn, Sir Lane Lake, Mr. Pepis, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir Fr. Goodrick, Mr.

Sir Sollo. Swale, Sir John Brampston, Sir Harbord,

Mr. Boscawen, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Morrice, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committee of Ordered, That these Members following be added to Privileges, the Committee of Elections and Privileges; viz. Sir Stephen Fox, Mr. Hobby, Sir John Sir Tho.

Carav, Mr Orme, Sir Humph. Winch, Sir Humph. Hooke, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Marmaduke Darcy, Sir Wm. f plan, Mr. John Wynn, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Tho.

Massey, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Price, Mr. Geo. Taunt, Sir John War.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 19* Octobris, 19* Car. 2di.

Prayers.

J-e Thefts and /j RD E RED, That it be referred to Mr. Crouch, Jr‘ Robb<nes' Colonel Saudis, Sir John Knight, Mr.

Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho.Littleton, Sir Cha. Harbord, Colonel Birch, Lord Richardson, or any Three of them; to consider of the former Laws, and such Propositions as shall be tendered; and propose what they shall think fit to be done for guarding and securing the Countries and Highways against Thieves and Robbers; and, in particular, consider of the Law touching their Transportation.

Privilege. — Ordered, That the Quorum of the Committee con-

Liberty of ceming Liberty of Speeches in Parliament be Three;

Sp'ectl- and that the Order be mended accordingly.

Committee of Ordered, That these Members following be added to

Privilege*. Committee of Elections and Privileges; Mr. Lewis Palmer, Lord Mandevile, Sir Richard Sir Charles Cottrell, Sir Tho. Mr. Price, Sir

Rich. Lee, Sir Hen. Capill, Major General Edgerton, Mr. Trever, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Herbert Price, Mr. Samuel Rolls, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Mr. Hunger-ford, Sir John Packington, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Richard Powell, Sir Hen. Herbert.

0

Trade with Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to con-

Scotland, aider of a Way for Settling and Balancing of the Trade between England and Scotland; viz. Sir John Knight, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Phill. Warwick, Colonel Birch, Mr. Tho. Gower, Mr. Jolly, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Edm. Wyndham, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Birkenhead, Sir

Vol. IX.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do send to Sir Edward Charge* Spragg, and Captain Cox, to attend this House on asa,"f Monday Morning next; and that he cause Notice to be ^lr W‘ eim" given, or left, at the Lodging of Sir William Penn, to attend the House at the same time.

And then adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 21’ Octobris, 19° Car. 2di.

Prayers.

A BILL for settling certain Glebe Lands in Norfolke, East

on the Rector of Randham, read the Second time. J‘andban» Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir John ector^ Holland, Lord Richardson, Sir Wm. Doyly, Mr.

Jord, Sir Wm.Lewis, Sir Edward Walpoole, Sir Tho.

Goit er, Sir Edmond Windham, Sir Sollo. Suale, Sir Eduard Massey, Mr. Crouch, Sir Bainham Throckmorton,

Sir John Coriton, Sir James Thyn, Sir Hugh Windham,

Col. Kirby, Sir Ralph. Hare, Sir Win. Gaudy. Sir Wm.

Fleetwood, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Clifford Clifton, Col. Reames, Sir Jo Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir GilbertTuibott, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Mo"tton, Sir Gilbert Sir Allen

Apsley, and all the Members that serve lor the County of Norfolk: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Ministers recovering their Tithes, was read. Recovering Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time, fylbes* on Thursday next.

A Bill to prevent Duels, was read the Second time. Preventing Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Colonel t>uel». Sandys, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Henry Coventry, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir Wm. Lowther,

Sir Allen Apsley, Col. Legg, Sir Nich. Sianing, Col.

Reames, Sir John Bennett, Sir Jo. Smith, Sir Geo. Reeves,

Sir John Brampston, Sir Lane.Lake, Sir Lowther,

Mr. Pryn. Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir John Moreton, Sir John Talbott, Sir Sollo. Swale, Lord Torrington, Sir Edw. Massey, Col. Strode, Lord Buckhurst, Sir jyindhum, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Charles Harbord, Lord ley Lord Fitzharding, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Wm.

Smith, Sir William Doyley, Sit John Bennett, Sir Cope, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Sir Edward Walpoole, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir Edm.Windham, Sir Thynn, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir Lee, Sir Wm.

Herbert, Mr. Brunckard, Sir Wm. Coventry: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then entered into Debate of the Matter of Miscwring* Miscarringes in the late War; and, in particular, of of tb* ^*r disobeying the Orders of his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke, for Pursuit of the Victory obtained by his Highness, in the First Engagement against the Dutch

B And

21° — 22° — 23° Octobris.

A. 1667.

And several Witnesses were called in; and examined at the Bar: Who, in their Evidence, reflecting on a Member of this House; and he, in his Place, having made his Defence; and being withdrawn; and the Matter, in part, debated;

Resolved, See. That the Examination of this Miscarriage, and of all other Miscarriages in the late War, be referred to the Committee already appointed for that Purpose; and, that the Opinion of the House be respited till the Return of their Report.

Hestrainu of Resolved, &c. That all that come to the Committee Jimes. concerning Miscarriages in Restraints of Juries, are to have Voices.

A Person to attend.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Spragg do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Committee of Ordered, That Sir Joh Strode, Mr. Marvell, Sir

Privileges. Ralph Hare, Mr. MiSir JVm. be

added to the Committee of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ----- Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Maiiis, 22° 1667-

Prayers.

Bedford

Level.

ABI L L for assessing the Taxes of certain Fen Lands, lying in Bedford Level, read the First time. Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be read a Second time on Thursday next.

Mr. Pryn, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Sir Sollo. Swayle,

Sir Robert Atkins, Sir James Thyn, Colonel Kirby, Mr.

Pleydall, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Wiltshire, Gloucestershire, and Surrey: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to consider, what Effect and Benefit hath been already made, by making Rivers navigable; and howr the State of the Matter is, in that Particular, upon the Laws already made, and to report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Resolved, 8cc. That Mr. Secretary Morrice do move Miscarring* his Majesty to give an Account to the House, or the the W ar. Committee, what he knows concerning the Miscarringe in dividing the Fleet.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Committee of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; Sir drill Privilege*. Wich, Sir Thomas Higgons, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Roger Vaughan, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir John Coventry,

Mr. Pepys, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Earneley, Mr. John How, Sir 77to. Woodcock, Sir John Lowther.

A Petition of Sir Vere Fane was read. _ Fane’*

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Petition be referred to Petition, the Committee of Elections; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Bishop of A Bill to enable the Lord Bishop of to make

Duresme’s Leases of certain Lead Mines, for Three Lives, was read Leasing. the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Swale, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Robert Atkins, Col. Kirlcby, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Talbott, Colonel Rcames, Col. Gilby, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir John Good-rick, Doctor Burrell, Sir How, Mr. Scaxcen, Sir 7 Bludworth, Mr. Rigby, Serj. Sir Tho. Mr.

Prynn, Sir John Moreton, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Brampston, Sir Sir Low-

ther, Sir Hen. Ccesar, Sir Erne/ey, Sir Tho. Littleton, Lord St. John, Sir Robert Howard, Sir John Otway, Sir John Trott, Mr. Boscawen, Sir John Norton, Mr. Mil-ward, and all that serve for the Counties of Yorke: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to give Notice to the Dean of Duresme, and other Persons concerned: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Winter's A Petition of Sir John Winter was read.

Petition. Ordered, That this Petition be referred to Sir Thomas Goicer, Sir Walter Young, Col. Birch, Sir Sollo. Swale,

Sir John Knight, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Scudamore, Sir John Talbott, Sir Cha. Harbord, Col. Gilby, Sir Wancick, Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Serj. Am, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Tho. Higgons, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Robert BSir Sir

Humph Hooke, and all the Members that serve for Gloucestershire, Herefordshire, Somersetshire, Monmouthshire, and Worcestershire: And all that come are to have Voices: And to send for the Articles of Sir John Winter; and to give notice to the Commissioners concerned, to attend and to be heard; and to inquire what has occasioned -the Want of Timber in the Forest of Deane; and to consider, how the Timber there and in the New Forest may be preserved and increased for the future.

fkveme Resobced, &c. That it be referred to a Committee, to

Navigation, consider of Proposals to prepare and bring in a Bill for the making >a River navigable from the River Seveme to London;viz. Sir John Lowther, Sir John Talbott, Lord Cornbury, Mr. John Vaughan, Sir John Denham, Sir John Knight, Sir Robert Howard Sir Lexcys,

Mercurii, 23° Octobris, 19* Car. 2di.

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of Sir John Prettyman was read. Prettyman'* Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Petition. Committee of Privileges and Elections, to consider of the Petition, and examine the Matter of Fact; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

A Bill for settling Lands in Sir Richard Wiseman, and Wiseman’* JohnP/ott, to enable them to perform a Trust, was read. Estate. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time on Saturday next.

Mr. Pryn reports from the Committee to which the Writs of Bill to prevent Abuses in granting Writs of Certiorari, Certiorari, was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made, and a Proviso to be added: Which being twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed;

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more effectual repairing and maintaining Repairing Highways, was read the First time. Highways.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for regulating and ascertaining of Weights and Weights and Measures, was read. Measures.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for settling the charitable Uses of Baron Hilton, Hilton’s was read. Charities.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, on this Day Sevennight.

The House being informed, that it will be necessary Miscarriage* to receive some Informations from his Highness Prince of the War: Rupert, and his Grace the Duke of Albeinarle, concerning some Miscarriages at Chatham and Shcernesse, and other Matters relating to the late Wfc:

Ordered, That Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Tho. Higgons,

Colonel Kirby, Mr. Waller, Lord Ancram, Colonel

Legg,

i9CAR.II. 23° — 24°-

Leggy Lord Buckhurst, do attend his Highness Prince Rupert, and his Grace the Duke of Albemarle; and present to them, the Thanks of this House, and the great Esteem they have of their eminent Merit in the late War; and also, to desire them to impart to this Committee, what they have observed or know of any Miscarriage therein; and, particularly, concerning the Division of the Fleet in the Year 1666: And that this Committee make Report thereof to this House.

Recovering A Bill for enabling of Ministers for Pecovery of their Ty"es' Tythes, was read the Second time: But the Bill being interlined and razed;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, for that Clause, be laid aside, with Prejudice to a new Bill to be prepared and brought in for the same Purpose, by the Committee formerly appointed: Who are hereby revived; and to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And that these Persons following be added to the Committee; Mr. Hungerford, Dr.Burrell, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Birch, Mr. Dowdszcell, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Mr.

Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Mr.

And then the House adjourned till To-morpow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 24® , 1667-

Prayers.

LVA R ADacosta did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance anfl Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Sending The House being informed, that there are some Sol-Soldiers diers, with their Horses and Arms, now in a Readiness to (broad. be transported into foreign >Parts;

Ordered, That an'Address be made to his Majesty, by Sir JVm. Coventry, to restrain their Exportation; the

Matter being now under the Consideration of the House, for strengthening the Nation against foreign Invasion.

Wood- Upon a Report made by Mr. Pryn, from the Com-kn-hoUers. m‘ttee appointed to inquire into the Abuses of Wood-mongers;

Resolved, See. That the Clerk of the Wood mongers Company b^sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms or his Deputy, for his Contempt, in refusing to appear, and bring in his Books belonging to the Company, to the Committee, though he were summoned so to do.

Resolved, &c. That the Master of the Wood mongers Company do, at his Peril, attend the Committee appointed to inquire into Abuses of Woodmongers, Tomorrow in the Afternoon; and cause the Books of By Laws, and such other Books as concern the Company, to be brought in to the Committee.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of the City of London, the Bailiff of the City of Westminster, and the Bailiff of the "Borough of Southwa respectively, be required forthwith to put the Law of 43* Chap. 14.

touching the Act of Talwood, Billet, and Faggots, in Execution: And that they do accordingly forthwith inquire, find out, and seize, all such Wood and Faggots as they shall find in the Hands of the Woodmongers, and Retailers of Wood and Faggots, under the Assize prescribed by the said Statute; and that they do thereupon forthwith deliver, or cause the same to be delivered, to the Overseers of the Poor, in their respective Parishes; to be distributed to the Poor of the same Parishes; as by the same Act is directed in that Behalf: And that they give an Account thereof to the House on this Day Sevennight.

East Sir John Holland reports from the Committee to Rainharo which the Bill for settling the Glebe Lands belonging to Batory the Rector of East Rainham in Norfolk, was committed, Vol. IX.

— 2 50 Octobris. 7

several Amendments to be made to the said Bill: Which, being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for assessing of the Taxes of certain Fen Lands,' Bedford lying in Bedford Level, was read the Second time. %e ‘

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn,

Mr. Pepys, Sir SollomanSwayle, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Thomas Gozcer, Mr. Morrice, Col. Reamcs, Sir Gilbert Talbott,

Mr. Rigby, Sir Geo. Clarke, Sir John Bennett, Sir John Moreton, Sir Wm Terringham, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir John Napper, Sir John Talbott, Sir Lord

Ancram, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Holland, Sir Lane.

Lake, Sir Nich. Carey, Sir Tho. Mr. Cooke, Sir Walter Younge, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Otway, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Edit).Massey, Sir Tho. Sir Clifford

Cliffton, Sir Robert Carr, Lord St. John, Mr. Maynard,

Sir Rich. Francklin, Col. Phillipps, Sir John Coventry,

Mr. Streete, Sir William Lads, Mr. Price, Mr. fa ling: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Colonel Samuel Sands was read. Ditto.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee; to inquire the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Mr. Secretary Morrice, by Leave from his Majesty, Miscarriage gave an Account of what he knows concerning the Alis- of the War. carriage and Dividing of the Fleet.

Ordered, That Air. Secretary Morrice be desired to peruse his Letters and Papers of Intelligence; and set down, in Writing, the particular Dates of those Letters that gave him Intelligence of the Dutch Fleet coming forth; and of their being out accordingly; and the Time of Reception; and when imparted; and the Dates of the Orders thereupon; and the Time of the dividing the Fleet: And bring in the same to the House, with the Letters themselves which contain nothing but what relates to the Alatter aforesaid; and, for such Letters as do contain other Afatters, the Contents of so much in them as concern this Affair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 25® Octobris, 1667-

Prayers.

A BILL to indemnify the late Sheriffs of London, Escape* from touching Escapes, and other Matters, occasioned g£"rig" by the late dreadful Fire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time, on Tuesday next.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, was read the Pr 80ner» Second time. Rell*L

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Afr.

Prynn, Sir Thomas Higgons, Sir Sollomon Swayle, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Wm. Lewis, Col. Sir

Clifford Clifton, Sir John Coriton, Sir Tho. Lee, Serj.

Charlton, Sir Wm. Lowther, Dr. Buncell, Lord Richardson, Sir George Reeve, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Cha.

Harbord, Sir John Knight, Sir John Vaughan, Mr.

Pleydall, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Moreton, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Col.

Birch, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Pcpis, Mr. Rigby, Air.

Szoynfen, Mr. Dowdswell, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Col. Gilby,

Sir Edward Walpoole, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Musgrave,

Mr. Crouch, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Rowland Berkley,

Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir Henry Ccesar, Sir John Shawe,

Air. Morrice, Mr. Maynard, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir James Thyn, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Spry, Sir Fr. Air.

Westfaling, Mr. Comptroller, and all the Gentlemerr of the Long Robe: And all that come, to have Voices:

And

Lord

Mordaunt’s

Impeachment,

Thefts and Robberies.

Wood-mongers and Inn-holders.

Miscarriages of the War.

2 50 — 26° Octobris. 1667.

And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber; and to consider of the Proposals for procuring a Work-house; for the Bill to have a Retrospect only for such as are really poor, to be relieved; and such as are able, to be enforced to pay, as far as they are able; of Abuses, in suffering Prisoners to go at large; for Relief of such as are detained Prisoners for Fees only; and all the Particulars now proposed; and such other Proposals as shall be made: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Wm. Taylour Esquire; and Articles of Impeachment against the Lord and others; was

read: And Mr. Taylour being called in, did own the Petition and Articles; and affirmed he was ready to make out the Matter contained therein.

Resolved, Scc. That a Committee be appointed, to consider of the Petition, and other Articles annexed; and to examine, what new Matter is in this Petition and Articles which was not contained in the Articles and Petition formerly exhibited; and to state what that new Matter is; and what the Progress and Proceedings were in this Business in the former Session of Parliament; and to report it, with their Opinion, to the House; viz. Colonel Sir Thomas Higgons, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir John Good-rick, Sir Wm. Gawdy, Col. Sir Ja. , Sir

John Vaughan, Sir John Talbott, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Edward Seymore, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Walter Young, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Sir Jonoth. Trelawney, Lord Fanshawe, Mr. Weld, Sir

Tho. Gower, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Sir

Trockmorton, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Courtney Poole, Six Wm. Jj/wther, Lord Torrington, Mr. King, Mr. Lord

Ancram, Mr. Seymor, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Charles bord, Col. Phillipps, Mr. Vaughan, Col. Reames, Sir Richard Frahcklin, Mr. Rigby, Sir Henry Ccesar, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Birch, Six John Mr. Pepes,

Sir Francis Goodricke, Mr. Outway, Mr. Sir

Ralph Bancks, Sir Francis Lawlcy, Mr. Cooke, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Char let on. Sir George Clerke, Mr. Crouch, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Edward Wal-

poole, Sir John Corilon, Mr. WSir Tho. Mr. Musgrave, Sir Thomas Osborne: And all that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

and for such Letters as dd concern other Matters, the Contents of so much in them 3 concern this Affair, to be abstracted, and imparted to the House.

Sabbati, Octobris 26°, 1667.

A BILL for erecting Prjt-houses at Cambridge, Cambridge was read. ’ P«it-Uouaes.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time, on Thursday next.

A Bill for the better enabling.Sir Richard TViseman, Wiseman.’* and John Plott and their Heirs, to perform a Trust, E®tate* was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn,

Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Moreton, Sir

Richard Browne, Sir John Denha* , Sir Sir

John Brampston, Sir Thomas DU , Sir Henry Ccesar, Mr.

Crouch, Mr. Coventry, Mr. SeyAir, Sir William Doylcy,

Col. Phillipps, Mr. Westphali\y Sir John Terrill, Sir

Rowland Birkley, Sir Thomas."npk Sir

Sir Nicholas Carey, Mr. Otu , Sir John

Mr. Kent, Sir Richard Oatley, and all that serve for the

Counties of Essex and Middlesex: And they are to meet

on Tuesday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the

Speaker’s Chamber: And to send lor Persons, Tapers,

and Records.

A Bill for Regulating and Ascertaining of Fees, was 1* emulating read. *ees’

Resolved, &c. That the BilLbe read the Second time, on Tuesday next.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Abuses in granting Writs Writ* of of Certiorari was read: And some Amendments being ^erti0Wn* proposed, and debated; some Members were pppeinted to withdraw; and consider how it might be amended.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Denham, Sir Thefts and Thomas Alien, Sir Charles Harborde, Sir 7homas Osbortie, houbems. Sir John Talbot, Col. Windham, Col. 'Sir Lane.

I.ake, Sir Tho. Clergis, Lord F. Sir Moreton, Col. Birch, Sir John Holland, or any Three of them, be appointed to attend the Lord General, to advise with him, for securing the Highways against Thefts and Robberies.

i?1

,:i

f}i C 2JC: r--i

r

.1'

.1:

Ordered, That an Address be made to his Majesty, by the Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Secretary Morris, and the Lord Torrington; humbly to acquaint his Majesty of the Complaints of the great Damages and Dangers, which daily happen by Thefts and Robberies: And, that his Majesty would give Leave for some Members of this House, to advise with the Lord General; and consider for some speedy Course to be taken, for appointing Guards, and securing the Countries and Highways; and of a Reward for such as shall be employed therein.

A Petition of the Woodmongers was read: And the Matter being debated;

Resolved, Sic. That the Execution of the Vote, passed Yesterday, concerning the Woodmongers, be suspended, till a Report be returned from the Committee, concerning the Matter.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the ‘Committee had Writs of agreed the Amendments to the Bi- touching Writs of Certiorari. Certiorari: Which being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to, were inserted into th,e Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And, that the Title be, An Act to prevent Abuses in granting Writs of Certiorari.

Ordered, That no ingrossed Bill be brought in to he reading of read, till the same be examined by the Chairman of the ^{j["8swl Committee, to which it was referred, and the Clerk of the House.

A Bill for taking the Accounts of publick Money, was Pui>lick read. " Accounts.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be the Second time read on Tuesday next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to look into Impeach-Resolved, &c. That the Ixird Arlington be attended by ancient Precedents of the Method of the Proceedings menU- Mr. Comptroller and Col. Kirby \ and desired to peruse of this House, in Cases of Impeachments for capital

his Letters and Papers of Intelligence; and set down, in Offences:

Writing, the particular Dates of those Letters that gave Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Mr. Seymour,

him Intelligence of the Dutch Fleet coming out, and of Sir Thom Sir Sir

their being forth accordingly; and of all other Letters Sir Wrn. Lewis, Sir

relating the reunto; and the Time of the Reception of bord, Sir John Holland, Mr. Hordes, Mr. Solicitor, Mr. them, and when imparted; and the Dates of the Orders Waller, Six Robert Atkins, Six Robert Ckarleton, Sir John thereupon; and the Time of dividing the Fleet: And, Berkenhead, Lord St. Johns, Mr. Air. Mountague,

that the Letters themselves, which concern nothing but Sir Charles Wheeler, or any Five of them; to meet this what relates to this Matter, be brought into this House; Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

23 That

« *.

‘i I

V r

T l

1

(in

1

ic,

«L:,

trf

: .1

" id!

r

h

;-r

19 Car. II. a6° — ao°-

' ' 1

Committees. That all Committees, saving t.,e last appointed, be adjourned till Tuesday Mo ting nevt.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Martisx 29° 1667.

SIR Barnard Gascoine did this Pay take tlje Oaths

ot Allegiance and Supremacy before the Spe'aker, at the Clerk’s Table; in order tovhis Naturalization.

Cambridge A Bill for Erecting P^st-houses for the Town of Cam-I'cst-houses. bridge, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pepys, Dr. Buncell, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir John Moreton, Sir IV'Uiam Colonel Strode, Mr.

Dvwdsiveil, Mr. Pryn, ’ir Jo. Coriton, Sir John Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr Ratchhffc, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Williams, Sir Edw. Ma. vr,s. Sir John Talbott, Sir William Lowther, Sir Wi'li 1 Coventry, Lord Richardson, Sir Humphry Winch, M Jltuay, Mr. Rigby, Sir

Thynn, Sir John Bent, and all that serve for the County of Cambridge: And they are to summon and hear the Commissioners, and all other Parties concerned: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records*

Wimour's Ordered, That Sir William Wand Mr. William Petition. Harberd, Sir Humphry Winch, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John is committed:

And they are to meet this Atternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Bishop of Sir FrancisGoodricke reports from the Committee, to

Duie.-uie's which the Bill for Enabling the Lord Bishop of

to make Leases for Three Lives, of certain Lead Mines, was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill: Which, being twice rgad; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Win* A Bill for the Settling the Measures of Wine, and the

Mt iiures, Prices and Measures of Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and also the Measures of Grain; w as read.

Ordered, That <;his Bill be read a Second time, on Monday next.

Observation A Bill for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, of Sunday, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morris, jSir Walter Younge, M. WSir John (Sir 7 ho.Allen, Sir Edw. Mr. Dawdtn Sir

1 Tho. Tompkins, Lord Fansha Mr. Sir Nich.

Slatting, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Mr. Of by, Sir

: Anlh. Irby, Sir Robert Atkins, Colonel Sir William Coventry, Sir Charles HarboMr. Hobby, Sir

\ Goodricke, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Strode, Col. Reames, Sir , Lane. Like, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Lord

i chardson, Sir Worsley, Sir John Coriton, Sir John Eamley, Sir Phillipp MusMr. Mr.

; Greenvile, Sir Henry Casar, Colonel Birch, Mr. Wren, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Cooke: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Ihursday next, at Two , of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Publick A Bill for examining and taking the Accounts of pub-Accounu. lick Monies, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn,

Sir Edm. IPmdham, Sir Edward Alaslers, Sir

Sir John Bennett, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Jo fin Vol. IX.

30° Octobris. 9

Sir William Lowther, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir

Sir William Coventry, Sir Clifford Clij ton, Sir hn Coriton,

Sir John Duncombe, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir

Mr. Boscawen, Sir Thomas Gmcer, Sir Mr.

Dowdsxcell, Sir Ralph Banks, Sir John Holland, Sir John Goodrick, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Knight, Mr. Spry,

Col . Birch, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Tho. Sit Tho.

Littleton, Sir Jona. Trelawney, Sir William Col.

Sundyes, Col. Kirby, Mr. Jones, Sir Walter Younge, Sir Solomon Suale, Lord Castleton, Sir Henry Casar, Sir Walter St. John, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Garraxcay, Mr. Jlorrice, Sir NichCarey, Sir Edw.

Massey, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Kinge, and all that were

of the Committee for preparing the Bill: And to consider

of a Clause, to be inserted in the Bill, for Commitment of

such as shall refuse to attend, and be examined: And

they are to meet on Thursday next at Tw o of the Clock

in the Afternoon, in the Exhequer Chamber: And to

send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Vaughan reports from the Committee, to which Impeach-it was referred, to look into ancient Precedents of the lne,"ls* Alethod of the Proceedings of this House, in case of Impeachment for capital Offences.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to a Committee, to reduce into Heads the Accusations against the Earl of Clarendon; viz. Air. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Charles IVhceler, Mr. Waller, Lord Vaughan, Sir Tho.

Osborne, Sir William Lewis Air. Comptroller, Sir Tho.

Lee, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Henry Coventry, Lord Ancram, Sir Who. Osborne, Mr. Seymour, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Robert, Hcrbord, Mr. Trevor, Sir Anth.

Irby, Sir William Lowther, Sir John Holland, Sir Younge, Col. Reames, Sir 777Ilium Coventry, Lord St.John,

Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Richard Wiseman, Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Edm.Windham, or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Committees. Afternoon, be adjourned till Tommorrow' Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30°' Octobris, 1667.

A BILL so?repairing the Highways, was read the rtepairino-Second time. Highways.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Air. Pryn,

Air. Ply dull. Sir Solloman Swale, Sir John Coriton, Air.

Peips, Sir Edw.Masters, Mr. Outway,

ston, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Rich. Broznie, Mr. Streete, Air.

Coventry, Sir John Strode, Sir John Rolls, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir 1’ho.Gower, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Crouch, Dr.

Burwell, Sir William Heyward, Sir Lowther,

Sir John Holland, Sir John Moreton, Lord Fansharc, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Nicho.Slaning. Sir Downing,

Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Wyn, Sir James Thyn, Sir Henry Casar, Sir William Gawdy, Sir Windham, Air.

Dtm'dswdl, Sir Walter Younge, Sir William Coventry,

Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Clarke: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Wednesday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Bill for assigning Debts in the Exchequer, was read Assigning the Second time. Exchequer

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Air. Pryn, Debts. Lord Fanshaw, Sir Phill. Warwick, Sit William Coventry,

C Sir

East and West Rayntham Rectory.

Regulating

Fees.

Wood-

mongers and Inn holders.

Red ford Level.

Preventing Growth of Popery,

io 30 — $1°

Sir William Lowther, Sir William Mr. Otway,

Col. Kirby, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Rigby, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir William Lewis, Mr. Collins, Col. Reames, Sir John Coryton, Mr. Gold, Sir William Gawdy, Sir Tho. AUen, Sir Geo. Downing, Col. Phillipps, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Solloman Swale, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Dowdswell, Col Strode, Sir Geo. Reeces, Mr. Sir John Heath, Dr. Burwell, Sit John Denham, Sit Richard Oateley, Sir Robert Harvard, Sir Ralph Hare, Mr. Peipes: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for Confirmation of an Exchange of certain Lands between Horatio Lord Townsend, and the Rector of East and West Rayntham in the County of

Norfolke, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for Confirmation of an Exchange of certain Lands between Horatio Lord Townsend, and the Rector of East and West Rayntham in the County of

Norfolke.

And Sir John Holland is to carry it up to the Lords.

A Bill for regulating and establishing of Fees, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pryn, Sir John Holland, Sir Tho.Gower, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Rigby,

Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Walter Younge, Sir John Mounton, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir

John Moreton, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Mr. Jaye, Sir Nicho. Slaninge, Sir Edu ard Walpoole, Sir Dr.

well, Mr. Dowdswell, Sir John Goodrick, Mr.

Mr. Weld, Mr. Hambden, Sir Job Air. Seymour, Lord Corn bury, Sir Henry CaesMr. Peipes, Sir Franc.

Goodricke, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Plcy-dall, Sir Wm.Smith, Mr. Boscawcn, Lord Mr.

King, Sir John Berkenhead, Sir John Mallctt, Sir John

Talbott, Sir Henry Coventry, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Streete, Mr. Hungerford, Sir William Lewis, Air. phaling, Sir Tho. Clcrgis, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir than Trelawney, Sir William Heyward, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir John Heath, Sir William Doyley, Sir Henry Wood, Col. Phillipps, Sir Edw. Walpoole, Sir

Sir Henry Caple, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Bennett, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Finch: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the ExchequerChamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to receive any Proposals, which shall be offered, and to summon such Officers, and other Persons, as can give Information touching the ancient Fees; and whether the Fees have been raised: And to provide for reducing or enlarging the Fees, as they shall find Cause.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Higgons, Sir Nicho. Carey, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Hambden, Sir Hu Sir

Caple, and all the Alembers that serve for the County of Berks, Oxford, Surry, and Buckinghamshire, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill to prevent Abuses and Extortion of Woodmongers, Innholders, and others, was committed.

Ordered, That Air. Jones, Sir Francis Leake, Sir Reeve, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Henry Capell, Lord Ancram, Mr. Sheencood, Col. Williams, Mr. Orme, Sir John Heath, Mr. Crouch, Sir William Heyward, Mr. Otway, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Bedford Level, was committed.

A Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Lord Ancram, Mr. Street, Sir Thomas Allen, Col. Sands, Col. Williams, Sir John Goodrick, Mr. Coleman, Sir Thomas Higgons, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Air. Vaughan, Sir

Solomon Swale, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Papes, Sir Tal-

bott, Col. Kirby, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Stanley, Mr. William Lewis, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Edm. Windham, Dr.

25

Octobris. 1667.

Burwell, Mr. Wren, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Weld, Sir John Downkam, Sir Phillipp Sir Edward Walpoole, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Pryn, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir George How, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Brunckard, Sir Henry Coventry, Sir Charles Herbord, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Sands, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Otway, Sir John Berkenhead, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Humphry Winch, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Charleton,

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Onslmv, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Phillipp Warwicke, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir George Reeves, Lord St. John, Sir Walter Younge, Sir Tho. Doleman: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to inspect the Laws in Force; and to examine the Oath which is now-in the Bill; and to peruse the Bill formerly brought in; and to provide the best Means they can, to prevent the Growth of Popery.

Ordered, That Sir Hairy Puckering, Mr. Mountague, Sir Norton Knatchbald, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Berkenhead, Mr. Duster, Sir Henry Covaitry, Lord Richardson, Sir Robert Bamhani, Lord Fanshaw, Sir William Fleet-wood, Sir John Rouse, Sir John Mounson, Sir John Covet, be added to the Committee, to which Sir Richard Wisemans Bill was committed.

A Bill for Naturalization of Alvarode Costa, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 31° Octobris, 19° Car. 2Ji.

/~\RDERED That Air. Buller, Mr. Jones, and Air. Vaughan, be added to the Committee touching erecting Pest-houses for Cambridge.

Ordered, That Sir John Newton, and Air.

Air. Fount, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill

concerning the Taxes of Bedford Level, was committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Barington and Air. Austin be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

A Petition of William Barker, William and

others, was read; complaining of some Wrongs and Injuries done to them, touching Lands in Ireland:

And Mr. Barker and Air. Bbeing called in; and,

in the Behalf of themselves, and others, owning the Petition, and offering to make good the Substance of it;

Ordered, That thisPetition be referred to the Committee of Grievances; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And the Committee are hereby ordered, to sit on Wednesday next; and to take this Petition into Consideration: And, that no other Committee do sit that Day.

Information being given to the House, of a great Alis-demeanour, and Breach of Privilege, committed by one Air. Coventry, in assaulting Air. Seynwur, a Alem-ber of this House, in the Palace Yard, upon the Rising of the House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Alatter, and report it to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Williamson do, from time to time, attend the Committee appointed to examine the Alis-carriages of the late War, as often as he shall be required, with the Papers of the Lord Arlington: And, that he do produce the Papers; and give what Information he can, therein.

Ordered, That the Earl of Anglesey be attended, by the

Wiseman’s

Estate.

Costa's, Uc. Nat.

Cambridge

Pest-houses.

Bedford

Level.

Committee of Privileges.

Barker's, &c. Petition.

Privilege — -Assault of a Member,

Miscarriages of the War.

Ditto.

19 Car. II.

310 Octohris.

11

Lord Ancram, Sir Ralph Banks, and Sir Tho.;

and desired to give what Information he can, concerning Abuses in paying the Seamen by Tickets; or any Miscarriage, in the late War: And, that Report thereof be made to the House.

Miscarriages Lord Ancram reports, that his Highness Prince Rupert

of the War. hath been pleased to deliver to him, in Writing, a Narrative of the Miscarriages in the late War; to be communicated to the House:

Sir Robert Brookes reports, that his Grace the Duke of Albemarle had also been pleased to deliver to him, in Writing, a Narrative of the Miscarriages in the late War; to be communicated to the House: Both which Narratives being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and read;

Ordered, That the said Narratives be entered into the Journals of this House.

" I DO esteem it as a very great Happiness, that my hearty Services for the King and Kingdom, in the late War, are so well accepted by the House of Commons. And since it is desired, by them, that I Should impart what Miscarriages I have observed in the Management of the said War; and that I Should give a particular Account, concerning the Division of the Fleet, in the Year 1666; I shall faithfully do it, upon the best Collection I can make."

" I begin with the first Summer’s Expedition, when his Royal Highness commanded; and thereupon, shall only say in Short, if the Duke's Orders (as they ought) had been strictly observed, the Victory which was then obtained had been much greater; nay, in Probability, the whole Fleet of the Enemy had been destroyed. What other Miscarriages happened that Summer, I cannot speak to, but upon Hearsay; being commanded home as soon as that Fight was over; and had not any Hand in any other Action of the War, until it pleased the King the next Summer to join me with the Lord General in the Command of the Fleet: In which Expedition, That which first appears of Moment, is — The Separation of the Fleet: Whereof, I can say thus much, that That Counsel was founded upon the Intelligence which was brought, of some Ships of the French King’s being at Bell Isle; and that some others were expected there out of Brest, and with the Duke de Beauford. It was also encouraged by other Intelligence, that the Dutch Fleet was not likely to come abroad in some Weeks: So that it was conceived, a Squadron of our Ships might be spared to look after the French, and return time enough to the Body of the Fleet, before an Engagement with the Dutch."

" With these Counsels, and in pursuance to the Orders I had then newly received from the Duke of Yorke, I set sail upon Tuesday the 2qth of May; leaving the main Body

of the Fleet with the Duke of in the Dozens;

where he concluded there could be no probable Danger from the Enemy, in case they Should come out, because the same Winds, which Should bring them into the Channel, would-also serve to bring down our Fleet to a Conjunction with the Squadron under my Command: And I stood my Course Westward, till, by Stress of WTeather (which happened the Friday following, being the First of June) I was driven back again, and came to an anchor in St. Helen* Road: Where, by a Ketch which I had sent before toiPortsmouth for Intelligence, I received the first Notice, of the Dutch being abroad; and his Royal Highness’ Order, bearing Date the 30th of May. for my Return to the Fleet; which I was thereby directed to find, either imthe Downes.or at the Gunflect. Whereupon I made

all the Haste back to the Downes:But the Duke of Albemarle, it seems, by Order he had received after my parting from him, was gone thence for the Gun fleet; and in passing niettiie De/c/i, upon the said First of June; and l. meetingiio Intelligence in the Downes, steered my Course on towards the Gun flee !so; and on Sunday, the Third of June, met the English and the Dutch Fleets, who had tnen been some Days engaged."

Von.. IX.

" The next Miscarriage I shall mention, was., the intolerable Neglect in supplying of Provisions, during that whole Summer’s Expedition; notwithstanding the extraordinary and frequent Importunities of our Letters, which, for the most part, was directed to Sir Coventry,

as being the fittest Person to represent our Desires to his Royal Highness, and the Commissioners of the Navy; of which Number he was then also one: And, in this particular Instance, the Neglect was so great, that we were enforced, by Three repeated Orders in that Summer, to bring the whole Fleet to Short Allowance, from the Second of August to the 23d of when I brought

home the Fleet. I know, upon our Complaints, Accounts were sent us, that all had been supplied according to our Orders: But I remember also, we did then complain, that great Quantities of wood-bound Casks were staved; and, much of the Provisions, upon Surveys, proved defective: Also, that the Gauge of the Beer-vessels were Twenty Gallons in a Butt Short of what it ought to be; and that the Bills of Credit came with the Pursers to the Fleet, instead of Provisions in Specie."

" This want of Provisions did manifestly tend to the extraordinary Prejudice of his Majesty’s Service, in that whole Summer; but most especially alter the Victory obtained in the July Fight; when lie had carried the Fleet on the Enemy’s Coast, and lay there before the VIy,in the Way of all their Merchant Ships, we were enforced, merely for want of Provisions, to quit our to Sole Bay."

" And, now I have made mention of that Second Fight, I must not forbear to tell you my Judgment, that the Blue Squadron w as, in that Action, guilty of a great Miscarriage: Otherwise, in Probability, the whole Zealand Squadron had fallen into our Hands. The Want of Seamen was also too great to be forgotten; which, I believe, was occasioned, partly by the Hopes they had to go into Merchant Ships and Colliers, where the Pay was greater, and the Hazard less; and partly by the ill Management of those who w ere intrusted to impress them."

" In the next Place, I must remember the horrible Neglects of his Majesty’s Officers, and the Workmen of his Yards. For the Proof thereof, there needs but Two Instances: The one, That of the Fire-ships, which we desired to have supplied unto us after the second Fight, we having spent the greatest part of ours, in that Fight, and in the Action of the Vly: After above Five Weeks Importunity, we were told, we Should have Five Fireships out of tire Thames, and Chatham, w here all Neces-

saries were at hand: Whenas, in as many Days, we provided as many Fire-ships ourselves, at Sole Bay: And those that were promised out of the River, came not to us till the Want of them were over. The next is as considerable: That whereas we were in great Expectation, against the second Fight, of having the Loyal London, spight, Cambridge, and Greenwich (which were all Ships of so great Force, that we thought it not fit to sail, till they were ready); after we had, with all imaginable Importunity, in vain, desired the fitting and sending of them; we were enf orced, at last, to send up Sir Robert Holmes, with some of our own Numbers out of the Fleet for the Three latter; and Sir Smith for the

Loyal London: Who in few Days broughtthe said Ships to the Fleet; where we fitted them ourselves. And though these are very considerable Instances; yet the late Miscarriage at Chatham doth more eminently prove it. From that Expedition, where we commanded, I returned home in the Beginning of October: But, before I came in with the Fleet, I sent it as my humble Advice to the King, amongst other Things which I thought for his Majesty’s Service, that Care Should be taken to prevent an Attempt upon Harwich; wihich was to be apprehended some time or other from the Enemy, after the Fleet Should be come in: And his Majesty’s Commands were accordingly afterwards issued forth for the fortifying both of Harwich and Sheermesse: Which would have prevented any such

Design.

12 310 Octobris. A. 1667.

Miscarriages Design. But though many Months passed before the not get into the River, without fighting: And, in order

of the War Dutch made their Attempt; yet nothing had been done to thereunto, I called together all the Flag Officers and Cap-render Skecrenesse defensible against an Enemy: To tains on board: Who, after some Consideration, unani-which Neglect, we may justly ascribe the burning of the mously agreed, that, in regard most of our Fleet were Ships at Chatham', and the Dishonour that attended it." heavy Ships, we could not avoid fighting: And thereLast of all, I do esteem jt none of the least Mis- upon the Resolution^as, to fall upon them as they lay at carriages that hath been observable in the late War, that Anchor. The Description of our Engagement is not very no Fleet was kept in a Body the last Summer; especially pertinent to this Narrative: But, notwithstanding all the since the Enemy was well known to be arming; whereas Disadvantage, we had but Two Recruits added to the we had above Eighteen thousand Seamen, all the while, in Dutch Fleet; we lost but Ten Ships; and they had above Pay abroad, in dispersed Ships; of which, if but a Part Twenty sunk, and burnt."

had been kept together in the Thames, it had probably " By 9. Letter from his Royal Highness of the 31 th of prevented the Mischief which ensued." May, I found, that a Letter was writ the Day before to

recall the Prince; and his Highness came to us the 3d of " BEING desired, by the House of Commons, to im- June at Night. The Fourth of June, being Monday, we part what I have observed or known of any Miscarriage sailed towards the Dutch Fleet, and fought with them that in the late War; and particularly, concerning the Divisions Day, till towards Night;. and then they sailed towards of the Fleet in the Year 1666; I shall herein relate all I the Holland Coast, and left us: And his Highness Prince can, during my being at Sea, with respect to the Shortness s Ship, and mine, being both disabled, we were

of Time, and the Want of many of my Papers, occasioned not able to follow them that Night. So, upon a Consul-by the Loss of Sir William Clarke, who attended me in tation, it was resolved, that we Should sail with our Fleet the Sea Service, and was slain in it." to the Buoy; to repair our Ships, and to

" The first what I remember of the Division of the recruit them."

Fleet, is as followeth; viz. Sir George Carterett and Sir " After these Engagements, the Fleet drew into the William Coventry came to us to the Buoy of the Nore, on Buoy of the Nore, to be repaired and victualled: Where the 14th Day of May 1666; and there acquainted us, that I cannot but observe the great Negligence of the Com-there might be good Service done, if we could spare a missioners of the Navy, in not providing for our Supply. Squadron of Twenty of our Ships, with some Fire-ships, Wre had not any thing we wanted, but by great Impor-to fall upon Part of the French Fleet, which was gathered funity: And, such was their Delay in fitting put our Ships, together at Bell Isle; and this made so great a Secret, that that, after they had represented it scarce possible to have we could not have the Advice of our Flag Officers in it: the Loyal London, and

And they said, the Dutch Fleet would not be out in Six out that Summer, we sent some of our own Officers and Weeks. I was much surprised at his Proposition: But Seamen, who brought them to us in a very few Days."

I told them, if, upon their going to London, it Should be " The next Thing that I remember observable, is, that, resolved to send away such Part of our Fleet, as is afore- when in the Month of August, in the same Year, our Fleet said, I could not be able to engage the Dutch, till I lay before the Vly and Sc heeling; when we burnt and de-Should be recruited. All that was done at this Time, was, stroyed One hundred Fifty-two Merchantmen, and Four to agree of the Names of the Ships; and that our whole Men of War; and might have perfected this Success with Fleet Should sail to the Downes to lie there for their very great Advantage (for, Fifty Merchant Ships, which Orders. On the 27 th oi May, at Night, I received a Letter came in Three Days after, must have fallen into our Fleet); from my Lord Arlington, dated the 24th; importing, that we were forced, for want of Provisions, to draw off; not-he heard the Dutch Fleet would be out suddenly; but he withstanding that both his Higlupess and myself had, w'ith mentioned no certain Time of their coming out: And great Instance and Importunity, often pressed for Provi-the Prince had Orders, on the 25th, to sail away with his sions; and, that we might not put to Sea, at that time, Squadron, in Prosecution of the fore-mentioned Design: with less than for Four Months."

And on the 29th, at Ten at Night, I received Orders, " The ill Success of hath manyCircumsitances

dated the 28th, to go to the Gunfleet', and the next Day in it: And therefore I shall be more particular in That,

I called the Officers together, and acquainted them with it. because it is yet fresh in my Memory."

They thought it very inconvenient to go to the Gunfleet; " His Majesty having Intelligence, that the Dutch Fleet

alleging, that if. the Wind Should be Easterly, and the had, with their Cannon, beaten those from that

Dutch come out, and send Fire-ships among us, being at w'ere to defend the Place, was pleased, upon the

Anchor, they might put us into Disorder,; and therefore 10th of June, about Noon, to command me to repair to they rather advised we Should sail to the Sxcym, betwixt Chatham, to take the best Order I could, to defend and the Gunfleet and the Middle Grounds, as a Place better secure the Ships there: And his Majesty gave Order to for Safety, and for taking in Provisions for the Fleet. I then the Commissioners the Ordnance, to dispatch a Train dispatched an Express to his Royal Highness, with the after me, that very Day: Which.I heard came that Night Result of this Consultation: And, as soon as I had squa- to and the next Day to GravesendAnd I myselt

droned my Ships, and got all our Men from Shore, (which went from the Tower of London, at Four a Clock that was by the 31st of May) I set Sail that very Afternoon. Afternoon; and came to the Evening. When

I had with me, when the Prince was to go, Fifty-six Sail: I came there, I found the Fort on Kent Side with fewr

But the Advice having broken Head, the Expedition went Guns mounted; and That on Essex Side had not above with his Highness in her place; and another of my Ships, Two in it mounted. I thereupon gave Order to Sir that w as out to scout towards Dunkirk, came not in, till Griffeth the Governor, to mount as manyGuns as he could, the Fight was over; so that I had but Fifty-four Ships, and to repair the Fortifications, to be able to makd the when we had Sight of the Dutch Fleet: Which wre descried best Resistance he could, in case the Dutch Should advance the First of June, about Eight in the Morning, lying at further upon the River; part of their Fleet being then Anchor off the North Foreland; consisting of about "Eighty sailed to the Hope. I also appointed Sir William Jennings,

Men of War, besides Fire-ships and Ketches. We ex- to command the Men of War and Fire-ships that lay by pected them not so soon, having never heard before they the Fort, till his Royal Highness Should further direct in were out of their Harbour, or so much as draw n to any that Particular. And, in regard I found so few Guns in the Rendezvous; tho’ it is well known they came out the Forts mounted; and seeing the Dutch Fleet on Tuesday 21 th of May; as I had Advice, after the Fight. Consider- Morning, with their Topsails loose, in Sight of Gravesend;

ing the Condition I was in; most part of the best Sailors I gave Order, that, when the Train of Artillery Should being gone with the Prince; and that those with me, come up to Gravesend, they Should stay there till further were very heavy Ships, and many of them Merchant-men, Orders; for I was in hopes to find Chatham better pro-and Dutch Prizes; I thought fit to advise, if we might vided than it was. After I had made this Provision there,

I w-ent

if

!^Hi I#111' ") i.1'" '

>,«,r;

1 1*;

'V,::

‘ ‘

jp/,

h- '

Cl'l*- " '

f..:

W

ffj -I, 1 ’

ii- -1

v

r v

L:-

(S'

t -

i-

Lv:

r*.

u.;

r:

j

L:;

I -\-

t

I:

lev

T

t

4

19 Car. II. 310 Octobris. 13

I went early on Tuesday Morning to Chatham, where I and, wanting One Ship more to sink in the Middle Miscarriage* l'ound scarce Twelve of Eight hundred Men, which were between those Two Ships, I, that Night, ordered the the 'Var‘ then in the King's Pay, in his Majesty’s Yards; and these Sancta M a great Dutch Prize, to be sunk in the so distracted with l-'ear, that 1 could have little or no Ser- deepest Place between the Two toresaid Ships: And I vice lrom them. I had heard of Thirty Boats, which were judged it so necessary to be done, that I charged Corn-provided by the Directions of his Royal Highness; but missioner Pelt, and the Masters of Attendance, on Peril they were all, except Five or Six, taken away by those of of their Lives, to do it by Morning; they having Time the \ aids; who went themselves with them, and sent enough, before the Tide served, to provide Things to and took them away, by the Example of Commissioner carry her down."

Pelt, who had the chief Command there, and sent away " Commissioner Pett, who had received Orders from his own Goods in some of them. I found no Ammuni-' his Royal Highness, on the 26th March, to remove tien there, btit^vas in the Monmouth: So that I presently the Royal Charles above the Dock, had, for about Nine sent to Gravesend, for the Train to be sent to me; which or Ten Weeks, neglected those Orders: And, when I got thither about Tw o of the Clock the next Day." was getting all the Boats I could, for I wanted many,

" After I had dispatched this Order, I went to visit the for carrying Materials for the Batteries, and Ammunition Chain, which was the next Thing to be fortified, for the and Soldiers for the Defence of all our Places, he came,

Security of the River; where 1 found no Works for the and told me, he would carry her up that Tide, if he Defence of it. I then immediately set Soldiers to work might have Boats: Which 1 could not then spare; for, for the raising Tw o Batteries, for there was no other Men if they were gone, all our Batteries must have been to be got; and, when I had employed them in it, I found neglected; and I could not transport the Timber, Pow-it very difficult to get Tools; for Commissioner Pett would der, Shot, and Men, to them, to resist the Enemies, not furnish us with above Thirty, till, by breaking open the next Day: And, besides, it was thought advisable, at Stores, we found more. I then directed Timber and thick that Instant, if the Dutch Should have landed in the Planks to be sent to the Batteries; and duns also, that Marsh by the Craine, she might have been useful, and they might be ready to be planted as soon as the Batteries have hindered them; having Guns aboard." were made; and I, in the next place, sent Captain Vintour " Nevertheless, upon Notice shortly after, that there v ith his Company, to UpnorCastle; which I took to be a was neither Sponge, Ladle, Powder, nor Shot, in her,

Place very fit to hinder the Enemy from coming forward, I sent Capt. MiUctt, Commander of the Matthias, about if they Should forch the Chain: And, upon further Consi- Ten in the Morning, with Orders to Commissioner Pett, deration, altho’I had Horse near the Fort, lest the Enemy to carry her up as high as he could, the next Tide: Should land there, I commanded Sir Edward Scott with Who pretended he could not then do it, because, there his Company, for a further Strength of the Place, and was but one Pilot, that would undertake it; and he was gave him the Charge of it; with Orders to let me know employed about sinking Ships: And, seeing she was not what he wanted for the Security thereof." removed in the Morning, I myself spake to him, the

" Having thus provided for Upnor, I considered where said Commissioner Pett, in the Evening, in the Presence to sink Ships without the Chain, next to the Enemy, as a of Col. Mac and Capt. to fetch

further Security to if. I found Five Fire-ships, and the her off that Tide: But, notwithstanding these Orders,

Unity, upon the Place; and, advising with Commissioner the Ship was not removed; but lay there, till the Enemy Pett, and the Masters of Attendance, and the Pilot, how took her. On the same Morning, by Break of Day, I to do it, Pett told me, it was their Opinion, that, if went to see what was done about the Sancta Maria;

Three Ships were sunk at the narrow Passage, by the Musle and found Men towing her along to the Place intended;

Bank, the DutchFleet could not be able to come up: And and they had Tide enough to do their Business: But I, relying upon their Experience, who best knew’ the soon after I had dispersed my Orders to the other Ships,

River, gave Orders accordingly for the doing of it: But I looked, and saw the Sancta Maria, by the Careless-when this was done, they said, they wan ted Two Ships ness of the Pilot, and Masters of Attendance, was run more; which I directed them to take and sink. Alter on ground: At which I was much troubled: For, if that this, I ordered Sir Edward Spragg to take a Boat, and Ship had been sunk in the Place where I had appointed, sound w hether the Sinking of those Ships would sufficiently the Dutch Ships could not have got beyond those of ours secure the Passage: Which he did; and found another sunk within the Chain; and thereby none of the King’s Passage, which the Pilot, and Masters of Attendance, had Ships, within, could have been destroyed; in regard that not before observed to be deep enough for great Ships: our grand Ships, within our Batteries, would have hin-

But it was deep enough for great Ships to come in I dered them from removing our sunk Ships. About Ten thereupon resolved to sink some Ships within the Chain, of the Clock on Wednesday, the Enemy came on with and provide some against there Should be Occasion." Part of their F’leet and Two Men of War, and Five or " I went then to look after the other Ships and Bat- Six Fire-ships; and, some other Men of War seconding teries, and to see Men and all things ready: But I found them, they first attempted the Unity, which was placed the Guns, which I had before ordered to be there, not on the Right-hand, close without the Chain, to defend yet come down; and, instead of thick oaken Planks, it, and they took her; and one of their Fire-ships of which there were good store in the Yards, as after- struck upon the Chain; but it stopped it: Then came wards it appeared, the Commissioner would only send another great Fire-ship, and, with the Weight of them thin Planks of Deal; saying, he had no other; which Two, the Chain gave way; and then the Ships came proved very prejudicial in the Use of them; for they on, in that very Passage, where the Sancta Maria were so weak, that at every Shot the Wheels sunk thro’ Should have been sunk. They burnt the Two Guard-the Boards; which put us to a continual Trouble to get ships, and took off the Charles; wherein the Boatswain them out." and Gunner did not do their Duties in firing her;

" About Noon, before our Batteries were quite raised, though they say they did attempt it twice, but the Fire the Enemy came on to the Place where our First Ships did not take. This was all that I observed of the were sunk. I went on board the Monmouth, with Fifty Enemy’s Action on ."

Volunteers; and appointed Soldiers in other Ships, to " Our next Care was to provide against the Tide make the best Defence we could, if they had proceeded: served the next Day. I inquired what had been done

But they were so iucu inhered, before they could clear their by Sir Scott, at Upnor; and sent him as many

Way thro’ the sunk Ships, and find another Passage, of those Things lie needed as I could get Boats to that the Tide was spent; and therefore they made no carry to him; and sent likewise a Company more than further Advance that Day: Whereby we had Time to was formerly ordered, to reinforce the Place, in case of consider what to do against the next Attempt." Landing; and then directed Three Batteries to be made

" There was Two Ships ordered to lie within the in the King’s Yard; but could not get a Carpenter,

Chain, to be ready to sink when Occasion Should be; but Two, that were running away. I also planted,

V0JL.IX. D that

14 3I# Octobris. — 40 Notembris. A. 1667.

Charge* against Pett.

Restraints on Juries.

that Night, about Fifty Cannon in several Places, be- Ordered, That Sir Henry and all the Members Tra<le with

sides those that came with the Train of Artillery, which that serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Scotland.

were also planted. I staid all Night on the Place, by Northumberland, Yorkshire, and all Members that serve

the Men; and having no Money to pay them, all I could for any Port Towns, be added to the Committee for

door say, was little enough for their Encouragement; settling the Trade between England and ;and for I had no Assistance from Commissioner Pett, nor that the Committee be revived, and do sit this Afternoon.

no Gunners, or Men to draw on the Guns, except the

Two Masters of Attendance." Ordered, That all Committees which were discon- Committee*.

" On Thursday Morning betimes, Upnor was in pretty tinned, be revived, and do sit this Afternoon, in the Condition, and our Batteries ready. I got some Captains Places formerly appointed, of Ships, and other Officers, Sea Volunteers, that came

with me, to ply the Guns; and the other Land Volun- Ordered, That the Lord Georges, and Sir Cambridge

teers did assist to draw them on the Batteries." be added to thej Committee to which the Bill Pest-houses.

" About Noon, the Enemy came on with Two Men touching Pest-houses at Cambridge, is committed, of War, and Six Fire-ships, and some more Men of

War following the m. The first Two anchored before A Bill to indemnify the late Sheriffs of London, and Escapes from Upnor, and played upon it, whilst the Fire-ships passed others, touching Escapes of Prisoners, and other Matters by to the Royal James, the Oak, and the London. The occasioned by the late Fire, was read the Second time. en *’ Two first Fire-ships burned, without any Effect; but Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. the rest went up, and burned the Three Ships men- Vaughan, Col. Sands, Sir Thomas Tomkins, Sir Solomon tioned: And if we had had but Five or Six Boats, to Sivale, Mr. Rigby, Sir Thomas Allen, Col. Sir

have cut off the Boats of the Fire-ships, we had pre- Richard Browne, Sir Henry Sir Heath, Sir

vented the burning of those Ships: But these being JViltiam Air. Crouch, Sir John Knight, Sir

burned, as soon as the Tide turned, they went back, William Doyley, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Sir John

and made no Attempt after." Mallett, Mr. Air. Henry Coventry, Mr. Street, Sir

" I had, in the Alorning before this Action, received Walter Young, Sir Robert Mr. Pryn, Sir

his Majesty’s Command to return to London', but I Charles Harbord, Dr. Buncell, Sir Edward Masters, Sir thought it most for his Service to stay, till the Attempt John Morton, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Richard Ford, Air. was over: And then, having left upon the Place the Jones, Col. Birch, Mr. Will. Harbord, Sir Nich.

Earl of Carlisle, and the Earl of Middleton, to command Col. Kirby, Sir John Berkenhead, Sir Clifford Clifton, Air. there until further Order, I came away about Eight in Ratclffe, Mr. Gray, Mr. George, Sir John Talbott, Sir the Evening; and, by Two in the Alorning, arrived at John SerjeantScys, Col. Miltward, Air.

London." and all that serve for and Middlesex: And they

are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock The House, upon reading the Narrative of the Duke in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to con-of Albemarle, finding Commissioner Pett charged with sider of a Clause to indemnify the Warden of the great and high Crimes; and being informed, that he was And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, at Liberty, walking in the Hall;

Ordered, That Commissioner Pett be forthwith appre- A Complaint being made to the House, of a Grievance Milford hended, and brought to the Bar of this House; to answer on the People, by exacting an illegal Tax for maintaining ous

such Alatters, as shall be demanded of him. a pretended Light-house at Milford Haven, by colour " ou$

Commissioner Pett being accordingly brought to the of some Grant from his Majesty;

Bar; and such Alatters of the Narrative of the Duke of Ordered, That this Alatter be referred to the Com-Albemarle, as did concern him, being read; he declared mittee of Grievances, to examine at their Aleeting on that many of the Alatters objected against him were Wednesday next; and that the Patent concerning this new; and desired Time to give Answer thereunto: And, pretended Tax be then produced: And the Committee being withdrawn, are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That the Narratives of his Highness Prince Rupert, and his Grace the Duke of Albemarle, A Bill for assessing the Taxes of certain Fen Lands Bedford be transferred to the Committee appointed to examine in Bedford Level, was reported by the Lord Ancram; — Level, the Afiscarriage of the late War; and that the Alatter that the Committee had only altered the name of one concerning Commissioner Pett be referred to the further Place: Which being read, and agreed,

Examination of that Committee: And that they do sit Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with this Amendment, this Afternoon. be ingrossed.

Resolved, &c. That the Lieutenant of the Tower, now present, to whom Commissioner Pett is Prisoner, do take Ordered, That the Petition of Colonel Sandys be refer- Sandy*’ Peti-care to have him in Readiness, and produce him to be red to the former Committee; who are hereby revived. Uon examined, as Occasion shall require.

Ordered, That the Attendance of the Lord Chief Justice, at the Committee concerning Juries, be excused this Afternoon; and that Sir John Heath, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Trevor, Mr. MusAir. Crouch, Sir William Lowther, and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Somersetshire, are added to the Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Lunce, 4° Novembris, 1667.

FREDERICK Storr did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for settling the Aleasures of Wine, and the 'Vine Mea-Aleasures and Prices of Ale, Beer, and other Liquors; sures> &c-and also the Aleasures of Corn and Grain; was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Air.

Pryn, Mr. Hide, Mr. John Morton, Mr. Ornie, Sir William Lowther, Col. Birch, Mr. Crouch, Sir Richard Breames, Dr. Burwell, Sir Edward Masters, Mr. Finch,

Sir Robert Carr, Sir Phillipp WarwickSir Robert Barn-ham, Col. Birch, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Coriton, Sir Walt. Young, Mr. King, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir William Coventry, Sir John Berkenhead, Sir John Knight, Mr. Jay, Mr. Pepis, Col. Reames, Sir Solomon Szcale, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Air. Hunger-

ford, Sir James Thynn, Mr. Dozc Lord George, Lord Ancram, Mr. Gray, Mr. Morris, Sir Richard Oaleley, Mr. Plcydall, Mr. Spencer, Sir Charles Harbord,

Air. Pepis: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Thursday next, in the Exchequer

Chamber,

is*

0-

Iff-

t i,-: ’

i -

i;:

r*.l f»r'

s\ ,’i

h.

ut :i c* j

E" lx

lr:

ir'j

p*’- ’

L<

b;

11

i.

i, r

ir i

r

i>:

c

Iicise.

Miscarriage: el the War.

State of Trade.

Committee el Privileges

Mlick

Aceompts*

19 Car. II. 4° — 6° Novembris. 15

Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Farmers of the Duty of Excise, payable to his Majesty in London, Middlesex, and Surry, was read.

The Question being put, That this Petition Should be referred to a Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary Morrice reports, that in Obedience to the Orders of this House, he had searched, and found out such Papers and Letters, as he had, relating to the Miscarriage of the late War.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Morris do cause the Letters to be delivered in to the Chairman of the Committee appointed to examine the Miscarriages of the late War.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider whether the Rates on English Commodities are not enhanced, and wherein, and how much; and also of atl Advance of Rates to be imposed on Goods and Wares imported from Foreign Parts, to recompence that Damage; and how the Ballance of Trade may be made even; and how to improve the Exportation of our Home Commodities: Also, to consider of a Way to encourage the planting and sowing of Hemp and Flax; and to discourage the wearing and using of Foreign Commodities; and how to prevent the Exportation of Wool in Foreign Parts: As also, to inquire whether there be any Abuses committed in dispensing with the Penalties imposed upon the Offences in the Exportation of Wool; and whether there be any Patent extant concerning this Matter: If any such be, that the same be brought in to this Committee: Who are also to consider, whether there be any Foreign Imposition laid on our Shipping, and how it may be remedied: And also, to prepare an Address to be presented to his Majesty, to encourage the Wearing and Use of our Native and Home Commodities; and to prevent the Inconveniences by the excessive Consumption of Foreign Commodities: And to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House; viz. Sir John Knight, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Jolly, Col. Birch, Mr. Pryn, Sir Edward Massey, Sir Henry Capcll, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Crouch, Serj. Scis, Sir Robert Burnham, Sir T/tonias Sir William

Doylcy, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Sir John Shaw, Col. lleamcs, Sir John Pelham, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Roxdattd Berkley, Mr. Seymour, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Rob Howard, Sir Downing, Sir William Doyley, Mr. Jones, Mr.

Mr. Morrice, Sir William Lowther, Sir Irby, Sir

John Morelon, Sii Thomas Gower, Lord Ancram, Mr. Jones, Sir Thcoph. Biddoph, Sir William Thompson, Sir John Fredricke, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Timothy Ter-

rill, Mr. Jay, Sir Thomas Mceres, and all the Merchants of this House: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber; and to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir William Thomas, Mr.

Sir Edm. Littleton, Col. Hollis, Sir John Austin, Sir Thomas Osborne, Mr. Street, Sir Nidi. be added

to the Committee of Elections and Privileges.

Ordered, That Mr. lung, and Air. Rigby, be added to the Committee of Accoinpts.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6® Novembris, 1667.

QO D FRID Van Ittcrnedid this Day take the Oath of Allegiancy and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization,

' Vol. IX.

A Petition of the Blacksmiths of the Town of Ciren- Hearth-cester, in the County of Gloucester, was read. money Tax.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be committed to Mr.

George, Mr. Coventry, Sir William Lewis, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Moreton, Mr.

Weld, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Finch, Mr. Orme, Mr.

Morris, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Pryn, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir William Lowther, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir John Holland, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Musgrave, Sir James Mr. Sxdnfen,

Mr. Westphdling, Mr. King, Sir George Downing, Sir

William Portman, Sir Henry Ccesar, Sir Edward Masters, ‘Mr. Lovelace, Mr. Doadswell, Sir John Berken-head, Sir John Brampston, Sir Jonathan Trelawny, Sir Edmund Windham, Sir Solomon Swale:And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next, 'at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber; and to examine the Matter of the Petition; and also to peruse the several Acts in Force, concerning Hearth-money; and to receive Information, and to examine, what Abuses and Grievances have been committed on the People in collecting this Duty', and how the same may be remedied; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir Thomas Higgons reports from the Committee to Wood-which the Bill to prevent Abuses and Extortion of Wood- mongers and mongers, and others, was committed, several Votes and Inn-h0W<"* Resolves of the Committee; as also the Report from the Attorney General; and that the Abuses mentioned therein had been verified before this Committee: Which Reports, Votes, and Resolves, are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that the Charter of incorporating the Wood-mongers is illegal.

Resolved, 8tc. That the said Charter is a Grievance to his Majesty’s People, and not to be continued.

Ordered, Theft the Committee formerly appointed be revived: And that they do consider of the Crimes andf Abuses committed by the Woodmongers, by colour of their illegal Charter; and to draw them into Heads; and to present them to the House, that the Offenders may be punished: And to propose Expedients to prevent the like A buses for the future; and that Coal and Wood may be sold at easy Rates: And they are to meet at the Place formerly appointed.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee ap- Thefts and pointed to advise with the Lord General for the Securing Robberies, of the Highways against Thefts and Robberies, several Proposals agreed for that Purpose; which he read in his Place; and, after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That this Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee Earl of cia-appointed to draw up the Heads of the Accusations against rendon's Im-the Earl of Clarendon, several Particulars brought in by Peacijment* several Members, amounting, in the Whole, to Seventeen; which he read: And another Particular, touching the Dividing of the Fleet, being delivered in, and added to the rest; and the Heads again read at the Table, and the Matter debated;

The Question being put, That the Heads of the Accusations brought in against the Earl of Clarendon b6 referred to a Committee to take the Proofs, and report;

The House was divided.

for the Yeas 128.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers.

Col. Birch — - - -Sir Thomas Clergis - -$

Tellers.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved\

16

6° — -7° No

A. 1667.

Earl of Cla* Resolved, & c. That the House do now proceed on the IVrr rant o's to be discharged, or Prosecution thereupon reudorfs Im- Heads of the Accusations. 0 F

peac mtn . And the first Five Heads being read; which, with the rest of the Heads of Accusation, are as followeth; viz.

1. That the Earl of Clarendon hath designed a Standing Army to be raised, and to govern the Kingdom

to cease.

15. That he procured the Bills of Settlement for

I and received great Sums of Money for the same, in most corrupt and unlawful Manner. w 16. That he hath deluded and betrayed his Majesty,

thereby; advised the King to dissolve this present Par- and the Nation, in Foreign Treaties and Negotiations, liament; to lay aside all Thoughts of Parliaments for relating to the late War; and discovered and betrayed the future; to govern by a military Power; and to his secret Counsels to his Enemies, maintain the same by free Quarter and Contribution. 17. That he was a principal Author of the fatal

2. That he hath, in the Hearing of many of his Ma- Counsel of dividing the Fleet, about June 1666. jesty’s Subjects, falsely and seditiously said, that the Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of this King was in his Heart a Papist, popishly affected; or Matter be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Words to that Effect.

3. That he hath received great Sums of Money for passing the Canary Patent, and other illegal Patents; and granted illegal Injunctions to stop Proceedings at Law against them, and other illegal Patents formerly granted.

4. That he hath advised and procured divers of his Majesty's Subjects to be imprisoned, against Law, in remote Islands, Garisons, and other Places; thereby, to

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 7° Novembris, 1667.

ORDERED, That Mr. Haw, Sir Richard Oately, Committee Sir Mr. Sir Sir of Privileges.

troduce Precedents for imprisoning any other of his Majesty's Subjects in like Manner.

5. That he hath corruptly sold several Offices, contrary to Law.

6. That he procured his Majesty’s Customs to be farmed at under Rates, knowing the same; and great pretended Debts to be paid by his Majesty, to the Payment of which his Majesty was not in Strictness bound;

Richard Lee, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Sir

Paicle, Sir Thomas Carew, Sir Nicholas Sir

Richard Maleverer, Sir Norton Knatchbold, Mr. Robert

Spencer, Lord Navbourough, Sir Thomas Mr.

Peregrene Barty, Sir Richard Lewis, Mr. Dennis, Lord Castleton, Mr. Gold, Sir Phillip Sir Hairy

Capell, Mr. Robert Thomas, Sir Herbert Price, Lord Mandeville, Sir Edzoard Wise, Sir John Strozrde, Col.

and hath received great Sums of Money for procuring Whitley, Sir Henry Wood, Sir Richard Sir

William Kiltigrew, Sir John Mailed, Mr. Andrew New-

port, Sir Francis Compton, Mr. Banister Mainard, be

the same.

7. That he received great Sums of Money from the Company of Vintners, or some of them, or their Agents, for enhancing the Prices of Wines; and for freeing of them from the Payments of legal Penalties, which they had incurred.

8. That he hath, in Short time, gained to himself a greater Estate than can be imagined to be lawfully gained in so Short a time; and, contrary to his Oath, hath procured several Grants, under the Great Seal,

from his Majesty, to himself, and his Relations, of se- ,

veralof His Majesty’s Lands, Hereditaments, and Leases; Committee touching the Pest-houses at Cambridge. to the Disprofit of his Majesty.

That he introduced an arbitrary Government in

added to the Committee of Elections and Privileges.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out a Warrant to BamstabI. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing Wnt-a new Member to serve for the Tow n of Barnstable, in the room of Sir John Chichester, deceased.

Ordered, That the Members that do serve for Cam- Cambridge bridgeshire, Norfolk, and Suffolke, be added to the Pest-houses.

9

his Majesty’s Plantations; and hath caused such as complained thereof before his Majesty and Council, to be long imprisoned for so doing.

10. That he did reject and frustrate a Proposal and Undertaking, approved by his Majesty, for the Preservation of Nevis and St. Christophers, and reducing the French Plantations to his Majesty’s Obedience, after the (Commissions were drawn up for that Purpose; which was the Occasion of our great Losses and Damages in those Parts.

That he advised and effected the Sale of Dunkirk being Part of his Majesty’s Dominions; together with the Ammunition, Artillery, and all Sorts of Stores there; and for no greater Value than the said Ammunition, Artillery, and Stores, were worth.

12. That the said Earl did unduly cause his Majesty’s Letters Patents, under the Great Seal, to one Dr. Croucher, to be altered, and the Enrollment thereof to be unduly razed.

13. That he hath, in an arbitrary Way, examined, and drawn into Question, divers of his Majesty’s Sub-

11.

to the French King,

An ingrossed Bill for the taxing and assessing of the Bedford Lands of the Adventurers within the great Level of the Level. Fens; and one Amendment, agreed, on the Question, and made at the Table; and a Proviso, ingrossed, being twice read, and, on the Question, agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that.

Title shall be, An Act for the Taxing and Assessing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the great Level of the Fens.

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee to Assigning which the Bill for assigning Debts in the Exchequer, Exchequer was committed, a Clause to be added, and some Amendments to be made, to the Bill: Which being read, and debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to the former Committee: Who are hereby revived; and do sit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed: And they are impowered to prepare, and bring in, a Clause of Allowance of a reasonable Fee for making Assignments.

jects, concerning their Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels, and Properties; determined thereof at the Council Table; and stopped Proceedings at Law, by Order of the Council Table; and threatened some that pleaded the Statutes of 17 Car. I.

14. That he hath caused Q s to be issued out against most of the Corporations of England, imme-

The House then resumed the Matter, upon the Pro* Thefts and posals of securing of the Highways from Thefts and Robberies. Robberies: . being again read and debated;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee, formerly appointed to advise with the Lord General; to consider of the Proposals; and to prepare, and bring in a Bill; and also an Address, to be presented unto his

diately after their Charters were confirmed by Act of Majesty, according to the said Proposals: And the espe-Parliament; to the Intent he might receive great Sums of cial Care of it be recommended to Colonel Birch: And Money from them, for renewing their Charters; which the Committee is hereby revived; and they are to sit at when they complied withal, he caused the said Quo Two a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

i§ A Bill

19 Car. II. 76 — 8° — 90 Novembris. 17

pluralities. A Bill to restrain Pluralities, and to augment the Stipend of Vicars and Curates, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on Saturday next.

Restraints on Ordered, That Mr. Lee, and the Gaoler of Newgate,

unes' and such others, that were appointed to attend the Committee of Juries Yesterday, are to attend on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Earl of ( The House then resumed the further Consideration of Impeach- ^le Heads of the Accusation delivered in against the Earl meat. of Clarendon. *

Die Veneris, 8° 1667-

Committees TiRD ERED, That these Members following be

"We<1’ added to the Committee, to which Mr. Taylour's

‘ Petition was committed; and that the Committee be revived, and do sit in the Afternoon; viz. Sir John,

Mr. Rigby, Sir Thomas Clergis, Mr. Norden, Mr. Whitaker, Sir John Covett, Mr. John Elliott, Sir Lewis,

Col. Birch, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Hobby, Col. Phillipps, Sir James Thy fin, Sir Richard Browne, Mr. Ratclffe, Mr. Sir Walter Young,

Mr. George Clerke, Sir William Coventry, Sir John Monton, Sir William Smith, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Maimed, Sir Edmund Windam, Sir Knatchbold, Sir Clifford Clifton.

(Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, which were discontinued,

be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Dispatch of Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to consider Public of Obstructions in Dispatch of publick Business, be re-Business. vived; and that they do, in particular, consider of a Penalty on such Members as make Default in coming to Prayers.

Privilege — Ordered, That the Report concerning Freedom of Spe^h11 Speech in Parliament be made on Tuesday Morning next.

Trade with Ordered, That these Members following be added to Scotland, the Committee concerning the Balance of Trade between England and Scotland; viz. Sir John Knight, Col. , Sir John Talbott, Sir Thomas Allen, Lord Sir

John Corryton, and all the Members that serve for the County of Lancaster.

Damley’s, Ordered!, That Katherine Darnley, an Infant, Katherine kc. Nau the Wife of Francis Ay tough, and John their Son, and

Infant be inserted in the Bill of Naturalization.

Clandestine A Bill against clandestine Marriages was read the First Marriages. tjnie

Rcsclrcd,&c. That the Bill be read a Second time on Thursday next.

Peterborough Serjeant Charltm reports from the Committee of Pri-Llection. vileges and Elections, the Case between Sir Vere Fane, and the Lord Fitzxrilliams, touching the Election of the City of Peterborough; that all the Inhabitants, which pay Scotland Lot, have Voices in Election; and that the Lord Fitzxcilliams had the Majority of Voices, though Sir /'ere Fane were returned by the Bailiff’of the City; and that the Committee was thereupon of an Opinion that the Lord Fitzxcilliams was duly elected, and ought to sit; and that the Bailiff’hud made an undue Return.

Resolved, Sic. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Lord Fitzxcilliams was duly elected, and ought to sit.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown, and the Bailiff of Peterborough, do attend with the Record in the House, that it may be mended: -Vo i. IX.

And they accordingly attended at the Table. The Name of Sir Vere Fane was razed out, and the Name of the Lord Fitzuillianu inserted.

The Bailiff being, after, called in; and kneeling at the Bar, acknowledged his Offence in making the undue Returns; and that he did it through Ignorance. And, having had the Reproof of the House, from Mr. Speaker, was discharged.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter Earl of upon the Heads of Accusation against the Earl of Clarendon'*

Clarendon. mentl^*

Resolved, &c. That this House have sufficient Induce- 1 mentto impeach the Earl of Clarendon.

The First Head of the Accusation being read;

The Question on that being, Whether the Earl of Clarendon Should be impeached of Treason, or not;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of this Matter be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 9° Novembris, 1667.

R D E R ED, That it be referred to Mr. Rigby, Sir Post Office. Charles Harbord, Mr. Boscaxven, l)r. Arras, Sir Slaning, Sir John Bennett, Mr Westph Lord

shaw. Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Moreton, Lord Ancram, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Corryton, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Trevor, Sir Edmund Windham, Sir John Stroade, or any Live of them, to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to regulate Abuses and Exactions in the Post Office: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable Jane and Henry Perlcins to ensure Dr.Wharton’* Dr. Whartons Land, purchased in the County Palatine Estate, of Durham, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

Upon several Complaints of great Abuses and Exactions Hackney committed by Hackney Coachmen; Coachmen.

Ordered, That it be recommended to S\r Charles Harbord, and Sir John Denham, to put the Laws in Execution against Hackney Coachmen.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Clothing the Matter upon the Debate in the House, for impower- Trade, ing the Magistry of the principal Clothing Towns to have several Seals, to affix to such Woolen Cloaths as are right and honestly made; and to consider of any other Matter or Proposal, which shall be offered, to encourage the Cloathing Trade, and regulate Abuses therein, by using Seals, 6r otherwise; and to inspect the Laws in Force relating to this Matter; Mr. Coventry, Sir Thomas Bludxvorih, Sir Edward Massey, Mr. Sir

John Moreton, Mr. Ratclffe, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr.

Pryn, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Hungerjord, Sir Thomas

Clergis, Col Birch, Sir James Thynn, Sir,

Mr. George, Mr. Thomas Goxver, Sir Charles Harbord,

Sir George Doxvninge, Sir Solloman Swale, Sir William

Laris, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Boscaxcen, Sir Charles Wheeler, and all the Members that serve for Gloucestershire, Worcestershire, Cornacall, Kent, Yorkshire, and Shropshire: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion being made touching the Patent of the Mer- Merchant chant Adventurers, that the same is very destructive to Adventurer*, the Cloathing Trade;

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Patent of the Society of the Merchant Adventurers, whether the same

E be

i8

9

iv

Novembris.

A. 1667.

be a Grievance or Benefit to the People, be taken Into Debate on this Day Sevennight.

Miscarriage* of the War.

A Petition of Dr. Peter Chamberlaine was read. Encouraging Resolv&c. That it be referred to Dr. Arras, Mr. Navigation. Pryn, Dr. Burwett, Mr. Coleman, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Sir Robert Brookes reports from the Committee for Solomon Swale, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Talbott, Mr. examining the Miscarriages of the late War, that the George, Col. Kirby, Mr. King: And they are to consider Committee had agreed upon Two Votes to be reported of the Petition; and to bring in a Bill thereupon, if they to the House: Which are as followeth; viz. think fit: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of

That the Committee do likewise move the House, the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

that an Address be sent to his Royal Highness, that he would be pleased to let the House know, what Orders he gave for the fortifying of Sheemesse; and to whom, and when.

That the Committee do humbly move the House, that some of their Members be commanded to go and sit

A Bill against Pluralities, was read the Second time.

’ Resolved, &c. That the Committee be appointed to Mr. Pryn, Sir Charles Wheeler, Dr. Burrell, Sir Walter Young, Sir Courtney Poole, Serjeant Charleton, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Pepis, Six Thomas Allen, Six Anthony Irby,

Pluralities.

at Trinity House;to examine and find out the Abuses of Sir Robert Holt, Sir George Reeve, Sir William Lewis,

Tickets and other Miscarriages relating to the late War. Sir Birkenhead, Mr. Mr Sir Henry

The First Votes being read, and debated; Yelverton, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thomas Clerges, Sir Henry

Resolved, &c. That an Address be made to his Royal Sir Tho. Osborne, Sir Edward Masters, Serjeant

Highness the Duke of Yorke, by Lord Ancran, Sir Robert Mr. Crouch, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Gower,

Brookes, Sir Phillipp Musgrave, Sir William Coventry, to Col. Stroud, Lord Richardson, Sir EdmundPye, S ir Lane. desire his Highness, that he will be pleased to let the House Mr Mr. Street, Sir Ld-

know, what Orders he gave for the fortifying of Sheere-mund Windham, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Robert Carr,

Earl of Clarendon's Impeachment.

Committees*

nesse, and to whom, and when.

The House then resumed the Matter of the Debate upon the First Head of Accusation against the Earl of

Clarendon.

The Question being put, That the Earl of Clarendon, upon the First Head of Accusation, be impeached of Treason;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Six Thomas Osborne - -7

(, > for Yeas, 103.

Mr. Seymour . ... .\

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Consideration of the rest of the Heads be adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to meet this Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Places formerly appointed. And all Persons that were to attend any Committee, are to give their Attendance accordingly.

Mr. Marvell, Mr. Jay, Sir Hum. Lord Fitzwil-

hams, Mr Orme, Sir Thomas Morres: And all that come

are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the rest Earl of of the Heads of Accusation against the Earl of Clarendon: Clarendon'*

And the several Heads being read, to the Sixteenth Head; the Sixteenth Head was read.

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " and discovered and betrayed his secret Counsels to his Enemies," be added to that Head.

The Question being propounded, That it may be declared, by the Members that gave the Inducement for this Head, whether they received Information from a Foreigner, or not;

And the Question being put, That the Question be put;

It passed in the Negative.

The Sixteenth Head, as amended, was read; and is as followeth;

" That he hath deluded and betrayed his Majesty, and the Nation, in Foreign Treaties and Negociations relating

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Dunce, *11® Novembris, 1

Restraint* on HP HE Question being put, That the Matter referred Juries. JL to the Committee concerning Juries, be suspended till Friday,

It passed in the Negative.

Caron'* A Petition of Margaret Caron was read.

Petition. Resolved, 8cc. That the Petition be referred to Sir

Edmund Windham, Mr. Onslow, Sir Richard Oatcley, Sir Edward Massey, Sir Soloman Swale, Sir Jonathan Tre-laicney, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Henry Wynn, Mr. Marvell,

Mr. Edward Phillipps, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir William Heyward, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir

Charles Harwood, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir Robert Carr,

mm, Sir Robert Holt, Mr Pryn, Sir William Grniiy, Sf riJSTjJlSjf" ,d I } J 01

Sir Gilbert Gerrari, Lord Torrmgton, Sir Tho. Ckrgh: ^Kmoon; and to sit in die Place for-

’ - e - -6 merlyappointed: And all Persons, that were to attend

any Committee, are to give their Attendance then accordingly.

to the late War, and discovered and betrayed his secret Counsels to his Enemies."

The Question being put, That the Earl of Clarendon, upon this Head, be impeached of Treason;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Carr-----7 f v-

Sir Charles Wheeler - -f for the Yeas> l6t"

Sir Robert Brookes ~ - l -vr

Sir nomas AUen - - -| for the Noes’ 83'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

That the Earl of Clarendon, upon this Head, be impeached of Treason.

The Seventeenth Head, being the last Head, was read. Upon Debate of the whole Matter,

Resolved, &c. That an Impeachment of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanours, be carried up to the Bar of the House of Lords, against the Earl of Clarendon.

Resolved, &c. That the House carry up this Impeachment Tomorrow Morning.

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And then they are to summon and hear all Persons concerned; And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. Eight of the Clock.

Car. II.

12® Novembris-

l9

Die Martis, 12* Nocemb. 1667-

Put Office. FjRDERED, That the Members following be added to the Committee touching the Post Office;

vis.Mr. Seymour, Sir Edm. Lord Vaughan, Sir

George Downham, Mr. Weld, Sir Thomas Higgons, Sir Richard Oatley, Lord

i Hearth Ordered, That these Members following be added to 1 Money Tax. the Committee for Examination of Abuses in the levying of Hearth Money; vis. Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr Col. Kirby, Sir John Erott, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir JVHiiam Lewis, Sir John Sir Richard Franklin.

Ratninti on Ordered, That the Committee for examining of Abuses Ivan. in Restraints upon Juries be adjourned till Friday next in the Afternoon; and that the Lord Chief Justice may then attend: And Thomas Tanner, Monour, and

Thomas Poynett, and all other Persons formerly summoned, are then also to attend.

Dr. tHiar- A Bill to enable Jane and Henry Perkins to ensure too'ifjtau. Dr. War tons Land, purchased in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Dr. Burrell, Sir Thomas Gower, Col. Kirby, Sir John Strode, Sir Richard Oateley, S ir John Moreton, Mr. Kent, Sir Talbott, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edmund Walpoole, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Pepis, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Edward Masters, Col. Millward. Sir Henry Ceesar, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Grey, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Yorke and Lancaster: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take care, that Provision be made for the Infant.

Hum A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants, who 1, f*! claim a Right of Common in the Forest of Deane, was read.

And some of the Petitioners, viz. Mr. Coulchester, and Mr. Hall, being called in; and owned the Petition on the Behalf of themselves and the other Petitioners, Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the Petition of Sir John was committed; to examine the Matter of the Petition, and the Injuries and Abuses therein complained of; and reported it, with their Opinions therein, to the House; And that these Members be added to the Committee;

vis.Mr. Crouch, Sir John Moreton, Sir

Sir Anlh. Ierby, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Torrell, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Tho. f Strickland, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Edw. Harlow, Sir John

Eamley, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Edward Masters.

Prifilfge- Mr. Vaughan reports from the Committee to which it tr«Ni of was referred to examine and report the Matter of Speech V,tb' in Parliament, that the Substance of the Information of S' Car, I. in the King’s Bench against Sir John Elliot Knight, Denzill Hollis, and BenjamineVallentine, Esquires, and the Proceedings and Judgment thereupon, be reported to the House.

That the Resolves of the House of Commons upon the

Question, in the Year 1641, concerning the Unlawfulness of the said Proceeding and Judgment, and other unlawful Proceedings against the said Elliot, Hollis, and Valentine, and other Members of Parliament in 3 I. be reported

to the House.

That a Petition of both Houses to the King, in the Year 1641, concerning Privilege of Parliament, be reported to the House.

That the Case published in the printed Reports of Sir George Crooke Knight, concerning the said Judgment,

5* Car. 1"', and the Causes of giving the same, as is published in the said Report be reported to the House.

Vul. IX.

19

That the Act of Parliament in 4* Hen. VIII, commonly titled, An Act concerning Rich.; and

Consequence of the said Judgment 5* Car. I. with relation to the said Act, be reported to the House.

That the said Act 4* Hen. VIII. commonly intituled,

An Act concerning Richard Strowd, is a general Law, extending to indemnify all and every the Members of both Houses of Parliament, in all Parliaments, for and touching any Bill, speaking, reasoning, or declaring of any Matter or Matters in or concerning the Parliament, to be communed and treated of; and is a declaratory Law of the ancient and necessary Rights and Privileges of Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That the House do agree with the Committee, that the Act of Parliament in 4* Hen. VIII. -commonly intituled, An Act concerning Rich. Strowd, is a general Law, extending to indemnify all and every the Members of both Houses of Parliament, in all Parliament, for and touching any Bills, speaking, reasoning, or declaring of any Matter or Matters in and concerning the Parliament, to be communed and treated of; and is a declaratory Law of the ancient and necessary Rights and Privileges of Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of this Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Seymor do carry up an Earl of Cla-Impeachment to the Lords against the Earl of Clarendon, h*

to the Effect following; viz pwe‘UBWt’

My Lords,

The Commons assembled in Parliament, having re- x ceived Information of divers traiterous Practices and Designs of a great Peer of this House, Edward Earl of Clarendon, have commanded me to impeach the said Earl of Clarendon of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanours: And I do here in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of England, impeach Edward Earl of Clarendon of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors. I am further commanded by the House of Commons, to desire your Lordships, that the Earl of Clarendon may be sequestered from Parliament, and forthwith committed to safe Custody. They have further commanded me to acquaint your Lordships, that they will, within a convenient time, exhibit to your Lordships the Articles of the Charge against him.

Ordered, That the Committee for Examination of Miscamaga* Miscarriages do send for, and examine, Sir of the War.

before his Departure out of England.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Pryn, Mr. Earl of Cla-

Sir Thomas Gower, Mr. Steward, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. rendon’s Im-Vaughan, Sir Lancellott Lake, Sir John Birkenhead, or peachment. any Three of them, to see all the Proceedings relating to the Accusation against the Earl of Clarendon, regularly entered in the Journal of this House. /

A Petition of James Herbert Esquire, complaining of Monmouth an undue Return of a Knight to serve for the County of Election. Monmouth, was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and whether the Return comes from the proper Office; and report it to the House.

Resolved, &c. That Sir Trevor Williams, being the Person returned, do sit, till the Election be determined.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Committecof the Committee of Privileges and Elections; viz. Mr. Privilege*. George, Sir Edward Bower, Mr. Wiliam Mounlague, Sir John Shaw.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock,

20

i3° — 14° — 15°

A.1667.

Die Mercuni, 13® 1667.

Carl of Clarendon's Impeachment.

Trade with Scotland.

n^HOMAS Armstrong Esquire, and Jacob Regnier, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Edward Seymour reports, that, according to the Direction of the House, he had attended the Lords; and delivered them the Impeachment against the Earl of Clarendon: And that the Lords had returned this Answer; that they would take the Message into speedy Consideration; and send an Answer to it by Messengers of their own.

Sir John Knight having made Report to the House, from the Committee appointed to consider of a Way for settling and balancing of Trade between England and Scotland; and the same being debated; and the House finding it a Matter of great Weight and Difficulty;

Resolved, &c. That Wednesday and Friday Morning every Week, from Ten of the Clock, be set apart for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the general Balance of Trade; and in particular, the settling the Balance of Trade between England and Scotland: And that the House do, for that Purpose, resolve into a Committee of Trade, on Friday next, at Ten of the Clock.

Privilege — Ordered, That *, Clerk of Woodmongers Com-

A person dis- pany, be discharged of his Commitment to the Serjeant

cX "Arms, paying his r«».

Charges

against

Pelt.

Resolved, &c. That Leave be given to speak against the Order made Yesterday, concerning Commissioner Pett.

Resolved, &c. That the Order made Yesterday concerning Commissioner Pett, be discharged.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee appointed to examine Miscarriages, to draw up an Impeachment against Commissioner Pett, upon the whole Matter before them.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for Assigning assigning Exchequer Debts, was committed to, be Exchequer revived; and do sit this Afternoon. Debts.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were discon- Committee*; tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Report, concerning Freedom of Privilege-Speech in Parliament, be taken into Consideration on Freedom of Monday next. Speech.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Committee of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Mr. Paw- Privileges. lett St. John, Mr. Garraway, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir

Phillipp Terwhite, Sir Walter St. John, Lord Auer am,

Mr. PeircyGoreing, Mr. Lucy, Sir Wi Thomas, Major

Gen. Edgerton, Mr. Puller, Sir John DSir Robert Holt, Lord Nexvborrough, Sir Richard Franklin, Lord

Torrington, Mr. Dunstar, Mr. Henry Sir Hen.

Felton, Sir John Frcdcricke, Sir George Sir

Hearle, Mr. Rashity, Mr. Speccott, Mr. Hum. Weld, Mr.

John Elliott, Sir Thomas Carew, Lord

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

A Report being made by Sir Robert Brookes, from the Committee of Miscarriages, in reference to Commissioner Pett;

Resolved, See. That the Matter concerning Commissioner Pett be re-committed to the Committee appointed 2)ie Veneris, 13° Novembris, 1667.

to inquire after the Miscarriages of the late W ar; to hear

such Witnesses as shall be offered to them; and to expe- A COMPLAINT being made, that one If alter - Privilege, dite their Report. _rY. naby had, in Breach of Privilege of Parliament,

caused Sir Cecill Bishopp, a Member of this House, to be And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow gerve(j a Writ of Subpoena, to appear in Chancery,

Morning, Eight of the Clock. at s Suit;

..... ..... — . — ----- — Ordered, That the said Walter Carnaby be, for his

xv t , ,« -kt i , /?/-_ Breach of Privilege, in causing Sir a Mem-

Die Jovis, 14 Novembris, 1667. ber of this House, to be served with a Subpoena, taken

Harris’, &c. \ PETITION of Henry Harris, AUixander Har- in Custody by the Serjeant at Arms.

Petition*

Palmes’

Eilat*.

Lindsey

Level.

Privilege-Arresting a Witness.

wood, William Langley, John W°Jls, and Mat hero Hatton, on the Behalf of themselves and others, late In-bitants near the Tower of London, was read.

A Bill for the exchanging certain Manors and Lands of William Palmes Esquire, for other Lands settled upon him and his Issue by Mary his Wife, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill concerning the Draining of Lindsey Level, was tendered, and some Debate had thereupon.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read on Saturday next.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, in arresting, and detaining in Custody, one William Bateman, that Should attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to give his Testimony touching the Elections for the Town of Haverfordwest.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege; and that the Officer, in Whose Custody the said Bateman is, do bring the said Bateman to attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections, at their next Sitting.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke be added to the Committee Hf(lrth-nioney to which the Blacksmiths Petition is committed; and Tux. that the Committee be impowered to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Bill for inclosing, and converting to Pasture, several Hampton Fields in the Manor of Hampton Bishopp, in the County Bishopp in-of Hereford, was read the First time. closure.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, on Monday, next.

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor, and Dr. Arras, be added Dr.Wharton* to the Committee, to which Dr. Whartons Bill was Estate, committed.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Hig- Fost Office. gons, and all the Members that serve for London, and the Out Ports, be added to the Post Office.

the Committee concerning

o

Impeachment of Pett.

Ordered, That Col. Birch and Col. Kirby be added Encouraging to the Committee, to which Dr. Chamberlains Petition Navigation, is committed: And the Committee is revived: And it is referred to any Three of them: And they are to sit A Motion being made, and a Debate arising upon the on Monday next.

Vote made Yesterday, for re-committing the Matter concerning Commissioner Pett to the Committtee appointed Ordered, That the Committee concerning Juries be Restraints on to inquire after Miscarriages, to hear such Witnesses as impowered to inquire into the Miscarriages of Judges and Junes. Should be offered, and expedite their Report; Juries in civil Causes, as well as criminal.

18

A Message

O

Tf

19 Car. II. i 50 — x6° — 18° Novembris.

21

A Ale^njie from the Lords, by Sir Justinian and Mr. Munotjord Brampston;

Lir*desire' Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a Conference with this

lum'ertnce Home, at Eleven of the Clock this Morning, in the Painted ' Chamber, concerning the Desires oi thus House to their Lordships, on the Impeachment of the Karl ot Clarendon.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker Tuforms them, that the House had agreed to the Conference desired.

Deaw Forest. Mr. Harbord, reports from the Committee, to which the Petition of ISir John Wintour, and another Petition ot* the Inhabitants, who claim Right of Common in the Purest ot Deane, was committed; that they had consi-deied of the whole Matter; and agreed on a Resolve; which he opened in the House.

Resolved, &c. That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury he desired to give Directions, for Stay of all further Proceedings upon the Commission lately issued out of the Exchequer, touching the Forest of Deane, till the matter here depending be further examined.

I/Tfmbrpc’i

htiiie.

American

PiauLUucs.

A bill for settling certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements of Sir 1 he.Leventhorpe baronet, in the Counties

ot Hertford and Sussex, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, on Monday next.

A Petition of Sir Paule Painter Knight,

Georges Gentleman, and others, on Behalf of themselves and others; concerning his Majesty’s Plantations in

rica-. and the Paper of certain Heads and Particulars relating thereto, and annexed to the Petition; was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition, and Paper annexed, be committed to the Committee of the whole House appointed to take into Consideration the general Balance of Trade; and that the Clerk of this House do deliver Copies thereof to such Persons as shall desire the same, 01; the llehall of the Royal Company, or other Persons concerned; who are to deliver in their Answer thereto, in Writing, by this Day Sevennight: And that the Royal Company do then cause their Charter to be brought in.

M of Ola- Ordered, That Mr. Vaugha Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir

mition’sVm- Thomas Gower, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Edw.

MMiuiicuU |)(. appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords, upon the Message touching the Earl of Clarendon.

Mr. Vaughan reports from the Conference with the Lords, that they had attended the Conference: And that the Karl of Oxford, having read a Vote of tire Lords House, had also delivered the same in Writing, to be communicated to this House: Which lie read; and, alter, delivered it at the Clerk’s Table: And the Vote, being again read, is as followeth; viz.

Die Jovis, 140 N 1667.

" Resolved, upon the Question, that the Lords have not complied with the Desires of the House of Commons, concerning the Commitment of the Earl of Clarendon, and sequestering him from Parliament; because the House of Commons have only accused him of Treason in general; and have not assigned or specified any particular Treason."

Resolved, & c. That the further Consideration of the V ote, delivered at the Conference with the Lords touching the Earl of Clarendon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

s

Committee of Ordered, That these Members following be added to £tmons. j[ie Committee of Elections; Colonel Norton, Mr. Buck-land, Mr. Guilford, Mr. Sir John Terrell, Mr.

Waldron, Mr. Nicho. Morric

And then the Flouse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 16’ Novembris, 1667.

A BILL for settling the Draining of Lindsey Level Lindsey was read. Level.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next come Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Thurlabe added to the Carroone’* Committee concerning Carroone Flouse. Petition.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the - Merchant Ad- Merchant venturers be taken into Consideration on Thursday next. Adventurers.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Lords Vote Karl of Cla-concerning the Earl of Clarendon. Which was read again. rendonj* Non-Resolved, Sec. That a Committee be appointed, to Commitment, draw up the Reasons of the present Proceedings of this House, with the Lords, concerning the Earl of Clarendon; viz. Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Edmond JValpoole, Mr. Pryn, Sir William Low t her, Mr.

Sir Robert Howard, Sir 7 ho.Littleton, Mr. Edward Seymour, Mr. Waller, Sir '/'ho. Gower, Sir Rich Temple,

Lord St.John, Lord Vaughan, Sir 7 Osborne, Sir Ro-

bert Carr, Mr. Swynjcn, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Gar noway; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That these Alernbers following be added to the Committee of Committee of Elections: viz.Sir I hairy Vernon, Sir Henry Election*.

Newton, Sir Edward Holy, Mr. Air. Edw.

Bnscawen, Col. 11 anch/in. Sir 7 'ho. BlSir Norton

Knatchhold, Sir Walter Vcunge, Sir John Fogg.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Aforning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 18° Novembris, 1

/~1RDERED, That Air. Dcvenishbe taken into Cus- Privilege — tody of the Serjeant at Arms, lor ids Abuse, and Committed Breach of Privilege, in taking away by Force, and detaining, the Book ot Causes in Chancery, iruin the Servant ol Air. GotdesbroughClerk of this House, in the Registers

Office; and refusing to restore it, contrary to the Order and Direction of the Lord Keeper.

Ordered, That Air. Tanner, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Robert Committee of Leighton, Sir Justinian Isham, Sir William Og/Air. Privileges.

Eagg, Mr. Butler, AI r. 7 'urges, Lord Ancram, Sir Edward

Thurland, Sir John Tujton, be added to the Committee of Elections and Privileges.

Ordered, That these Alernbers following be added to Carroone'* the Committee to which Air. Carroone's Petition was com- Petition,

mitted; viz. Sir Edw. Windham, Sir Edward Thurland,

ColonelSandys, Mr. Robert Leighton, Alr./7 Sir

William Doyley, Mr. Outway, Sir Joh Air.

A Bill for settling certain Lands and Tenements of Sir Leventhorpe’* Thomas Leventhorpe Baronet, in the Counties of ^stat*’

and Essex, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Lord Richardson, Sir William Ljrwther, Mr. Rigby, Sir 7 Tomp kins. Air.Steward, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Kent, Mr. King,

Sir Charles Harhord, Sir Eduard Massey, Sir Richard

L'ranklyn, Mr. Westpha/ing, Sir 7 'hGower, Sir Soltoman Swale, Dr. Burrell, Sir William Hickman, Sir Tho7nas Allen, Sir Edmund Windham, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir John Heath, Colonel Sandys, Sir Phillip Warwicke, Sir Henry Casar, Sir Franc. Compton, and all that serve for the Coun- ' ties of Essex and Hertfordshire :And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. IX.

F A Bill

18° — 190 Novembris.

A. 1667.

*C

Palme’*

E»UU.

Haverfordwest Election.

Petition of Inhabitants near the Tower.

A Bill for the exchanging certain Manors and Lands of jriUiamPalmes Esquire, for other Lands, settled upon him, and his Issue by Mary his Wife, was read the Second time. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir. liam Lend her, Sir Thomas Gower, Mr. Steward, Mr. King,

Dr. Burwell, Sir Edward Master, Sir Robert. , Sir

Hairy Wood, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir Edward Massey, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Edmund Windham, Sir Rowland Berkley, Col. Mr. Rigby, Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir William LewiMr. Gray, Sir George Dozening, Colonel Kirby, Sir Sir

Winch, SirCliJf'ord Cliff ton, Sir Walter Sis John Heath, Lord Richardson, Sir Tho.

Sir Robert Howard, and all the Members of this House

that serve for the Counties of Yorke, Derby, Nottingham, Limolnc, and Rutland: And they are to meetTo-morrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of the Election concerning llavei'J'ordxvcst, be reported Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants about the Tower of London, whose Houses were burnt down in the late Fire, betaken into Consideration on next.

Privilege — A Member charged with Corruption.

The House being acquainted, that some Persons had informed, that a Member of this House had received a Gratuity of Five hundred Pounds, for promoting the Business of the French Merchants;

Ordered, That Mr. Hartlibb, Mr. and Mr.

Bourchier, be summoned by the Serjeant at Arms, to attend, to give Information touching this Matter.

Earl of Cla- Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee ap-rendon’sN'on- p0jnle(j to draw up Reasons of the present Proceedings ommitoient, tys House yvjtj, the Lords, concerning the Earl of Clarendon, the Reasons agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and, afterwards, being read at the Clerk's Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and are as followeth;

That what can or ought to he done by either House of

The Proceeding of inferior Courts betw een the King and the Subject, or Subject and Subject, and the Disere- ' tien of Judges in such Courts, is bounded and limited by the Discretion of the Parliament., which trusts them; and it is not lett to the Discretion of Judges in ordinary Juris- '

diction, to give the King, or take from him, inconvenient Power for the Subject; nor to dispense the Law partially between Subject and Subject, for Malice and Affection: But the Discretion of the Parliament, w bich is the whole Publick, comprehending the King, Lords, and Commons, (for the King’s Presence is supposed in the

Lords House) is, and ought to be, confined for the Safety and Preservation of the Whole, which is Itself. It cannot be malicious to a Part of Itself, nor affect more Power, than already it hath; which is absolute over Itself, and Parts; and may therefore do, for Preservation of Itself, whatsoever is not repugnant to natural Justice.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard to desire a Confer- Conference ence with the Lords, on the Subject Matter of the last Wltl*

Conference concerning the Earl of Clarendon.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for the Treasury be Deane Forest. desired to move his Majesty, to give Order for Stay of all Proceedings on the Commission issued out in the Exchequer touching the Forest of Deane.

Ordered, That the Report, concerning Freedom of Privilege-Speech in Parliament, be taken into Consideration To- reeo"l# morrow Morning.

o

J ;o

Speech.

Ordered, That the Committee concerning Restraints Restraints on upon Juries be impowered to receive Information, at ^ur*ei' large, against the Lord Chief Justice, for any other Misdemeanours, besides those concerning Juries.

And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Die Mortis, 19° N 1667.

Parliament, is best known by the Custom and Proceeding TANTVernatti, and Claude did

of Parliament in former Times; and that it doth appear *u:~ 1 c--- —

by Example, that, by the Course of Parliament, the Lords have committed such Persons, as have been generally charged by the House of Commons for High Treason, to sale Custody, though the particular Treason hath not been specified at the time of such Charge.

That a Commitment for High Treason in general is a the Miscarriages of the late War, refused to attend; legal Commitment; and, if the Party so committed bring Ordered, That Mr. Mo rrice, for his Contempt, in his Habeas Corpus, and the Cause of his Commitment not attending the Committee appointed to examine the thereupon be returned to be for High Treason, generally; Miscarriages of the late War, be sent for, in Custody of he may be lawfully remanded to Prison, by the Judges, the Serjeant at Arms.

this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table; in order to their Naturalization.

Information being given, that one Mr. Morrice, being prjviic£;e_

summoned to attend the Committee appointed to examine a Wanes*

sent for in Custody.

upon that Return.

If, before securing the Person, the special Matter of the Treason Should be alleged; it would he a ready Course, that all Complices in the Treason might make their Escape; or quicken the Execution of the Treason intended, to secure themselves the better thereby.

If the House of Peers Should require the particular Treason to be assigned, before the Party charged be secured, they leave the Commons uncertain and doubtful (and that from time to time) how particular they must make their Charge, to their Lordships Satisfaction, before the Offender be put under any Restraint.

The Commons conceive, that, if they Should desire the Lords to secure a Stranger, or native Commoner, upon Suspicion of Treason, which the Commoners had of him; and which was by them under Examination, to be evidenced to their Lord ships in due time; their Lordships, in Justice, for the Safety of the King and People, would secure such Person or Persons, upon the Desire of the Commons: And, in such Case, there will be no Difference, in the Consequent, between a Lord, and a Commoner, so desired to be secured.

A Bill for the Payment of the Debts due to the Navy N, Vy Debt*. Creditors was read the First time.

The Question being put, that the Bill be read a Second, time;

The House was divided:

The Y eas went forth.

Tellers,

Herbert )

Steward J Sir Solomon Swale )

Sir Courtney Poole J And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Bill for the general Naturalization of Foreigners, General Na-was read the First time. turaJuadou

Resolved, ike. That the Bill be read the Second time, BllL on this Day

for the Yeas, 58. for the Noes, 3$.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Ilaverford-

be made on Thursday Morning next. west Klee-

tien.

Ordered,

Public

Accompts.

Privilege — Fn*fdom of Speech,

Privilege — A Member charged with CoriupUQu.

Manager* of CouieieocQ.

Rejiaiiing

li^hwdjs.

Committee of Privileges.

Committees.

Caron*

Fulllutt.

Beckham*

Lute.

Aligning 1 iih-^uer

Deals.

! Wtym'uth

I Lice ‘ii.

j C,irnmit;eeof

I Alleges,

19 Car. II. 19°- — 30° — 210 Novembris. 23

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill of Accompts be Sir Thomas reports from the Comipiltee, to Woodmongen

made on Thursday Morning next. which it was referred to examine the Abuses and Exactions

of Wood mongers, That the Committee had agreed to Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report, touch- propose some Matters: Which he opened to the House, ing Freedom of Speech in Parliament, be heard on Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the same Com-Thursday next, at, Ten of the Clock. mittee, formerly appointed for Examination of Abuses

and Exacts complained of in the Ballast Office; and also Mr. St. Hill, being called in to the Bar of the House, to consider of a Way how to provide publick Wharfs; gave his Information, touching the Money given for and to make free and easy the Rates of Lighters, Barges, promoting the Business of the French Merchants, Horses, and Carts, employed in carrying of Fewel; and

Mr. Hartlibb was called in; and examined, also. to report it, with their Opinions herein, to the House-;

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do forthwith and to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, go, and receive from Mr. Hartlibb the List by him

confessed to be in his Hands. Mr. Bourchier being called in, and examined; Privilege

Ordered, That the further Examination of the Business Ordered, That the Twelve Merchants, that did manage A Member

relating to the French Merchants be adjourned till To- the Business relating to the French Merchants, do attend Charged with morrow Morning. the House Tomorrow Morning; and that the Serjeant orruPtloB>

do leave Notice at their several Houses for them to attend.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Order That Mr. and Mr. Bennett do those appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords; attend Tomorrow Morning. viz. Mr. Sui/if'en, Sir Tho. Osborne, Mr. II' alter.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill con- Morning,

cerning Highways, be revived; and Sir Richard Braham

be added to the Committee. . __________ ——

Ordered, That these Members following he added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Mr. Spry, Sir John Hex-ton, Sir FuulkLucy, Col. Grey, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Edward Elliott, Mr. Mr.

Sir Edmund IVindham, Sir Fran Sir William

Hoax’ll, Sir Thomas IVendy, Mr. Mr. John Elliott,

Sir John Newton, Sir Tho. Bid Mr. Duckett, Sir James Smith, Sir Hugh IVindham, Mr. James, Mr. Henley, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Humphry Bennett, Mr. Chetwind, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Nicholas, Mr Robert Mason, Sir John Marley, Mr. John George.

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Die Mercurii,20° N.

ORDERED, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which Mr. Carons Petition was referred; viz.Sir Humphry Sir Nieho. Came, Sir Edzv. Walpoole, Mr. JVhot-wood, Sir Francis IVindham.

A Bill for settling of certain Manors and Lands, late of John Beckham, in the County of Norfolk Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of his Debts, and raising of Portions for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next

An ingrossed Bill for assigning Debts in the Exchequer was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall he, An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer, without Revocation.

Serjeant Charletonreports from the Committee of Elections, touching the Election for the Town of in Dorscttshire, between Sir John Cand Mr that the Committee, upon full Examination of the whole Matter, the Committee were clear of Opinion, that Sir John Coventry was duly elected, and ought to sit.

Resolved, See. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir John Coventry was duly elected, and ought to sit.

Ordered, That Sir John Heath, and Mr. Kent, be added to the Committee of Elections.

Vo 1.IN-

DieJovis, 21° Novembris,

fXRD ERED, That these Members following be Committee of added to the Committee of Elections; Sir John Elections. Bennett, Mr. Choume, Mr. Grey, Sir Bisk, Sir

James Smith, Col. Mill:card.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do sit Committee of on Monday Sevennight. Grievances.

A Bill for making good Recoveries suffered by George Golding’s Golding. Estate.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee, to Public which the Bill for examining and taking the Accompts of Accounts, publick Monies was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and, alter, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which were Twice read; and all the Amendments to the Amendment to # Line, were severally, upon the Question, agreed unto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir 7 and Lords desire

Sir John Coell; a Conference.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference touching the Earl of Clarendon.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, that the House, being in a great Debate, would send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Harvard do go up to the Conference Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter desired with of the last Message: And that it be, at that Conference Lor<is-imparted to the Lords, that the House conceives, there was a Mistake in that last Message; for that it Should have been, for a free Conference, by the usual Course of Proceeding between the Houses.

Sir Robert Howard reports, that the Lords had con-

sented to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly appointed do manage the Conference.

Ordered, That the French Merchants be desired to Persons t« attend Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock. attend.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard, Sir Thomas Meeris, p0*t Office, Mr. Progers, Sir John Coventry, Mr. Air.

.Brunckard, Sir Eduwd Thurland, Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

*4

i i° — 2 a0 — 2 30

A. 1667.

r

Pepis, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. Jay, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. King, be added to the Post Office: And all that come are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mr. Bennett was called in; and gave Information. Mr. Cresset was called in; and gave Information.

Mr. Hartlibb was called in; and again examined.

Mr. Bendish was called in; and gave Evidence.

The other French Merchants was called in; Mr. Teriano, and others, gave Information.-----

Die Veneris, 22° Novembris, 1667-

Committees.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and

Sir Justinian Lat in

JAOSW AY Spiller, the Wife of John Spiller Mer- . Mr- Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill Trials of A chant, born in Gorgia in Greece, did this Day take intituled, An Act for the better regulating of the Trial of PeeiS> &c* the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to her the Peers of England) to which they desire the Concur- , Naturalization. rence of this House: And have consented to Two other

Bills; viz. The Bill concerning the Lord Tmnsend; and the Bill for assigning Exchequer Orders. — - —

Miscarriages of the W ar.

Encouraging

Navigation.

Hilton's

Charities.

Ordered, That the Committees, which were discontinued, be. revived; and do sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee lor inquiring into the Miscarriages of the late War; viz. Sir Waller Younge, Sir John Sir

Edxcard Masters, Mr. Cheyney, Mr. Eliott, Sir Richard Fancklin, Sir John Norton, Mr. Hendley, Mr. William Warlord.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Dr. Chamberlainc's Committee; viz. Sir John Holland, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edxcard Harlow, Mr. Sir

Thomas Allen, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir herbort, Mr.

Seaxcen, Sir John Fredricke, Sir Thomas Meercs, Sir John Maynard.

A Bill for settling the charitable Uses of Henry Hilton, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Dr. Bur

Ordered, That Mr. St. Hill do attend on Monday Privilege-next; and bring in the Book, wherein the Account of a ..Member the Monies raised by the French Merchants is kept; Conujiuou. and also an Account to whom Wines or Monies have been delivered.

The Answer of the Royal Company to the Petition of the Merchants trading to Gainey, and the Paper thereto annexed, as also the Patent, were this Day brought in; and delivered to the Clerk of the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk do cause Copies of the said Answer to be made out of the said Merchants; and do let them have a Sight of the Patent.

Alter the Evidence touching the 5001, given to Mr,

John Ashburnham by the French Merchants was concluded and the Matter debated;

Ordered, That Mr. John Ashburnham, in receiving A Member 500l. from the French Merchants, hath committed an expend. Offence to the Dishonour of this House, and contrary to

WM, SA be dis-

Ditto.

Musgrave, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Sir 67//-

jord Clif ton, Mr. Mort ice, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Pryn, Col. Williams, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Col. Phdlipps, Col. Kirby,

Lord Richardson, Mr. Otway, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Hairy Peckham, Sir William Lowther, Sir Thomas Alien, Mr.

Housey, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. P haling. Sir John Moun-

son, Mr. Pepis, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Mr. Chetxrin, Mr. Cofferer, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Crouch, Mr. Christo. Musgrave, Sir Edm. Bowyer, and all the Members that serve several Counties of Sussex, Yorke, Middlesex, Surrey, Bcrxcick, and New-

castle: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to summon and hear all Persons concerned: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition on the Behalf of the several Parishes of St., Clements Danes of Middlesex, and of Richmond, and Walton upon Thames, in Surry, and Stoning, in Sussex, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the Bill concerning Baron Hilton was committed; to take the Matter of the Petition into Consideration; and report it, with their Opinions therein, lo the House.

charged from his Service in this House; and a Warrant issue for a new Election in his Place,

The House having Notice, by Mr. Cofferer, that Mr. John Ashburnham w as gone home to his House very ill of the Gout, the House thought fit to forbear to send for Mr. Ashburnham to receive their Judgment at the Bar.

Ordered, That the Clerk do give Mr. John Ashburnham Notice of the Resolves of this House concerning him.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Subbati, 23° Novembr1667-

GEO RG ECapell, Son of Capell, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, &c. That Sir Tho. Lev Committee Levemhorp's

be revived, and do sit this Afternoon: And that Sir Estate.

Ralph Hare, Mr. JValdron, Sir Edward Sir

John Norton, be added to the Committee.

H

u

Great Guisby Election.

Ordered, That Sir Fretzville Hollis, and Sir Miscarriage* Norton, be added to the Committee to inquire after the of the War. Miscarriages of the late War.

Serjeant Charleton reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, in the Case of Election for

Great Guisby, in the County of Lincolne, between Sir

Phillipp Tirwhite, and Fretzville Hollis, that the Committee, upon full Examination of the Matter, had agreed

in Three Resolves; viz.

That the Election was not void;

That Sir Phillipp Tirwhilt was not duly elected:

That Sir Fretzville Hollis was duly elected, and ought

to sit.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Fretzville Hollis was duly elected,

and ought to sit. _ _ Ordered, That Sir Henry Capell be added to the jt^airng

And the Clerk of the Crown being called in, the Re- Committee for Highways. JiiJiway?.

turn was amended; and the name of Sir Phillipp Tirwhilt.

razed out, and the Name of Fretzville Hollis inserted. _ , Petition ot on the Behalf

Privilege- — rrot themselves, and many other Merchants in and about Merchant*

A Member The House then went upon the further Examination London; Petition.

charged with of the Matter concerning the French Merchants. was read.

Corruption. 14

'A

Ordered, That Sir Fretzville Hollis be added to the Committee of Committee of Elections. Privileges.

A Bill for the Sale of Lands for Payment of the Debts, and making Provision for the Lady and Daughters of Sir Estate. Henry Williams, deceased, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

19 Car. II. 230 — 25° — -a6° 25

Tl:e Question was propounded, That this Petition be A Bill for settling the Heralds Office was read the Herald# referred to a Committee; First time. Office.

The Question being put. That the Question be now put; R&c. That this Bill be read the Second time

It passed in the Negative. on this Day Fortnight.

PnviVgc — Tiie House then resumed the Debate of the Report Sprtch" of concern>ng the Freedom of Speech in Parliament: And the Statute of 4* Hen. VIII, concerning Richard being read; and the Report again read; and the Matter

debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Judgment given, 50 Car, against Sir John Elliott, Denz and Benjamin Val-

linline Esquires, in the King’s Bench, was an illegal Judgment, and against the Freedom of Privileges of Parliament.

Conference A Message from the Lords, by Sir Justinian and

»uii Lords. g|r William Glasscocke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, on the Subject Matter of the last Con-.

ference.

Which being agreed to;

Ordered, That the Persons formerly appointed do manage the Conference.

Sir Robert Howard reports from the Conference with the Lords.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to the Conference, which was first desired, on the Message from the Lords on Thursday: And that the Messenger, that goes up for the Conference, do acquaint their Lordships with the reason, why it was not sooner agreed to: And Sir Robert Howard, and Mr. Vaughan, are to draw up the Reasons against Monday Morning.

Hearth- Ordered, That Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir

money Tax. ancj Col. Williams, be added to the Hearth Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Level be Lyndsey

read the Second time on. Thursday next. Level.

A Petition of James Norfolk, Serjeant at Arms to the Serjeant at House, was read. Anns‘

Sir Robert Hotoardreports the Reasons, agreed by hirh Conference and Mr. Vaughan, to be presented to the Lords: Which he read: And the same being afterwards twice read, and rnj.nl of i.ord agreed to, are as followeth; viz. clarendon.

The House of Commons, having already made known \ to their Lordships the Reasons, which induced them to delay it hitherto, do now agree to the present Conference, j

desired by their Lordships Message to the House of Commons on Thursday last; and are ready to attend it.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard do carry up this Message to the Lords.

Sir Robert Howard reports, that the Lords had agreed to the present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Sir Robert Howard reports from the Conference, that, upon the Precedents and Reasons of the House of Commons, and the whole Debates thereupon, the Lords are not satisfied to comply with the Desires of the House of Commons, for sequestering from the House, and committing, the Earl of Clarendon, without any particular Treason assigned or specified.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report, from the Conference had with the Lords, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Hearth Committee: And they are to sit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 25* Novembris, 1667-

SI R John Brampston reports from the Committee, to

which the Bill for settling Lands on Sir Wise-

man and John Plott, to enable them to perform a Trust, was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and alter delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, See. That the further Examination of the L-cnrh Mer« Books of Accounts, all other Matters relating to the Bu- chants* siness of the French Merchants, be referred to a Committee; viz. Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Carexe, Mr. Spry, Sir William Loud her, Mr. Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Knight, Col. Sandys

Sir John Moreton, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Sir William Tompson, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John head, Sir John Cory ton, Mr. King, Col. Birch, Sir Thomas

Lee, Mr. Wliter, Mr. Marvell, Col. Kirby, Mr.

Mr. Garraway, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. LoveAnd they

are to meet on Wednesday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Steward, Sir John Ni- Leven-choles, and Mr. Cheney, be added to Mr. thorpe’s

Committee. Lstate.

BekWs A Bill for settling of certain Manors and Lands of £iuu' Beckham Esquire, for Payment of Debts, and raising of Portions for younger Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Steward, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir Nicho. Slaning, Sit William Fleetwood, Lord# Richardson, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Ckoicne, Sir William Lowther, Sir Norton hf natchbold, Mr. Jay Mr. Wynn, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Mr.

Crouch, Sir Edward Masters, Sit John Heath, Dr. Arras, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Kent, Mr.

Sir John Moreton, Mr. Bullteele, Mr. Tho. Morrice, Col. Sandj/s, Mr. Westphaling, Sir William Leads, Mr. Mill-

ward, Sir Rich. Oateley, Lord Anlhram, Dr. Buncell, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the County of Norfolke: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to peruse the Deeds and Conveyances; and to summon and hear all Parties concerned; and to examine the Debts; and take care to provide for the Children, and satisfy the Debts.

Vol. IX.

Ordered, That Mr. Cheney, and Mr. be Caron’s

added to Mrs. Caron's Committee. Petition.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mortis, 26* Novembris, 1667.

A BILL for Sale of certain Lands to Sir Henry williams’ Williams, decease/!, for Payment of his Debts, Estate, and making Provision for his Lady and Daughters, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Price,

Mr. Westpha Icing, Col. Reams, Col. Sa tides. Lord

shaw, Sir Edmund Windham, Col. Sir

Lewis, Mr. Chclwine, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir Trevor

Williams, Sir James Thynn, Bit Robert

Col. Mi heard, Air, Crooke, Sir Henry Newton, Sir Probert, Mr. Pryn, Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Lacy, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Richard Oateley, Sir Clifford Air. Cornewallis, Mr. Steward, Mr. Dr. Arras,

G Sir

2 6

2 6C

.27

0 Novembris.

A. 1667.

, C

Sir«7bA» Berkenhcad, Mr. Hamb Sir Thomas

Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Wild, Sir Robert , and all the

Metnbers that serve for the several Counties of Radnor, Hereford, Monmouth, and Brecknock: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take care, that the just Debts be paid,

Sir Robert Holt - - .)

Col. Kirby - - - for the Noes, 95.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. T. hat Sir Frederick Hide was duly elected,

and ought to sit.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Dean*

and the Infants not defrauded, but their Portions secured; several Counties of Southampton and Wiltshire, be added Forest.

Williams’

Estate.

Wood-

mongers

Patent.

Palmes’

Estate.

Public

Accounts.

and to annex a Schedule of the Debts to the Bill; and to provide, that so much Land be set apart, as will be of Value sufficient to answer the Daughters Portions.

A Petition of MilbomeWilliams was tendered.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the Bill concerning Sir Henry Williams wa6 committed.

Ordered, That the Wood mongers Patent be brought into the Committee appointed to examine the Matter concerning them, at the next time of their sitting.

SirThomas Gower reports from the Committee, to which the Bill for exchanging certain Manors and Lands of Wm. Palmes Esquire, for other Lands settled upon him, and his Issue by Mary his Wife, was committed; that the Committee had passed the Bill; and heard the Parties concerned; and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment thereto.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be ingrossed.

The House then proceeded on the rest of the Amendments to the Bill for taking the Accounts of the publick Monies: And a Debate arising upon the Amendment to the «4th Line of the ,5th Folio;

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of the Matter be adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning.

discovery of Information being given of a Person, that could make King °n a Discovery of Sixty-five thousand Pounds Cheat on his Majesty;

Ordered, That Mr. Love, Sir Thomas and

Col. Sam. Sandys, do forthwith repair to the Person, w ho says he can make a Discovery of above Sixty-five thousand Pounds Cheat on his Majesty; and to take his Evidence and Information therein; and give him Assurance, that, if an effectual Discovery be made, so that the Sixty-five thousand Pounds, or a considerable Part thereof, be recovered to his Majesty’s Use, there shall be Consideration had for a Satisfaction to be made him for his Service herein.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, by Sir Thomas Littleton, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference touching the Earl of Clarendon.

Sir Thonuis Littleton reports that the Lords would send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Exportation of tanned Leather.

The Bill was delivered in, and read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Serjeant Charietonreports the Case of Election for the

Town and County of Hav between Sir Hyde, and Mr. Owen; that the Committee had passed a Resolve; viz.

That the Election for was a void

Election.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee; It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Matter touching the Election for Haverfordwest be re-committed;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Air. Edward Seymour Mr. Weld -

Privilege in a Suit against a Member.

to the Committee for Preservation of Timber in the Forest, and Deane Forest.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 27* Novemb, 16'6‘7.

THE House being informed, that there is a Suit in Law depending in the Exchequer, between Robert A Price, and Edward A Price, Plaintiffs, and James Hayes, and Robert Jefforyes, Gentlemen, Defendants; the Defendants being named by Consent; but the Title is Sir Edward Hungerford's, a Alember of this House:

Ordered, That all Proceedings at I,aw in the said Cause be stopt during the Sessions of Parliament.

Ordered, That Colonel Bishop have the Leave of this Leave of House to go into the Country. Absence.

A Bill to enable a Sale of Lands for Payment of the Jeremy’* Debts, and raising Portions for the younger Children, of Estate. John Jeremy Esquire, deceased, wras read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time on Friday next.

A Bill for determining Writs of Error, brought in the Exchequer

Exchequer, was read. ^Enur

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on iror’ Friday next.

A Bill for the better and more effectual Discovery and Thefts and Prosecution of Thieves and Highway Robbers, was read. Robbem*. Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time To-

F

morrow Alorning.

Ditto. .____

Conference desired with Lords.

Exporting

Leather.

Haverfordwest Election.

0lf for the Yeas, 57.

A Paper of Proposals for an Address to his Majesty, for issuing a Proclamation to prevent Thefts and Robberies, was read; and ordered to lie on the Table, that it might be perused and considered, and the Alatter taken again into Consideration.

A Petition of poor distressed Prisoners at Flushing in Prisoner* at Zealand, w’as read. Ilushing.

Resolved, &c. That an Address be made to his Majesty, by Mr. Comptroller, Sir WilHamDoyley, Sir John Moreton,

Sir George Downing, Sir John Knight; humbly to desire his Majesty to take care for the speedy Relief and Enlargement of the poor Seamen and Prisoners in Zealand.

A Bill for exporting tanned Leather was read the Exporting Second time. Leather.

Resolved, 8cc. That it be committed to Sir Charles Har ’ bord, Sir John Moreton, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir

man Swale, Sir John Knight, Mr. Rigby, Sir William Lewis, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Justinian Isham, Lord Ancram, Sir John Shaw, Sir

ing, Mr. Dowdswe/l, Mr. Coventry, Sir William Low!her,

Sir Anthony Ierby, Sir John Coryton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Richard Oateley, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Barnaby: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Importing Juries, of the County of Chester, was read; and the l,lsli Caiile. Alatter touching Frauds and Abuses in importing Foreign Cattle, contrary to the Act, debated.

Resolved,

ai

4'

ij

1.

ij

19 Car. II. 270 — 28® — 290

Resolved, 8ec. That a Committee be appointed to peruse the Act against importing Irish Cattle; and to see, if the same be in any Part defective; and what Frauds and Abuses there are in the Execution of that Law* and how the same maybe remedied; and to bring in a supplemental Bill, if they see Cause; viz. Mr. Seymour, Sir Foulk Lucy, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Mr.

Roseauvn, Mr. Rigby, Sir Henry Sir John

Knight, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Robert Holt, Sir John More-ton, Sir Solomon Swale, Col. Birch, Sir Richard Oateley, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Thomas Gower, Mr. Jones or any

Three of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two efthe Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Pme Ships. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to peruse the

Acts of Navigation; and to prepare and bring in a Bill, if they see Cause, for making free from Trade all such Ships now in the Hands of the King’s Subjects, as have been already taken Prize, and are so adjudged in the Admiralty; and for reinforcing the former Laws of Navigation; viz. Sir John Knight, Sir Mr. Comptroller, Sir Thomas SSir Anthony Ierby, Colonel Birch, Mr. Spry, Mr. Weld, Sir William

ther, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gar Sir John Sir

Richard Ford, Mr. Harbord, Sir William Mr.

Waller, Mr. Pryn, Sir Ph Sir Tompson, Mr. King, Sir Tho. and all that serve

for the City of London, or any Port Towns; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Impeach. Ordered, That Sir Robert Brooke's Report concerning ttentofPat. Commissioner Pelt be heard Tomorrow Morning.

State of Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Matter of Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

27 '

Sir William Harbord, Mr. Eyres, Sir Thomas Littleton, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of colne and York: And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Robert Brookes reports Articles of Impeachment, Impeach-agreed on by the Committee appointed to inquire into mentofPett. Miscarriages, against Commissioner Pett, late one of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy: Which he read'; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Justice Windham Lords agree and Mr. Baron Rains ford; to Con-

Mr. Speaker, The Lords do agree to a free Conference, ference* as you have desired; and do appoint it presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference do manage this free Conference.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to sit this Committees. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro\V Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lord Mordaunt’s Ira-

Jovis, 28* Nov 1667.

flRDERED, That the Committee, to which the Petition and Articles of Mr. Taylour against the Ix>rd e" ‘ Mordaunt, was referred, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Cambridge Mr. Pepis reports from the Committee, to which the Pnt-HuuMi. Bill for erecting a Pest-House near Cambridge, was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: W’hich were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, 8ec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, beingrossed; and that the Bill, when ingrossed, be read on this Day Sevennight, at Ten of the Clock.

Jjtdsey A Bill for settling the Draining of the Level of the Fens, v called Lindsey Level, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir William Loaiher, Mr. Pryn, Sir John Morton, Sir Solomon Sicate, Sir Jonathan Trelawney, Mr. Waller, Col. Williams, Col. Phillipps, Mr. King, Sir Henry Ccesar, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Nicho. Slaineing, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Edmund Windham, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Rich. Sir

Hollis, Sir William Hickman, Sir James Thynn, Sir Carr, Sir John Knight, Sir John Goodricke, Mr. Seymour,

Lord Ricluirdson, Mr. Pepis, Sir John Norton, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Lowther, Lord Fanshaw,

Mr. Whittaker, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Walter Young, V9L. IX,

l)ie Veneris, 29° Novembris, 1667.

ABIL L for the Sale of certain Manors and Lands, for Jeremy’* Payment of the Debts, and raising Portions for the Hstale-Children of John Jeremy Esquire, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c.That the Bill be committed to Sir Clifford Clifton, Lord Richardson, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Westphd-ling, Mr. Peipes, Sir Nicho. Stoning, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir James Thyn, Mr. Pryn, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Edmund Windham, Col. Williams,

Mr. George Probcrt, Sir John Brampston, Sir Francis Clarke, Mr. Colt man, Sir William Gau dy, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Morice, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Berk-vtihead, Mr. Daniel/, Sir Edward Masters, Mr.

Mr. Kent, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir EPooley, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Grey, Sir Robert Holt,

Mr. Mainord, Mr. King, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Noijolkc and Suffolke: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Upon a Report, made by Sir Charles Harbord, from Repairing the Committee to which the Bill concerning Highways is Highways, committed;

Resolved, See. That the Committee to which the Bill concerning Highways is committed, have Power to bring in a Clause, to lay a Tax, to be assessed by publick Order of Sessions, for repairing the Highways in such Places where there is most need; and that they do also hear tvhat can be offered as to Baughton Hill in Kent; and, if it be extraparochial, and not chargeable, then to consider of a Clause to make it liable, by the Bill, to contribute towards Highways.

A Bill foh inclosing certain Coppices belonging to the Horton Manor of Horton in the County of Gloucester, for Preser- Inclosure, vation and Increase of Wood and Timber was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill to prevent Thefts and Robberies was read the Thefts and Second time. Robberies.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Bennett, Sir Tho. Allen, Dr. Burwell, Col. Birch, Sir John Berkenhead, Sir Thomas Clergis, S\r Henry Ceesar, Sir Rich.

Browne, Mr. Edward Masters, Sir George Reeves, Sir William Lowther, Col. Milhcard, Sir Edmund Windham, Air.

Cooke,

Bishop of Durham* Leasing.

Cheats on King.

Bublic Ao compts.

General Naturalization Bill.

French Merchants.

Conference with Isolds.

Privilege.

De Coita’s Nat.

290 Novembris — i* Decembris.

A. 1667.

0

1

C:

Cooke, Sir ,7o//m TVo/, Lord Hawley, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Tabott, Mr. Sir Thomas Allen, Sir SohmanSwale,

John Napper, Sir Thomas Bludworth, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Pepis, Sir John Sir John A Mr.

Colonel Rcames, Sir John Knight, Sir Charles Wheeler, Westphaling, Sir Sir Thomas Do!mini. Sir

Mr. Pryn, Lord Ancram, Mr. Musgrave, Col. Sandys, Nicho. SSir Richard I Pise, Mr. Collins, Sir John

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Robert Brookes, Mr. Seymour, Dawney, Sir Sir \ Mr.

Serj. Mainard, Sir William Lewis, Mr. Slaningc, Mr. Packer, Sir Sir Cory ton, Sir

John Covett, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Rorwland Berkley, Moreton, Sir Caesar, Sir Sir

Mr. Jones, Sir George Probert: And all that come are to Harbord, Sir Portland Mr. Pitt, Sir Edmund

have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next at Pooley, Sir William Lewis, Sir. Edward Massey, Col.

Twoof the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Cham- ward, Sir Phillipp Sir Browne, Mr. Slier-

her; And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. rard, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Crouch: And they are to meet on

Thursday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Justinian Lewen;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you a Bill, in- An ingrossed Bill for settling the Lands therein men- Wiseman’* tituled, An Act to enable John Lord Bishop of Durham, tioned upon Sir Richard Wiseman, and John and LiUlte*

and his Successors, to make Leases, for Three Lives, their Heirs, to enable them the better to perform a Trust, of certain Lead Mines; with some Amendments; to was read.

which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the

Title be, An Act for settling the Lands therein men-Ordered, That it be referred to Colonel Sands, Sir Tho. tioned upon Sir Richard Wiseman, and John Platt, and Bludworth, and Mr. Love, to make further Inquiry After their Heirs, to enable them the better to perform a Trust:

Cheats on his Majesty; and to assure such Persons, as And Sir Brampston is to carry up the Bill to the shall make any considerable Discoveries of any Frauds, or Lords, for their Concurrence.

Cheats on his Majesty, that they shall have the Protection of this House, and shall not be prejudiced by making A Bill for inclosing certain Coppices, and V> ood - *n'

such Discoveries. grounds, for Preservation of Wood and Timber, was closJre*

read the Second time.

The House then proceeded on the further Considera- Resolved, &c. That the Bill he committed to Sir Ration of the Amendments to the Bill of Accompts. bert Holt, Mr. George, Sir John Mr. Coventry, The Amendment to the 24th Line of the 5th Folio Sir Swale, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Mr.

being debated; Packer, Mr. Sir Mr. Sir

Resolved, &c. That there he a limited Sum appointed John Holland, Mr. Mr. Sir Edward

for Officers and Clerks. Colonel Sandys, Mr. Sir Charles Harbord,

Resolved, &c. That the Blank be filled up with "Two Sir Edward ll alpoole, Sir Denham, Mr. JVcstpha-thousand Pounds." bing, Lord Richardson, Sir Richard Lord An-

Some Debates being had upon the Amendment, as to cram, Mr. Air. Street, Mr. Seymour, Sir Aicho. the Title of the Bill, and naming Commissioners; Crray, Mr. Steward, Mr. Jay, Sir John Brampston, Sir

Ordered, That the further Debate of this Alatter be Henry and all the Members that serve for the

adjourned till Monday Morning; and that the Bill, with County of Gloucester: And they are to meet on Thursday the Amendments, be transcribed against that Time. next, at Twoot the ClockintheAlternoon, in theSpcakers

Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill of the general Naturalization be read on Thursday next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Air. Hugh Boscawen, Sir Edward Wise, Mr. Jay, Mr. Edw. Boscawen, Mr. John Buller, Sir John

Lmcther, be added to the Committee concerning the French Merchants.

Air. Swenfen, Mr. Vaughan, and Sir Robert Howard,

report* from the free Conference had with the Lords.

A Petition of Robert Turner was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Petition be committed to Colonel Sandys, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir Thomas Gower,

Sir Edmund Windham, Colonel Birch, Sir William Coventry, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Collins, Sir John Norton, Mr. Spry, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Knight, Sir Richard Browne, Lord AncraMr. I Vest

Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Rich. Oateley, Sir John Moreton: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to examine the Alatter of the Petition; and to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Turner's

l’eiition.

- -I

A |'. k -

.-P.

i-

Die Dunce, 2° Decembris, 1667.

CORNELIUSvanden AnclcSon of Peter vanden

Ancker; and Thomas DelamoSon of Isaack Dela-

more; did, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Edmund Lever sage be sent for, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for causing Thomas Hales, Bailiff and Servant to Sir James a Alember of this House, to he arrested, contrary to the Privilege of Parliament: And that the Alatter of Breach of Privilege be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine, and report it to the House.

A Bill for the Naturalization of Alvaro de Costa was read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lowther, Col. Reames, Mr. Percy Gorcing, Sir Edw.

Walpole, Sir Hen. Packhum, Sir Edw.Harlow, Sir Gilbert 16

A Bill for determining of Writs of Error in the Ex- Exchequer chequer, was read the Second time: And no Exception n,s ot being taken thereto; E"or*

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill he ingrossed.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the l’i.i>liik Alatter, upon the Amendments to the Bill for taking the couaU* publick Accounts; relating to the naming of Commissioners.

The Question being put, That any of the Commissioners for taking public Accounts he Alembers of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the former Committee, to which the Bill for taking the publick Accounts, was committed, to consider of, and present to the 1 louse, the Names of Twenty Persons, out of which Commissioners may be appointed for taking the Accounts; and that , the Committee be, for that Purpose, revived.

A Alessage

f>.

If i'

19 Car. II. 2° — 3° — 4° Decembris. 29

Message A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Archer from Lords — an(| \fr> Justice Moreton;

Non-commiic Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to de-

ment of the . r. f 7

Karl uf Cla- liver this Message to you;

radon. That, upon the Report of the last free Conference given to this House of Commons, and upon the whole Matter, the Lords are not satisfied to commit the Earl of Clarendon, and sequester him from Parliament, before particular Treason be specified or assigned.

Rtsolutioa ' The Question being propounded, That the Lords igaiuitit. i)aving not complied with the Desires of the House of Commons, for the Commitment of the Earl of Clarendon, and sequestering him from Parliament, upon the Impeachment of Treason from the House, it is an Obstruction to the publick Justice of this Kingdom, in the Proceedings of both Houses of Parliament; and, in the Precedent of evil and dangerous Consequence:

And the Question being, That this Question be now' put; It was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put;

Resolved, &c. That the Lords having not complied with the Desires of the House of Commons, for the ’ Commitment of the Earl of , and sequestering

1 him from Parliament, upon the Impeachment of Treason from this House, it is an Obstruction to the publick Justice of this Kingdom, in the Proceeding of both Houses of Parliament; and in the Precedent of it, is of evil and dangerous Consequence.

Committees. Resolved, &c. That all Committees be adjourned till Tomorrow in the Afternoon, Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A Petition of John, Mary and Dorothy Stonehonse,

Infants, and younger Children of Sir James Stonehonse, 1 e 1 lon‘ was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be committed to Mr.

Seymour, Sir John Moreton, Sir 77 Littleton, Sir Solo-man Smile, Sir John Holland, Mr. Iraughan, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Cot'entry, Sir Henry Ca'sar, Sir Charles

hord, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Fretz-vile Hollis, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr Sir William Lowther, Sir Tho. GowSir John head, Sir John Brampston, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr.

Chetwyn, Lord Fitzrvittiams, Sir Walter Lord

Ancram, Lord St. John, Sir Franc.Windham, Col.

Lord Cavendish, Lord Torrington, and all the Members that serve for Oxford and Oxf ordshire: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Aland ford Brampston and Sir John Cowell;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, Stan, ey'» intituled, an Act for enabling Trustees to make Leases tstate* for Payment of the Debts, and providing for the Children, of Sir Charles Stanley: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered \That this Rill be read on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock.

A general Bill for Naturalization, was read the Second General Na-

turalization

e‘ Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Message

Mr. Justice Browne’, w^drewiiT*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us down to acquaint of't(ie you, that they have received a large Petition from the Earl clarendon, ol Clarendon; intimating, that he w’as withdrawn. —

Die Martis, 3* , 1667.

privilege — /ORDERED, That Sir John Aloreton, Sir Charles Her-

pl!'lt," bord, Sir Soloman Swale, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Sey-

' 1‘ <* mur, Sir George Downing, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir William

Lowther, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho.Gower, Sir or any Three of them;... to examine who was the Author, Printer, and Publisher, of the scandalous printed Paper, set forth in the Name of the Shoemakers; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The Question being put, That no printed Briefs, Papers, or Breviates, of any Matter, be brought to the Doors, or given, or distributed, amongst the Members of the House; The House was divided:

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Lee, 7 v.l v M'./m, j For the Yeas, 47-

Mr. JVhonvood, 7 vr

Mr. Higgm, } For the No,*> 6a'

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Debate of the Bill for general General Na* Naturalization be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, p"'alization Ten of the Clock. & B,n-

Resolved, &c. That an Address be made to his Ma- -Address for jesty, in the Name of this House, by the Members of 5;7cape of this House of his Majesty’s Privy Council, humbly to Earl of desire his Majesty to give order to stop all Sea Ports, to Clarendon, prevent the Escape of the Earl of Clarendon:

That the Members, who did formerly manage the Conferences with the Lords, be appointed to draw up a Declaration for the Vindication of this House, in their Proceedings touching the Earl of Clarendon.

Die Mercurii, 4° Decembris, 1667-

tjtOHN Riches did this Day take the Oath of Alle-J giance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Privilege — Ordered, That Mr. Morr be discharged from his Commitment, from the Serjeant at Arms; paying his Fees.

tustudy.

Waro' Ordered, That the Lord Vaughan be added to the biiit, Committee, to which the Bill concerning Henry Williams was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue a Warrant to the Malmesbury Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, choosing of a Burgess for the Borough of Alalmesbury in the County of Wilts, in the Place of Sir Francis Henry Lee, deceased.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were discontinued, Committees. PriitSbips. Ordered, That Mr. Edward Seymour be desired to de- be revived; and do sit atTwo of the Clock Tomorrow in liver in Papers of Examination, which are in his Hands, the afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed, concerning the Two East India Prizes: And that Sir

William Penn do attend the Committee, and give his Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for Lindsey Information concerning the Matter, before these Papers Lindsey Level was committed, do sit on Friday next, Level, be made publick. notwithstanding the Sitting of any other Committee.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench do A Bill on the Behalf of Sir John Weld was read. Weld's Debt,

cause George Wood, his Prisoner in Execution, to be Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time

brought to attend, and give Information, at the Com- on Monday next, niittee concerning Juries, when it shall be required.

tcven-

thorpe's

Estate.

Wood-mongers and Inn-holders.

Palmes'f

Estate.

Clothing

Trade.

General Naturalization

Bill.

Lords desire a Conference.

Earl of

Clarendon's

Address.

4° Decembris.

A. 1667.

30

Mr. Steward reports from the Committee, to which the Bill for settling of certain Lands and Tenement of Sir Thomas Levcnthorpe Baronet, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, was committed, some Amendments, and Provisoes agreed to be made, by the Committee, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which Amendments and Provisoes, being twice read, and agreed to;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Matter concerning Wood, Coal, and Fewelling, was committed, do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for exchanging certain Manors and Lands of William Palmes Esquire, for other Lands settled

upon him, anil his Issue, by Mary his Wife, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act for exchanging certain Manors and Lands of William Palmes Esquire, for other Lands settled

upon him and his Issue, by Mary his Wife.

A Petition of the Masters, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Clothiers of the West Riding of the County of Yorke, on the Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Clothiers of that Riding, dwelling out of the Parish of Leeds, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee constituted the oth November last, to which the Matter for Advance and Improvement of the Clothing Trade was committed; to take the Matter of the Petition into Consideration; and, according to the Powers and Directions given them, to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The House then resumed the Debate on the Bill of general Naturalization.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice and Mr. Justice Tirrell;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, touching the Paper they received Yesterday from the Earl of Clarendon.

The Judges being again called in;

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, that the House had agreed to the present Conference desired.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Vaughan, and Sir Robert Howard, do manage the Conference.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Conference had with the Lords; That his Grace the Duke of Buckingham did manage the Conference; and declared, That the Lords had commanded him to deliver the scandalous and seditious Paper of the Earl of Clarendon: Which they desired might be returned again.

Which Paper was read at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, &c. That the Paper of the Earl of Clarendon be entered in the Journal of this House.

And the same is as followeth:

To the Right honourable the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled;

The humble Petition and Address 0 Earl of Clarendon.

May it please your Lordships,

" I Cannot express the insupportable Trouble and Grief of Mind, I sustain, under the Apprehension of being misrepresented to your Lordships, and when I hear how much of your Lordships Time hath been spent upon the Mention of me, as it is attended with more publick Consequences, and of the Differences in Opinion, which have already, or rnay probably arise between your Lordships, and the Honourable House of Commons; whereby the 81

great and weighty Affairs of the Kingdom may be obstructed in a Time of so general a Dissatisfaction."

" I am very unfortunate to find myself to suffer so much under Two very disadvantageous Reflections, which are in 110 Degree applicable to me."

" The First, from the Greatness of my Estate and Fortune, collected and made in so few Years; which, if it be proportionable to what is reported, may very reasonably cause my Integrity to be suspected."

" The Second, that I have been the sole Manager, and chief Minister, in all the Transactions of State, since the King’s Return into England, to August last; and therefore that all Miscarriages and Misfortunes ought to be imputed to me, and to my Counsels."

" Concerning my Estate, your Lordships will not believe, that, after Malice and Envy hath been so inquisitive and so sharp-sighted, I will offer any thing to your Lordships, but what is exactly true: And I do assure your Lordships, in the first Place, that, excepting from the King’s Bounty, I have never received nor taken one Pcny, but what was generally umlerstsod to be the just and lawful Perquisites of ,my Office, by the constant Practice of the best Times; which I did, in my own Judgment, conceive to be that of my Lord Coventry, and my Lord Elsinore: The Practice of which I constantly observed, although the Office, in both their Times, w as law fully wxjrth double to what it was to me, and, I believe, now is."

" That all the Courtesies and Favours, which I have been able to obtain from the King for other Persons in Church or State, or in Westminster Hall, have never been worth me Five Pounds: So that your Lordships may be confident I am as innocent from Corruption, as from any disloyal Thought; which, after near Thirty Years Service of the Crown, in some Difficulties and Distresses, I did never expect, would have been objected to me in my Age."

" And I do assure your Lordships, and shall make it very manifest, that the several Sums of Money, and some Parcels of Land, which his Majesty hath bountifully bestowed upon me since his return into England, are worth more than all I have amounts unto: So far I am from advancing my Estate by any indirect means. And though this Bounty of his Majesty hath very far exceeded my Merit, or my Expectation; yet some others have been as fortunate at least in the same Bounty, who had as small Pretences to it, and have no great Reason to envy my Condition."

" Concerning the other Imputation, of the Credit and Power of being Chief Minister; and so causing all to be done, that I had a Mind to; I have no more to say, than that I had the good Fortune to serve a Master of a very great Judgment and Understanding; and to be always joined with Persons of great Ability and Experience; without whose Advice and Concurrence never any thing hath been done."

" Before his Majesty’s coming into England, he was constantly attended by the then Marquis of Ormond, the late Lord Culpeper, and Mr. Secretary Nicholas; who were equally trusted with myself; and without whose joint Advice and Concurrence, when they were all present (as some of them always were) I never gave any Counsel. As soon as it pleased God to bring his Majesty into England, he established his Privy Council; and shortly, out of them, a Number of Honourable Persons, of great Reputation, who, for the most Part, are alive, as aCommittee for foreign Affairs, and Consideration of such things, as, in the Nature of them, required much Secrecy; and with these Persons he vouchsafed to join me: And I am confident this Committee never transacted any thing of Moment, (his Majesty being alw ays present) without presenting the same first to the Council Board: And I must appeal to them, concerning my Carriage; and whether we were not all of one Mind, in all Matters of Importance."

" For more than Tw o Years I never knew any Difference in the Counsels, or that there w ere any Complaints in the Kingdom; which I wholly impute to his Majesty’s great

Wisdom,

19 Car. II.

4° Decembris*

31

Wisdom, and the intire Concurrence of his Counsellors; without the Vanity of assuming any thing to myself. And therefore I hope I shall not be singly charged with any tiling that hath since fallen out amiss. But from the Time that Mr. Secretary Nicholas was removed from his Place, there were great Alterations: And whosoever knew any thing of the Court or Councils, knew how well my Credit hath, since that Time, been diminished; though his Majesty graciously vouchsafed still to hear my Advice in most of his Affairs: Nor hath there been, from that Time to this, above One or Two Persons brought to the Council, or preferred to any considerable Office in the Court, who have been of my intimate Acquaintance, or suspected to have any Kindness for me; and most of them notoriously known to have been, very long, my Enemies, and of different Judgments and Principles from me, both in Church and State; and who have taken all Opportunities to lessen my Credit with the King, and with all other Persons, by misrepresenting and misreporting all that I said or did; and persuading Men, that I had done them some Prejudice with his Majesty, or crossed them in some of their Pretensions; though his Majesty’s Goodness and Justice were such that it made little Impression upon him."

" In my humble Opinion, the great Misfortunes of the Kingdom have proceeded from the War; to which it is notoriously known that I was always most averse; and may, without Vanity say, I did not only foresee, but did declare the Mischiefs we Should run into by entering into a War, before any Alliances made with the Neighbour Princes: And, that it may not be imputed to his Majesty’s want of Care, or the Negligence of his Counsellors, that no such Alliances were entered into, I must take the Boldness to say, that his Majesty left nothing unattempted, in order thereunto: And, knowing very w-ell, that France resolved to begin a War upon Spainas soon as his Catholick

Majesty Should depart this World; which being much sooner expected by them, they had, in the Two Winters before, been at great Charge in providing plentiful Magazines of all Provisions upon the Frontiers, that they might be ready for the War; his Majesty used all possible means to prepare and dispose the Spaniard with that Apprehension; offering his Friendship to that Degree, as might be for the Security and Benefit of both Crowns: But Spain flattering itself that France would not break with them, at least, that they would not give them any Cause, by administering Matter of Jealousy to them, never made any real Approach towards a Friendship with his Majesty; but, both by their Ambassador here, and to his Majesty’s Ambassador at Madrid, always insisted, as Preliminaries,

upon the giving up Dunkirke, Tangier, and ."

" Though France had an Ambassador here, to whom a Project for a Treaty was offered, and the Lord Hollis, his Majesty’s Ambassador at Paris, used all Endeavours to pursue and prosecate the said Treaty, yet it was quickly discerned, that the principal Design of France was to draw his Majesty into such a near Alliance, as might advance their Design; without which they had no mind to enter into the Treaty proposed."

" And this was the State of Affairs, when the War was entered into with the Dutch: From which Time, neither Crown much considered the making of an Alliance with England."

" As I did, from my Soul, abhor the entering into this War; so I never presumed to give any Advice or Counsel for the Way of managing it, but by opposing many Propositions, which seemed to the late Lord Treasurer, and myself, to be unreasonable; as, the Payment of the Seamen by Tickets; and many other Particulars, which added to the Expence."

" My Enemies took all Occasions to inveigh against me: And, making Friendship with others out of the Council, of more licentious Principles, and who knew well enough, how much I disliked and complained of the Liberty they took to themselves, of reviling all Councils and Counsellors, and turning all things serious and sacred into Ridicule; they took all Ways imaginable, to render Vol. IX.

me ungrateful to all sorts of Men (whom I shall be compelled to name in my Defence); persuading those, that miscarried in any of their Designs, that it was the Chancellor’s Doings: Whereof I never knew any thing. However, they could not withdraw the King s Favour from me; who was still pleased to use my Service with others; nor was there ever any thing done, but upon the joint Advice of, at least, the major Part of those who were consulted with."

" And, as his Majesty commanded my Service in the late Treaties, so I never gave the least Advice in private; nor wrote one Letter to any Person in either of those Negotiations, but upon the Advice of the Council, and after it was read in Council, or, at least, by the King himself, and some other: And, if I prepared any Instructions, or Memorials, it was by the King’s Command, and the Request of the Secretaries, who desired my Assistance: Nor was it any Wish of my own, that any Ambassador Should give me any Account of the Transactions, but to the Secretaries, with whom I w-as always ready to advise: Nor am I conscious to myself of having ever given Advice, that hath proved mischievous or inconvenient to his Majesty: And I have been so far from being the sole Manager of Affairs, that I have not, in the w hole last Year, been above twice with his Majesty in any Room alone, and very seldom in the Two or Three Years preceding; And, since the Parliament at Oxford, it hath been very visible, that my Credit hath been very little; and that very few things have been hearkened to which have been proposed by me, but contradicted, eo nomine, because proposed by me."

" I most humbly beseech your Lordships to remember the Office and Trust I had for Seven Years, in which, in Discharge of my Duty, I was obliged to stop and obstruct many Mens Pretences, and to refuse to set the Seals to many Pardons, and other Grants, which would have been profitable to those who procured them; and many whereof, upon my Representation to his Majesty, were for ever stopt; which naturally have raised many Enemies to me: And my frequent concurring, upon the Desires of the late Lord Treasurer (with whom I bad the Honour to have a long and a fast Friendship, to his Death) inrepresenting several Excesses and Exorbitances, the yearly Issue so far exceeding the Revenue, provoked in many Persons concerned, of great Power and Credit, to do me all the ill Offices they could. And yet I may faithfully say, that I never meddled with any Part of the Revenue, or the Administration of it, but w hen I was desired by the late Lord Treasurer to give him my Assistance and Advice (having had the Honour formerly to serve the Crown, as Chancellor of the Exchquer); which was for the most part, in his Majesty’s Presence. Nor have I ever been, in the least Degree, concerned, in point of Profit, in the letting any Part of his Majesty’s Revenue; nor have ever treated or debated it, but in his Majesty’s Presence; in which my Opinion concurred always with the major Part of the Counsellors, who wrere present." " All which, upon Examination, will be made manifest to your Lordships, how much soever my Integrity is blasted by the Malice of those, who, I am confident, do not believe themselves: Nor have I, in my Life, upon all the Treaties, or otherwise, received the Value of One Shilling from all the Kings and Princes in the World (except the Books of the Louvre Print, sent me by the Chancellor of France, by that King’s Direction) but from my own Master, to whose intire Service, and to the Good and Welfare of my Country, no Man’s Heart was ever more devoted."

" This being my present Condition, I do most humbly beseech your Lordships to retain a favourable Opinion of me, and to believe me innocent from those foul Aspersions, until the contrary shall be proved; which, I am sure, can never be by any Men worthy to be believed. And since the Distempers of the Times, and the Differences between the Two Houses in the present Debate, with the Power and Malice of my Enemies, who give out

that

Earl of

Clarendor/l

Address,

32

4* — 5° — 6° Decembris. A. 166’].

that they shall prevail... to prorogue or dissolve this Parliament in Displeasure, and threaten to expose me to the Rage and Fury of the People, may make me looked upon as the Cause which obstructs the King’s Service, and the Unity and Peace of the Kingdom; I most humbly beseech your Lordships, that I may not forfeit your Lordships Favour and Protection, by withdrawing myself from so powerful a Prosecution, in hope that I may be able, by such withdrawing, hereafter to appear, and make my Defence, when his Majesty’s Justice, to which I shall always submit, may not be obstructed or controuled by the Power and Malice of those, who have sworn my Destruction.*’

that all Persons concerned be then heard by the Counsel, at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Matter Prize Ships. Prize Ships free for Trade was committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Conference Tomorrow Morning, by Sir Robert; and that d< sired with the Paper of the Earl of Clarendon, and the V otes of this Lor<ls-House relating thereto, be by him sent up, and delivered, at the Conference, to the Lords.

Clarendon.

Pap«r de- Resolved, &c. That the Paper sent by the Earl of Cla-

lous'ancTto rettdon to the Lords, and by them sent down to this be bums. House, is scandalous and seditious; and doth reproach the King, and the publick Justice of the Nation.

Resolved, See. The Lords be desired, that the Paper be burned by the Hand of the Hangman.

General Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of the Bill of

tionUHU|lZa' general Naturalization be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 5° 1667.

Leave for RD E RED, That Sir TVtUiam Terringham, and

auend Lords Colonel Robert P have the Leave of this ‘ House to attend, and give Evidence, before the Lords, in the Cause concerning Colonel Samuel

Williams? Ordered, That Mr. Grey, Sir Richard Oateky, Mr.

Estate. Whorwood, Sir George H Mr. Flint, Mr. Lowland Berkley, Sir John Goodrich, Mr. Daniell, Sir Robert Cordell, be added to the Committee touching the Lady fVilliams, and her Daughters.

Yarmouth A Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Burgesses, and

Pier* Commonalty of tlte Borough and Port Town of Great Yarmouth, in die County of Norfolk, was read; and the Matter debated.

Resolved, &c. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Harbour and Pier of Yarmouth, according to the Desire of the Petition.

Dover Pier. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to look into the Act concerning the Repair of Dover Pier; and to see what Powers are thereby given for taking the Accompts of Money raised for Repair of that Pier; and by whom it hath been received; and how the Persons concerned may be brought to an Accoropt; and also to inquire, how the Money raised for setting out Busses for the Fishing Trade, and also for Relief of the Poor in the Time of the Plague, hath been employed, and whether any of it be in Arrear, and in whose Hands; and to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And it is referred to Mr. Bos-cawen, Col. Birch, Sir Joh Knight, Mr. Jolly, Sir John Berkenhead, Sir Francis Clarke, Lord Richardson, Sir William Tompson, Col. Mr. Love, Sir Richard

Ford, Mr. Spry, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Coventry, and

all the Members of this House, that serve for the Seaports, and for Kent: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cambridge Upon a Petition delivered in, and Information given, Pest-Houses. on the Behalf of the several Persons concerned in the Bill for erecting Pest-Houses in Cambridge; who, as is alleged, are like to be much prejudiced, if that Bill pass: And the Bill being ingrossed;

Ordered, That the Bill be read on Monday next; and

The Question being propounded, that, when any Sub- Resolutions ject shall be impeached of High Treason, generally, by the respecting House of Commons, before the Lords in Parliament; and *^unng desired to be forthwith secured; such Person impeached ^cached, ought, for the Safety of the King and Kingdom, to be accordingly secured;

Arid the Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put; it was Resolved, That, when any Subject shall be impeached of High Treason, generally, by the House of Commons, before the Lords in Parliament; and desired to be forthwith secured; such Person impeached ought, for the Safety of the King and Kingdom, to be accordingly secured.

Resolved, See. That when such impeached Person shall be secured, the Lords may limit a convenient Time to bring his particular Charge before them, for the avoiding Delay in Justice.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 60 Decembris, 1667.

UPON Information given, that the Town of Maid- Maidstona stone in Kent is now free from the Contagion of Wm. the Plague;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out a Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new’ Writ for the Election of a Member to serve for the Town of Maidstone in the County of Kent, instead of Sir Edmund Pearse, deceased.

Ordered, That the Clerk make out a List of all publick Publick Bills. Bills under Commitment, against To-inorrow Morning.

The Bill for enabling the Lord Bishop of Durham to Bishop of make Leases of certain Lead Mines, with the Amend- Durham's ments thereto, sent from the Lords, and inserted in the Leasmo- Bill, was read the Third time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Gozcer do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

A Bill for the Repair of the Haven and Pier of Great Yarmouth Yarmouth and Norfolk was read the First time. Pier*

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the State of whole House, to proceed in the Matter concerning Balance 1 rade* of Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took’the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Howard went up to the Lords, to desire a Conference Conference, according to the Vote made Yesterday: And, Lords*

upon Return, makes Report, that the Lords had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Paper of the Earl of Clarendon, and Votes of this House relating thereto, be delivered to the Lords at the Conference.

Ordered,

0

19 Car. II.

6° — 70 De.

33

4

Exporting

Leather.

Escapes from

London

Sheriffs.

State of Trade.

A Bill for confirming an Inclosure of Part of the Forest p

OH

Trade with Scotland.

an

Ordered, That a Committee concerning exporting tanned Leather be revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And

Mr. Mallett, Mr. Musgrave. Mr. Jay, Mr. Culliford, and

Sir Henry Puckering, are added to the Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for indemnifying the Sheriff of London was committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, at the Time and Place formerly appointed.

The House then again resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Matter concerning the Balance of Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports it as the Opinion of the Committee, that a Bill be brought in for constituting Commissioners of this Kingdom, to treat and conclude with Commissioners of the Kingdom of Scotland, sufficiently authorized thereto, for the Freedom of Trade between both Kingdoms by suspending the Impositions laid, since the Year 1660, upon any Commodities of the Growth and Manufacture of either Kingdom: And what shall be so concluded, being approved of by his Majesty, to have Continuance for One whole Year, or until the End of the next Session of Parliament, which shall first happen.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a Bill be brought in for constituting Commissioners of this Kingdom to treat and conclude with Commissioners of the Kingdom of Scotland, sufficiently authorized thereunto, for the Freedom of Trade between

both Kingdoms, by suspending the Impositions laid, since

the Year 16(10, upon any Commodities of the Growth or in§ *^unes heard on Monday Morning. Manufacture of either Kingdom: And what shall be so concluded, beingapproved of by his Majesty, to have Continuance for One whole Year, or until the End of the next Session of Parliament, which shall first happen. And it is referred to Sir Robert Atkins, Col. Birch, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Sir George

Downing, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir liam Lowiher, Mr. Comptroller; or any Three of them; to prepare and bring in a Bill accordingly.

closure.

Yarmouth

Pier.

of Outwood, was read the First time.

A Bill for repairing the Harbour and Piers of Great Yarmouth in Nor/blke was read: And the Matter thereupon, how the Pier was at first raised, and hath been formerly maintained; and what Lands, and other Revenue, are liable to the Maintenance; and that the Bill be made temporary; and other Matters; being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the whole Matter of the Debate, to Sir William Coventry, Mr. King, Mr. Jaye, Sir William Gaxvdy, Sir John S ix John Berkenhead, Sir William Lowther, Sir kins, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir William Doy Lord

Sir John Holland, Mr. Fran. Corey, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Pryn, Sir Charles Herbord, Sir Edm. WtCol. Reames, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr. Comptroller, Col. Birch, Lord Ancram, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir William Tomp-

son, Mr. Crmcch, Mr. Hambden, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Tho. Dike, Mr. Bnmckard, Mr. Sir Robert Carr, Sir William Lewis, Sir Walter Young, Sir Tho. Sir

James Thynn, Sir John Moreton, Sir

lip Harwich, Sir George Downing, Mr. Boscawen, Sir

Franc. Windham, Sir Nicho.Carey, Mr. Trevor, Sir Tho. Littleton, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norj'olke, Suffolke, the City of London, and the several

Sea Ports: And they are to meet on Monday next, in the Exchequer Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Gmeer do put the Lords in Writs of mind of the Bill concerning Cerlioraris. Certiorari#.

Ordered, That the Report of the Committee concern- Juries.

Ordered, That the Debate of the general Bill of Natu- General Na-ralization be adjourned, and resumed into Consideration turalization on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock. Bl11,

Ordered, That CoswaySpiller be inserted into the Bill

of Naturalization.

Committie*.

u’s

Lindsey

LreL

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned till Five of the Clock this Afternoon.

Die Sabbati, T Decembris, 1667-

f\RDERED, That the Lord Ancram, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Wren, Mr. Lovelace, Mr. Morrice Berkeley, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir William Godolphin, Mr. Rigby, Sir Thomas Tompkins, Sir Hugh Windham, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Lindsey Level, is committed; as also the Members, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester and So-mersett: And the Committee are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon.

CdDurnttMi. Ordered, That all Committees, which were disconti-

Resolved, &c. That the Concurrence of the Lords be Privilege — desired to the Votes of this House, concerning Freedom Freedom of of Speech in Parliament; and that a Conference be, on Speecl1' Monday next, desired to be had with the Lords: At which Time the Votes may be delivered, and Reasons for them given. And it is referred to Mr. Vaughan, Sir William Lout her, Mr. Swynfen, Mr. Solicitor General,

Sir Robert Atkins, Sir William Lewis, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Sir Tho. Lee; or any Three of them; to prepare Reasons to be offered at the Conference.

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee, to which the Hearth-Petition of the Blacksmiths, and the Matter of Com- nioney Tax-plaints concerning Abuses in collecting the Duty of Hearth-money, was committed, several Votes and Resolves of Grievances, and for a Bill to redress them:

Which are as followeth; viz.

1. That the Farmers or Commissioners for the Duty of Hearth-money, enforce Wool-Combers, who use earthen Pots of Coals, portable from Place to Place, called Combers Pots, to make their Wool run the better,

nued, be revived; and do sit at Two of the Clock this to pay for these Pots as Fire Hearths. Afternoon. ‘ ~ '

Lord Mor-dauni’i Ira-Dcachmeot.

Writ.

This ... Committee voted a Grievance.

2. That the first Farmers demand this Ditty of some Millers for a Flagg Stone in their Windmills, whereon they lay a Turf, or Fire Coal, to light a Candle withal: And this Stone they call a Fire Hearth, and distrain for the same:

This the Committee voted a Grievance.

3. The said Farmers demand from poor People, who, by all the several Acts, are exempted from this Duty, the Payment of this Money; who thereupon complain to

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Justices of the Peace of that County; which Justices, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing upon no further Prosecution, ask these poor People, why a new Member to serve for the Town of Bedford, instead they went not on to have Right done them; who told of Mr. Taylor deceased; the said Justices, that they had compounded with these

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Petition and Articles exhibited by Mr. Taylor against the Lord Moredant, was committed this Session, be empowered to peruse the Articles brought in the former Session; and examine what new Matter is contained in this Petition and Articles, which was not in the former Articles; and to proceed, and make their Report therein.

34

7° — 9° Qec

7.

Hearth- Farmers, and paid half: Apd so were content to /ease Money Tax. themselves of further Trouble.

That the Committee voted a Grievance.

4. That in other Places, they threatened the like poor People; and demanded this Duty for Seven Half Years; and cause a great Terror in {hem; and some, upon that Terror, paid it: Other, who were exempted by Poverty, after Two 1 ears, they distrained.

This the Committee voted a Grievance.

5. They likewise sent Warrants (with a Warrant which they got from some Justice of the Peace in the County) to warn all People within One Hundred or Division to appear before them, several Miles distant from their Habitation, upon the Penalties of the several Acts of Parliament for that Duty; and his Majesty’s Proclamation.

This the Committee voted a Grievance.

6. And, in other Places, they enforced the Constables to send abroad their Warrants, and to make their Surveys, and to receive this Money for them, and to bring it them at some Distance.

This the Committee voted a Grievance.

7. That upon Pretence of Concealment of Chimneys, they will be their own Judges; and exact the Penalty without Application to the Justices of the Peace: And, over-and-above the double Duty, they exact Twelve-pence for the Charge of the Distress.

This the Committee voted a Grievance.

8. They observe not the Clause of the Third Act: The Officers, with the Constables, are to certify to the Clerk of the Peace; and the Justices are to return it into the Exchequer; and so it is to stand: But this they observe not, but make themselves Judges, and thereupon distrain.

This the Committee voted a Grievance.

9. They do not allow legal Certificates, made by the Minister, and Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, and allowed by the Justices of the Peace, as being poor People, and exempted by the Law from this Duty; but, notwithstanding such Certificates, will make them pay.

This the Committee voted a Grievance.

10. That, they being summoned before Justices of the Peace, to determine Differences, they will not appear, nor obey their Determinations; and, in other Places, they said, They scorned to appear; and laughed.

This the Committee voted a Grievance.

11. That, after Distresses taken of much greater Value, than the Duty amounted unto, they will not, in Several Months, set the Distress; whereby the Surplusage may be timely restored to the Owners; and refuse to come before the Justices of the Peace, who sent for them for that purpose: And said, they would keep it Seven Years pro Defecto Emptorum.

This the Committee voted to be a Grievance.

12. That they have distrained the Goods of several Persons, who, by reason of their Poverty, and the Smallness of their Estates, are exempted from the usual Taxes, Payments, and Contributions, towards the Church endi Poor; their respective Houses not having above Two Fire Hearths or Stowes, nor divided into several Dwellings, nor set apart from Lands belonging to them.

This, as illegal, and a Grievance to the People, they desire may be redressed.

13. The said Officers demanded the Duty for Hearths walled up and destroyed before the first Survey, or any Act passed for Hearth Money.

This also a Grievance.

14. That several Persons, who have paid this Duty, and have Acquittances for the same, notwithstanding, are returned into the Exchequer as Defaulters; and Process from thence issued out to levy the same again.

This also a Grievance.

15. It is the Opinion of this Committee, that no private Oven; no Still; no Smith's Forge, or Blowing House; no Furnace; no Places in Kitchens for keeping Dishes w arm, or stewing; no Lead or Copper; nor any Place used only for conveying the Sma^c, or receiving

’ 22

the Coals drawn out of the said Ovens or Furnaces, or from under the said Coppers, and not used as /a Hearth, for any other Intent or Purpose; ought, by. any of the said Acts of Parliament, to be charged as Fire.Hearths; and be liable to the said Duty: And That the best Way to remedy the Inconveniences " ill be a new Bill.

Which Votes and Resolves, to, the Twelfth, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to by the House, to be Grievances.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate upon the Report concerning Hearth Money be adjourned till Tuesday Morning, the 'First Business.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 9° Decembris, 1667-

S I R Henry Peikham reports from the Committee, to De Costa’t which toe Bill for Naturalization of Alvaro de Costa ^at* and others, w-as committed, that the Committee had examined the Matter; and returned the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Hackney the Act touching Hackney Coachmen; and to inquire info Coachmen, toe Number of Hackney Coachmen; and whether there beany abuse in toe Licensing them, or in their Behaviour; and what Moneys have been raised upon that Act; and how the same hath been employed; and to prepare and bring in a Bill for preventing any Abuses, and better regulating and ordering Hackney Coachmen, if they find it necessary; viz.Sir Lane.Lake, Sir John Knight, Sir

Berkenhead, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles HarboMr. Mor-rice, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir William Mr.

Vi aughan, Mr. Scazeen, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. Steward,

Sir James Thynn, Sir Robert Brookes, Mr. Sir

William Coventry, Sir Edmund Windham, Sir Edward Oateley, Sir Robert King, and all the Members that serve for London, Wtsstminster, and Middlesex; or any Five

of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Sir John Weld, be Weld’s Debt, read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Jones reports from the Committee, to which the Irish CattU Matter touching importing Irish Cattle, was committed, importing, that the Committe had agreed an additional Bill to be presented to the House.

Ordered, That the additional Bill against importing Irish Cattle, be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House then proceeded to the hearing of the Cause Cambridge upon a Bill for erecting a Pest House near Cambridge: 1>est Houses*

And the Counsel on both sides, and some Witnesses, being called in; and heard; and the ingrossed Bill read;

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Comptroller delivered a Paper, containing Dupii- Poll Tax. cates of such Counties, in England and ales, as is wanting in the Poll Money.

Mr. Secretary Morrice delivers a Message in Writing, Message from his Majesty, touching the Adjournment: Which is as followeth; viz. ..... journment."

" The Time of Christmas drawing nigh, his Majesty conceives, that both your own Inclinations, and the Desires of your Countries, may make it seasonable for you to return to your Homes: And therefore his Majesty thinks fit, that there be an Adjournment on the 17th of this Instant Jhnoefafar, until the Beginning of February next."

Resolved,

i-

1 Si!

Sell

U’.l

*9 Car. II.

9°" — u°

Juriei.

Rosolwod, Sic. -That -the Report -ebtlceiliing -Juries be -heard.

Sir Thomas Gower baring, so Ptt#t,*raadte -Report frota the Committee, to which the-Matter touching-- Juries was committed; -and the Time df -the Day being-for spent; and the rest of the Report being long;

Resolved, &c. That the Report 'concerning Juries be adjourned, to be finished Tomorrow Morning.

CommittMi, Resolved, kc. That-all Committees'be revived; and

do sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, rin the Places formerly appointed.

Pubk j Ordered, That Mr. <C/iichley be added to the Com-

Acwuots. / wttee of Accompts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

S3

Ordered, That the rest of the Repdrt cOhcCrninW Jurids Juries be made To morrow Morning at Ten of the Cldclk.

IiWing Irisli Cattle.

Irish Land

Die Martis, 10® Decembris, 1 667-

AN additional Bill against importing of Irish Cattle, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second Time on Monday next.

A Petition of the Body of the Adventurers for lands

Adventurers, in Ireland, wa9 read.

Conference df5 red with

Ordered, That Mr. Cheney do go up to the Lords; and desire a Conference upon some Votes passed by this House, touching Freedom of Speech -in Parliament.

feting Ordered, That the Bill for Election of Members to serve

Members for in Parliament for the CouHty Palatine of Durham, be

Durham. "

read Tomorrow Morning.

Hearth

The House then proceeded in the Report concerning

Die Mercurii, 11° die D 1667.

f\ RDER ED, That Thomas Styles, the Servant of one Privilege.

Mr. Anthony Gaudy, be sent for into Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy,

for causing the Oxen or Cattle of Sxra Mem-

ber of this House, to be distrained, in Breach of the Privilege of this House: And that the said Oxen or Cattle be restored to the said Sir Henry Felton.

The ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, con- Earl of cerning the Earl of Clare, was read the First time. Clare’s

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Second time *tale‘ Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee for regulating the Cloath- cioathing ing, be revived: And they are to meet Tommorrow' at Two Tiade‘ of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Phillip Warwick reports from the Committee ap- Prize Ships, pointed to prepare a Bill for making use of Foreign Prize Ships, as English built.

-A Bill for that Purpose; was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition, intituled, The humble Petition of the truly M.on*y 1r*' loyal, deep-suffering, Commission Officers, was read. fndigent°r

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to a Committee, to officers, take and examine the Accompts of the Treasurer of the Monies received for the truly loyal indigent Commission Officers; and of the like Monies received by Mr.

Or any others; and to examine what is unpaid; and in whose Hands the same is; and also to examine all Frauds \

in the Disposure, Payment, and the Non Payment of the said Money; and, if they see Cause, to bring in a Bill

MomjTm. Hearth Money: And all the restof the Resolves, from for that purpose; Sir Adam Bmcne, Major General

— i Edgerion, Sir Sir Sir

Hugh Wyndham, Sir Wm. Lcr& ther, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Richard Braham, Sir Edmund Wall-poole, Sir Thomas Clergis, Mr. King, Sir Antho. Irby, Col. Kirby, Sir John Birkenhead, Col. Whitley, Col. Money; and for the better ascertaining the said Duty Sir Solomon Sude, Mr. Geo. Weld, Sir Jo.

upon the several Heads: And the Opinions of the Com- tvn> gjr jona Mr. Morrice, Lord Fanshaxc, Sir

raittee, in their Report, being all agreed to by the House; QUb Talbott, Col. Wyndham, Col. Birch; or any Five of it is referred to the same Committee, to prepare and bring . And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

the Eleventh, with the Opinion of the Committee, being read the Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to by the House, to be G rievances.

Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in, for redressing the Grievances and Abuses in the Collection of Hearth

in a Bill accordingly.

F.arl of Cljrts

Hi.lie.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Richard Proctor and Dr. Crofts;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bll intituled, An Act for settling Part of the Possession of the late Earl of Clare, deceased; and enabling Gilbert Earl of Clare, Son and Heir, to dispose of some other Part

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Proctor and Dr. Prices of Crofts; W *ues» c*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the hetter Execution of the Laws concerning the Prices of Wines; and for the Prevention thereof, for Payment of Debts and Portions: To which of the Sophistication of them: To which they desire the they desire the Concurrence of this House. Concurrence of this House.

And further to let you know, that the Lords have agreed to the Vote of this House, for the burning the The House resumed the Hearing of the rest of the Re-Paper from the Earl of Clarendon by the Hands of the port touching the Matter of Restraints upon Juries; and Hangman; and have given Order for the burning of the That upon the Examination of divers Witnesses in several same accordingly, oil Thursday next, at Gresham College, Causes, of Restraints put upon Juries by the Lord Chief

Restraints on Joriei.

An*rer to

igc for taiereace.

at Exchange-time.

M. Cheny reports, that he had delivered the Message to the Lords for desiring a Conference: And they acquainted him, that, no Matter being expressed, they would send Answer by Messenger of their own.

Justice Keeling: *

Gftrence A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Richard Proctor ’""Lords, and Mr. Crofts;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed, and appointed a j Conference, presently, in the Painted Chamber, i . Ordered, That the Members, who were appointed to prepare Reasons for this Conference, do manage the same. Vo i. IX.

Whereupon the Committee made their Resolutions. *'* *

The Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

That the Proceedings of the Lord ChiCf Justice, in Cases now reported, are Innovation* in the Trial of Meti for their Lives and Liberties; and that he hath used an arbitrary and illegal Power, which is of dangerous Consequences to the Lives and Liberties of the People of England; and tends to the introducing of ah arbitrary Government.

That, in the Place- of judicature, thie Lofd Chief Justice hath undervalued, vilified, and contCmned, Maghti

Chart a.

Lord Chief Justice desires to be heard.

Impeach* ment of Pett

Exporting

Leather.

Money received for indigent Officers.

Escapes from London Sheriffs.

Hepairing

Highways-

Thef's and Robberies.

Committee of Grievances.

Malms bury Writ.

Noi tman’s Mat.

Land Revenue in in Ireland.

Fitton's ' Petition,

3(5 ii° — 12° Decembris. 1667.

Charta, the great Preserver of our Lives, Freedoms, and Property.

That he be brought to Trial, in order to condign Punishment, in such manner as the House shall judge most fit and requisite.

The House being informed that the Lord Chief Justice desired to be heard, at the Bar of this House, to make his Defence;

Resolved, &c. That the Lord Chief Justice Keeling have Liberty to be heard, at the Bar of this House, to make his Defence to the Matter charged against him, on Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Heads of the Report concerning the Lord Chief Justice Keeling be delivered to his Lordship.

Ordered, That the Articles against Mr. Pett be read To morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of the Amendments to the Bill for exporting of tanned Leather, be heard To-inorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 12° Dece, 1667-

0 HNNortman did this Day take the Oath of Alle-J giance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerks Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Sir John Rolls.Sir Col.

Lowther, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Rich. Oatley, Sir John Heath, Sir Tho. Tompkins, be added

to the Committee, to which the Matter concerning the truly loyal indigent Officers, is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for indemnifying the late Sheriffs of London, by the Escape of Prisoners in the Time of the Fire, be revived; and to sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all the Members of the Long Robe are added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee concerning the repairing of the Highways, and the Committee concerning the Prevention of Robberies, be both revived, and joined together; and to sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Grievances have Leave to sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, for Dispatch of the Causes now depending before them: And that the Committee, to which Mr. s Petition was

committed, do sit at the same time.

Ordered, That the Writ for a new Election at Malms-bury in the County of Wilts, be delivered to Sir James Thynn, Knight of the Shire.

Ordered, That the Name of John Nortman be inserted into the ingrossed Bill for Naturalization; he being this Day sworn; and having received the Sacrament, as, by Certificate attested, appears.

Resolved, &c. That the Surveyors General of his Majesty's Lands in England and Ireland do, at the First Meeting next after the Recess, bring into this House an Account of what Part of his Majesty’s Lands, Revenues, Rents, and Fee Farm Rents, and forfeited Lands, have been alienated or granted, since the 25th o 1640;

and to whom; and for what Consideration; with the respective annual Values thereof.

A Petition, intituled, The humble Petition of Alexander Fit ton Esquire, Prisoner in the King's Bench, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Coleman, Sir Tho. Tompkins, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Gilbert Gerrard,

Lord Ancram, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Waller, Sir Birkenhead, Major General Edgerton, %‘vcjohn Moreton,

Sir Edw. Walpoole, Mr. Jolly, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Wm.

Lowther, Lord Richardson, Sir Henry Ccesar, Mr.

Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Jo. Trevor, Mr. Garraway, Sir Nicho. Carey, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Cheyne, Sir Coventry, Sir Fretchvile Hollis: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; particularly to send to Sir John Lenthall, to cause the said Mr. Fitton, now his Prisoner, to be brought in Custody before the Committee, according to the usual Course of Law.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Childe and Lords aBre« Sir Tho. Estcourt; at

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- conference, quaint you, that they agree with this House in the Votes delivered them at the last Conference.

The House being informed, that one Symonds had a Person transported the Earl of Clarendon; sent for in

Ordered, That Symonds, belonging to one of the cusl0<’y‘ Customhouse Ketches, be sent for in safe Custody, forthwith, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy.

Sir Geo. Damming reports from the Committee, to which Exporting the Bill for exporting tanned Leather, was committed, Leather-several Amendments and Additions, agreed upon by the said Committee, to be made to the same: Which he read in his Place: W hich, being alterwards twice read at the Clerk’s Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee to Commission-which it was referred, the Names of Twenty Persons, out ers 01 Public of which the House may choose a Number of Commis- Account8, sioners to be inserted into the Bill for taking and examining the publick Accounts.

Resolved, See. That the Number of Commissioners be Nine.

Resolved, &c. That the Lord Brereton be one of the Commissioners for taking and examining the publick Accounts.

Resolved, Sec. That Sir George Savile be one of the Commissioners.

Resolved, Sec. That Mr. Giles Dunstar be one of the Commissioners.

Resolved, Sec. That Wm. Pierpont Esquire be one of the Commissioners.

The Question being put, That Sir James Langham be one of the said Commissioners;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

] For the Yea, 8s,

} Tor the Noes.

And so it was Resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Sec. That Col. Henry Osborne be one of the said Commissioners.

Resolved, &c. That Sir Wm. Turner Alderman of London be one of the said Commissioners.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. George Thompson be one of the said Commissioners.

The Question being put, That Leave be given to name a Commissioner, contrary to the former Order of this:

House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Sec. That Mr. John Gregory be one of the said Commissioners.

Resolved,

19 Ca r . II. .12° — 13 ° — 140 3 7

Resolved, That the Quorum of the Commissioners be i Five.

\ Resolved, &c. That the further Debate upon the Bill of Accounts be adjourned till Saturday Morning.

/ A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Dr. Crofts-,

Wj Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two k 5 ' Bills: One, intituled, An Act for enabling of Sir William Juron Knight and Baronet, Executor of the last Will and Testament of Dr. Wm. the late Archbishop of , ... Canterbury, to recover part of his Estate: The other,' £t"j,0|ng intituled, An Act for Banishing and Disenabling the Claiwdoo. Earl of Claraidon: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ancram, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Jo. Talbott, Mr. Jones, Mr. Garraway, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. 'Trevor,

Sir Edward Harlow, Sir George Re Sir,

Mr. Dowdwell, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Grey,

Air. Lucy, Sir Fowke Lucy, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Nicho. Carey, Mr. Millward, and all the Alembers that serve for North and South Wales, the Counties of Chester, Lincolnshire, Yorkshire, Somersett, and Cornwall: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are further impowered to receive Information of Persons who have violated the late Act; and to send for such Persons as. they shall think fit to be examined by the Committee thereupon.

CooimittaM. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Saturday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock. i

Die Veneris, 13* , 1667.

Electing A BIL L for the Election of Members to serve in I Veinben for f\ Parliament for the County Palatine of Durham, Durham. was rea(j the First time.

! Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second

time on Monday next.

Id of The ingrossed Bill for settling the Possession of John Earl of Clare, deceased, and enabling Gilbert Earl of Clare to dispose of some other Part thereof, for Payment of Debts and Portions, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr.

Grey, Mr. Brunckard, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Cheyne, Sir John Coventry, Mr. WestpSir Tho. Gower, Sir

I Henry Ccesar, Sir Edmund Sir John Knight,

Sir Cha. Harbord, Earl of Ogle, Mr. Morrice, Mr.

| ward, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Cl Clifton, Mr. Sir

Richard Oat eley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Talbott,

Colonel Phillipps, Sir Hugh Wyndham. Sir Robert Carr,

Sir John Rennet, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Phillip Sir John Downey, and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Staff ord, Nottiand Middlesex: And

they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

i Wood- Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter

i moDgtnand concerning Wood and Coals is referred, be revived; and

hi hulden. jo sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed, notwithstanding the Sitting of the Grand Committee of Grievances.

Du Coita’i The ingrossed Bill for the Naturalization of Alvaro da ic- Nat- Costa, and others, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass; and that the Title shall be, A Bill for naturalizing Alvaro da Costa and others.

Lncn- Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill concerning Sir Thomas jborpe’i Leventhorpe be read Tomorrow Morning.

Importing -^n additional Bill for preventing the Importation of Iruh Cattle. Irish Cattle was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Air. mod, Mr Buscowen, Sir John Bennett, Sir -

ney, Mr. Su'infen, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Tompkins,

Sir Robert Carr, Sir James Thynn, Mr. Hobby, Sir Jo. Mounson, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Sir Trevor

Williams, Sir John Bennett, Sir Jo. Dawney, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Geo. Weld, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Jo. Heath, Sir Tho.Higgins, Sir Coventry, Lord

Vol. IX.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for Banishing Banishing and Disenabling the Earl of Clarendon, was Earl of read the First time. Clarendon.

The House of Commons taking Notice of the Flight of the Earl of Clarendon, being under an Impeachment of the said House of Commons, for High Treason;

Resolved, See. That his Majesty be humbly desired to Proclama-issue out a Proclamation for summoning the said Earl of tll,n foj'1,13 Clarendon to appear by a Day, and the apprehending en* him, in order to his Trial.

Ordered, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Vote: And the Lord Cavendish is to carry it up to the Lords.

The House being informed, That is not to Person

be found, and so cannot be apprehended, according to orderetl into xr . 3 Custody

the Order of \ esterday; absconded.

Ordered, That the Farmers of his Majesty’s Customs do take care to command the said Symonbeing their Servant, to attend this House on Monday next.

The House then proceeded to the Hearing of the Lord juries — Chief Justice Keeling, as to his Defence to the Alatters Chief Justice

CD ’ r i'

charged against him. heard8

Resolved, See. That a Chair be brought into the House, for his Lordship to rest upon.

The Lord Chief Justice Keeling, being called in, made his Defence to the Matters charged against him.

Resolved, Sec. That Candles be brought in.

Then the Debate of the whole Alatter concerning the Lord Chief Justice Keeling

Resolved, Sec. That the Precedents and Practice of Fining or Imprisoning Jurors is illegal.

Resolved, Sic. That this House proceed no further upon the Alatter against the Lord Chief Justice Keeling.

Ordered, That the Lord St. John have Leave to bring in a Bill for declaring the Fining and Imprisoning of Jurors illegal.

Ordered, That the Committees which were to sit this Committees. Afternoon; vis the Committee for Grievances; the Committee upon the Impeachment of the and the Committee concerning Wood and Coal; be adjourned till Tomorrow Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 14* Decembris, 1667*

A PETITION, intituled, The humble Petition of preuyman’s jl\ Sir John PrettymanKnight, Burgess for the Petition.

Borough of Leicester, now Prisoner in the King's Bench, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition he committed to Sir Tho. Tompkins, Mr. George, Sir Wm. Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Morrice, Sir John Knight, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Birkenhead, Col. and all the

Members that serve for the County of Leicester; or any

K Three

j8

14* Decembris.

A< *6

Attendance fcf Members.

Weymond-sold's Estate.

Prices of Wines, See.

Exporting

Leather.

Three of them: And they1 are to diamine the Matter of the said Petition; and reportthe same, with their Opinions, to the House: And they are to meet on Monday next* at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That the Sheriffs of the respective Counties do give Notice or Summons to the Members of this House, in the several Counties and Boroughs for which they serve, that they attend the Service of this House at the next Meeting after the Recess, according to their Duty: And that the House be called over on the next Thursday alter their First Meeting.

A Bill on the Behalf of Dau-es JVeytrwndsold Esquire, for settling of sundry customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of IVimbleton, being tendered;

Resolved, &c. That the said BiH be read on the First Friday next after the Meeting of the Recess.

The in grossed Bill sent down from the Lords, for the better Execution of the Laws concerning the Prices of Wines, and for Prevention of the Sophistication of them, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

The ingrossed Bill, for giving Liberty to buy Leather, and export it, and Skins tanned or dressed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass; and that the ’ Title be, An Act for giving Liberty to buy and export Leather, and Skins tanned or dressed: And that Colonel Birch do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

I Resolved, See. That his Majesty be humbly moved

('from this House, by the Members of this House of his Majesty's Privy Council, that he will be pleased to encourage the Wearing of the English Manufactures.

Prize Ships. The Bill for encouraging of Trade, by making Prize Ships free Ships of Trade, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Phillip Warwick, Sir IVm. TSir Hum fry Winch, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Coventry, Sir Tito. Higgins, Sir Tho. Clei'gis, Sir Walter Young, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Love, Mr. Steward, Col. Reames, Sir Jo. Sir Jo.

Fredericke, Sir Cha.Wheeler, Sir Edm. Walpoole, Mr.

Morrice, Sir Fretchvile Hollis, Sir' Tho. Littleton, Col. Sandys, Lord Richardson, Sir Sir Jo.

ston. Sir Henry Capell, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr. Cheyne, Sir Edm. Wyndham, Sir Jo. Denham, Col. Birch, Sir George Downing, Mr.

and all the Members that serve for the Out-ports: And they have Power to receive and consider of Proposals for bringing down the Prices of Timber; and for regulating the making of Brick for the rebuilding the City of And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the inner Court of Wards; and to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

*0

; i1

t>

Post Meridiont, 14* Dedctnbrw, 1

AN ingrossed Bill for settling certain Manors, Lands, Levea-and Tenements, of Sir John Baronet,

in the Counties of Essex and Hertford, was read the *’ Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling of certain Manors,. Lands, and Tenements, of Sir John Leventhorpe Baronet, in the Counties of Essex and Hertford.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Woo#* which the Matter concerning Wood and Coal, was re- monger* and ferred, be made on Monday Morning next Inn-holder*.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Petition Lord Mor-of Mr. Taylor wa9 committed, concerning the Lord danl’s Im-Mordant, do hear and examine Witnesses, on Behalf of the Lord Mordant, and all others concerned, before they make their Report in that Matter.

f. V

J*'- '

(A*

Wearing English Manufactures.

Message from Lords of intention to sit.

Vote delivered to Lords.

Publick

Accounts,

1

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Dr. Crofts;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint this House, that their Lordships intend to sit this Afternoon pt Four of the Clock.

The Lord Cavendish reports, that he had delivered the Vote of this House to the Lords, for his Majesty’s issuing a Proclamation for the summoning and apprehending the Earl of Clarendon; and that the Lords will return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking the publick Accounts, be proceeded in at Three of the Cloek in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition, intituled, The humble Petition of James Silk-Bmvles and others, Silk-throwers, on the Behalf of them- throwers’ selves and others, was read. Petition.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be committed to Mr. Love, Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. Coventry, Col Sir

Rich. Ford, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Sir Geo. Dozening, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr.

Jones, Sir Jo. Fredericke, Sir Wm. Lorwther, Sir John Shaw, Sir Rich. Browne, Col. Phillips, Sir Solomon Swale,

Mr. Jolly, Mr. Morrice, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Progers, Sir Tho. Metres, Mr. Foord, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Richard Oateley, Sir Mr. Henley, Mr Weld, Sir Wm.Coventry, Sir

Young, and all that serve for the City of London, Borough of Southwarke, and County of Surrey: And they are to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Holland, Servant to Sir Clifford A Person to Clifton, do attend this House on Monday Morning next. atte, ld*

whereas this House, by their Vote, 12th Instant, Land resolved, &c. That the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s J'ey< n"e Lands, in England and Ireland, do, at the first Meeting '* <a> next after the Recess, bring into this House an Account of what Part of his Majesty’s Lands, Revenues, Rents,

Fee Farm Rents, and forfeited Lands, have been alienated or granted since the 2,5th of March 1640; and to whom; and for what Consideration; with the respective annual V alues thereof: For the better Explanation of the said V ote and Execution thereof, in relation to Ireland; it is now Ordered, That the said Vote extend to the ancient Crown Lands in Ireland; and of those Lands, Rents, and Revenues, reserved for the Use of the Crown by the Act of Settlement, and Explanation of Ireland; and which weFe not to be alienated by the said Acts of Parliament, and Explanation. And that the Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Auditor General, for Ireland, do take care to see this Order executed accordingly.

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee to Trade which it was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for J,p^®e^nS* balancing a Trade between England and Ireland, Ireland.

A Bill for that Purpose; which was read the First time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning next.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Bill for Publick taking and examining the publick Accounts. cco n

Resolved, See. That these Words; viz. "One thousand Pounds by the Year, for Diet of the Commissioners; and J 22 also,’’

V'.

tili

r

X.\' ,|

I- *;

9

19 Car, II. 14° — 16° . 59

*186/’ be inserted into the Bill, betweeta the Wdttls paid" and " such/’ in the 24th Lin© in the 5th Folio.

Resolved, kc. That the Words " Hoose Heat" be inserted before the Word " Clerks/’ hi the 18th Lift® of the said 5th Folio.

Rssotved, &c. That! the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Debtors Sir Charles Harhord reports from the Committee to Relief. which the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, was committed,

several Amendments, Additions, agreed to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards brought up to the Clerk’s Table: Which, being twite read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, kc. That the said Bill, with the Amend- merits, be ingrossed.

Earl of Sir Thomas Gower reports from the Committee to (W» which, the ingrossed Bill concerning the Earl of Clare

Esttle- was committed, that they had Considered of the Bill, and

examined all Parties concerned; and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment thereto.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be now read the Third time:

Which was read accordingly.

Resolved, kc. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling Part of the Possessions of John late Earl of Clare, deceased, and enabling Gilbert Earl of Clare, his Son and Heir, to dispose of other Part thereof, for Payment of Debts and Portions:

Adjoon- The Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House was divided:

The Noes went forth.

Tellers.

Mr.’

Si! B^nrvckmortm}for the Noes> «0-

So it passed in the Negative.

Wd'i Debt The Bill on the Behalf of Sir John Weld, was read the Second time.

The Petition, intituled, The humble Petition of , delphia Lady Wentworth, in the Behalf of the Lady Henrietta Maria her Daughter; who is Daughter and Heir of Thomas Lord Wentworth, and Grandchild and of; Heir of Thomas Earl of Cleveland; was also read.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Weld, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Moun Sir Throck-

morton, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Jo. Denham, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Wm.Coventry, Sir WLmcther, Mr. Pro-gers, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Ralph Banks, Col. Williams, Sir Tho. Metres, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Cultiford, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Bennett, Wit

James Smith, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Sir Tompkins, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Tho. Osborne, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Pepys, Mr. Pitt, Lord Combury, Sir Hugh Wyndham, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Geo. How, Mr. John Bennett: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

terrace A Message from the Lords, by # # w» Lords — Mr. Speaker, The House of Lords have sent us to ac-Apprefcnd- quaint this House, that the Lords desire a present Con-ctadln krence *n Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter i5- u‘ ' of the last Message sent to them.

The House agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord St. John, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Tho. Metres, Sir Tho. Osborne, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Edm. Wallpoole, Mr. Trevor, do attend the Conference with the Lords.

The Lord St. John reports, that they had attended the Conference; at which the Lords gave them Two Reasons for their dissenting from the Vote of the House of Commons; viz.

Vo L.IX.

For that they conceive a Proclamation, io the W ay proposed, would be ineffectual; since it is not sub poena, canvictionis; which cannot be, till Particulars, in order to a Trial, be declared.

2. That what the House of Commons hath proposed, and do propose, at present, i9 intended in order to a judicial Way of Proceeding: But, since the Earl of Clarendon’s Flight, their Lordships, upon Consideration of the whde State of AflairS, and of the Kingdom, have, upon Grounds of Prudence and Justice, thought fit, for the Security of King and Kingdom, to proceed in a legislative Way against the said Earl; and have, to that End, passed, and sent down unto them, a Bill of Banishment and Incapacity against him; with which this Vote is inconsistent.

Resolved, kc. That the Matter of this Conference be taken into Consideration on Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committees. Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Petition Clothing of the Clothiers in the West Riding of Yorkshire is com- Trade* mitted, be revived; and do sit on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Die Luna, 16° Decembris, 1667.

A BILL for making good Recoveries, suffered by Golding’s Richard Golding, was read the Second time. Estate.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill be committed to Sir Norton Knatchbold, Sir John Goodricke, Sir Lead her, Sir So-

lomon Swale, Mr. Steward, Mr. Crouch, Sir John TalbottT Mr. Hobby, Sir Jo. Brampston, Mr. Pepys, Mr.

vng, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Tho. Grncer, Sir John Covert, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are to Summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Baynham Throckmorton, Sir Trevor Throckmor-Williams, and others, was read, praying Relief and Satis- ton's Debt, faction of Two thousand Pounds owing by the Earl of Cleaveland.

Resolved, kc. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Bill of Sir John Weld, for Satisfaction of a Debt due to him from the Earl of Cleaveland, was committed; to take the Matter of the Petition into Consideration; and report it, with their Opinion, to the House.

Upon Information given to the House, that one Privilege. Wormwell, John and Fran. Wrenham, and Francis Johnson, having recovered a Verdict against one # a

Tenant of the Lord Newborough, a Member of this House; and have since that Time, viz.about a Fortnight since, without Judgment obtained, which the Judges of the King’s Bench refused to permit, by Force arid Practice turned the said Deacon out of Possession of a Tenement in Sutton Marsh, which he holds of the Lord Newborough; contrary to the Privileges of Parliament;

Ordered, That this Matter of Breach of Privilege, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine, and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Sir Thomas Higgons reports from the Committee to ^Vood_ which it was referred to examine Abuses and Extortions monger# in inhancing the Prices of W ood, Coal, and Fewelling, and and inn. ’ Abuses in ballasting of Ships, was committed, several Votes holders> and Resolves agreed by the Committee: Which he opened in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; Whiefc «fre te followeth; vis.

That

1

'v

Wood-mongers and innholders.

16° Decembris. 1667.

That the selling of Billets by Notches, by the Wood-mongers and Retailers of Wood, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, is

an uncertain and deceitful Way, and not fit to be continued.

That Billets, for the future, shall be sold by the Stack, within the Liberties of London and , and the

Suburbs thereof.

That every Stack shall contain Eight Foot in Length, and Four Foot in Height.

That every Billet shall contain the Length now directed by the Statute; viz.Three Foot and Four Inches.

That whatever Woodmonger, or Retailer of Wood, within the Liberties of London and , shall sell

Billets otherwise than is hereby directed, being convicted thereof by Two Witnesses, before a Justice of the Peace, or by the View of a Justice of the Peace, shall, for the First Offence, forfeit to the Informer; for the Second

Offence, shall forfeit his Wood so offered to Sale, and - Five Pounds; and, for every other Offence, shall forfeit his Wood so offered to Sale, and Ten Pounds; the said Penalty to be levied by Warrant under the Hand of the said Justice, before whom such Conviction is had.

Provided, that, if the said Woodmonger be aggrieved he may have Appeal to the next Sessions.

That, for the future, there shall be one Size of Hardwood Faggots sold in the Liberties of London and Westminster.

That the Size of Faggots shall continue as they are now by the Statute.

That the Stops of Faggots shall not exceed Four Inches about; nor be less than a Foot in Length.

That whosoever shall, after the First of May 1670, sell any Faggots of any lesser Size than is hereby provided, shall lorieit the Faggots so sold; and incur the same Penalty, as in case ot Stackwood.

That the House be moved for a Bill to be brought in for selling ot Billets and Faggots according to this Regulation.

That the House be moved to insert a Clause in this Bill, for repealing the Woodmongers Charter, and preventing any such Charter for the future.

That, for the future, all Ballast-lighters be gauged and marked once ii Two Years; and no Lighter employed, but what is g uaed and marked.

That the Master of the Trinity House be required to tike care, that no Ships be made stay for their Ballast; and that all Ships may have their full Tonage of Ballast.

That when Men have once paid for their Ballast they may dispose of it as they please, at their own Charges.

That the Abuse in the Ballast is but a pretext for raising ot Coals.

That the Price set upon Coals, betwixt this and the Five-and-twentieth ot March next shall not exceed Thirty Shillings the Chaldron.

And the several Votes and Resolves concerning Billets, Faggots, and Wood, were Twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The Votes concerning the Ballasting of Ships and Lighters, w ere read the Second time:

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of the Votes concerning Ballast, be adjourned till the Meeting atter Christmas.

The Vote concerning setting a Price on Coals was Twice read:

The Question being put, That the further Debate of this Vote be adjourned till after Christmas;

The House was divided;

The Yeas went out Tellers,

Hr‘ j for the Yeas, 121.

Mr. Buscowen j

Sir Tho. Higgons 7 for the Noes, 72,

Mr. Cheyne 3

And so it was Resolved in the Affirmative.

The Lord Ancram reports from his Royal Highness the Fortifying Duke of Yorke, an Answer in Writing to the Desire of Sheemew#. this House: Which he read; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Which is as followeth;

"Being desired by the House of Commons to let them know what Orders I gave for the tortitying oi Sheernesse; and to whom, and when; I am very ready to give them what Satisfaction I can; though it be but little 1 am able to say to them on this Subject."

" I waited on his Majesty, when he went to Sheernesse, at the latter End of February last; and I . present, when his Majesty caused the Fort to be marked out; and, also, when he gave Order to the Commissioners of the Ordnance to go in hand with the Building of it: But, it not being in my Province to give Orders on Shore, neither the Commissioners of the Ordnance, nor any body else, did ever receive Orders from me for doing that Work.

It’s very true, that knowing the Importance of that Place for the securing of his Majesty’s Navy, I did presently alter his Majesty’s Return lrom thence to,

recommend to the Commissioners of the Ordnance, the going in hand with the Battery upon the Point at Sheernesse."

" James."

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Reasons from Apprehend-the Lords, delivered at the last Conierence, lor their dis- "K K*rl senting from the Vote of this House, lor desiring his c|‘uen0on* Majesty to issue a Proclamation lor summoning the Earl ot Clarendon by a L’av, and apprehending him, in order to a Trial, be taken up this Afternoon at'l hree of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House debated the Reasons from the Lords, delivered the last Conierence.

The Question being propounded, That the Lords Reasons are satisfactory;

And the Question being put, That the Question be put; The House w'as divided:

Ditto,

The Yeas went forth.

T ellers,

Sir Nicholas Carao Sir Robert Carr Lord St.John Sir Robert Howard

for the Yeas, 65. for the Noes, 101.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Question being propounded, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, for Banishing and Disenabling the Earl of Clarendon, be now read the Second time;

And the Question being put, That the Question be now put;

It was Resolved in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put, that the Bill be now read;

The House was divided:

The Yeas w'ent forth.

Tellers,

Sir John Talbot Mr. Trevor Lord Cavendish Sir Robert Carr

So it was Resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read the Second time accordingly.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed, upon the whole Debate, to Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Garraway, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Jo.Heath, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Ant ho. Cope,

Col. Birch, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Tho. Goner, Sir Jo. Bennett, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Lord

1

for the Yeas, for the Noes,

109.

55-

Banishing Earl of Clarendon.

ip: Car, II. 16" — 170 — 18 0 Decembris.

4*

Fitzharding, Lord St. John, Sir Fran. Mr.

Swinfen, Sir Tho. Osborne, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Prytt,

Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. Solicitor; General, Mr. Trevor, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Tho.

1 gis, Mr. Mania, Serjeant ChaSir Phill.

j Sir IVm. Hickman, Sir Trevor Sir Hugh

ham, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Carezo, Col. Kirby, Sir Jo. Talbott: And all that come are to have Voiees: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two ( of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Cham-! ber: And to have Power to send for Persons, Papers,

\ and Records.

Carr's

petition.

riot

COfu

Die Mart is, IT Decembris, 1667.

A PETITION of Wm. Carr, complaining against the Lord Gerrard, was read.

Mr. Carre, being called in, did own the Petition, and his Name subscribed to it: And one of the printed Papers, dispersed at the Door, being shewed to him, he did own, that they were delivered by his Direction; but did not know, who printed it.

The Question being put, That the Petition of Carre be committed;

The House was divided.

The N oes went out.

Sir Nicho.Carete, \

Sir Tho. Thom3

Sir Robert \

Sir Tho. Dotcman, 3

So it passed in the Negative.

for the Yeas, 76. for the Noes, 81.

delivered in the same at the Clerk’s Table: Which being Twice read; and severally agreed to;

Resolved, Sue. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The ingrossed Bill for taking the Accompts of the se- Publick veral Sums of Money, therein mentioned, was read. Accompts.

Resolved, &c. That the Blank in the Body of the Bill, where the Oath is, (to be taken by the Commissioners) be filled up with these Words; viz. An Act for taking the Accounts of the several Sums of Money therein mentioned:

Which was done; and some other Blanks filled up.

Ordered, That Mr. Love, Sir IJellis, Sir

Robert Howard, Mr. Head, or any Two of them, have Leave to prepare and bring in an ingrossed Proviso (upon the present Debate) to be atlded to the said Bill, against Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Comptroller having delivered in a Paper of Du- Poll-Tax, plicates, of such Counties in England and , as are wanting in the Poll-money;

Ordered, That the Members of the several Counties do take Copies of the said Paper; and take care to see the Duplicates returned according to the Act; and give an Account thereof to the House, at the next Sitting alter the Recess.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to look into Dover Pier, the Act for repairing of Dover Pier, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed: And they are to send to the Trinity House, if they see Cause.

doa.

j|(;a, P je. Mr. Secretary Morriceacquaints the House, that his fcmjAd- Majesty, taking notice, that some Bills, necessary to re-joimuMt. cejve a Spee(ly Dispatch, did yet lie before the House, not quite finished, was pleased, the House Should continue their Sitting till Thursday next.

Trade with A Pill for settling the Balance of Trade between Scutlad. land and Scotland, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Warwick, Mr. Jolly, Sir IVm. Sir Tho. Goner,

Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Solomon Swale, Col. Birch, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Henry Ctcsar, Mr. Sir John Talbott, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Crouch, Sir James Thynn, Mr. Love, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Ant ho. Irby, Mr. Mu.grave. Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Sir

Thompson, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Kiln:. Sir

Fredcricke, Sir Walter Young, Sir Tho. Osborne, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Allen Broder/cke, Sir John Heath, Sir

Moreton, Sir Geo.Reeves, Mr. Howe, Mr. Sir Tho.

Allen, Sir Rich.Foord, Mr. Mr. Sir

Humphrey Winch: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to stud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tra, jei,f. That the House will, at their next Meeting after tvtuKujr- Christmas, take into Consideration the Matter of Trade

bdand between England and Ireland.

Mud. s

Die Mercurii, 18° Decembris,1667-

/ORDERED, That these Members following be Fitton’s S' added to the Committee, to which the Petition of Petition.

Mr. Fit ton is committed; viz. Sir Robert Long, Sir Gower, Sir Robert Brookes, Mr. Wynne, Mr.

Musgrave, Sir Wm. Lend her. Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. pha/ing, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Allen: And all the

Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all that serve for the Counties of Cheshire and Lancashire; are likewise added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of Lcn- Prices of don, the Justices of Peace ot Louden, and ^'oa's> &c-

Surra/, and others concerned, do forthwith put the Laws for settling Prices on Coals in Execution; and give an Account of it to the House, at their First Meeting after Christmas: And, for their hotter effecting of it, to inquire what Lightermen, or others, have Stores ot Coals in their Hands.

Resolved, &c. That the House w ill, at their Meeting Militia Laws, after Christmas, in the First Place, take into Consideration the Act concerning the Militia, and the Defects therein: And that no private Business he entertained, till the publick Business he dispatched.

ffiitman’s A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mundeford Bramp-h*ie- slot: and Dr. Crofts-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for settling the Lands therein mentioned upon Sir Richard Wiseman, and John P/ott, and their Ileirs, to enable them the better to perform a Trust; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Which Amendments were Twice read: and, on the Question, agreed; and inserted in the Bill; and read a Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill be returned to the Lords.

Prize Slips. Sir John Knight reports from the Committee, to which the Bill for Encouragement of Trade, was committed, ser veral Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: V. such he read in his Place; and afterwards Vox.. IX.

A Proviso, to be added to the Bill of Accompts, was Publii-k tendered; and Twice read.--- Accompts.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Committee, to Trade with which the Bill for settling of Trade between Scotland.

Scotland, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill; and that the Committee had left it to the House to fill up the Blank relating to Commissioners.

And the Amendments being twice read; and some Alterations and Additions, on the Question, agreed, and made at the Table; and it being proposed, and, on the Question, agreed, That the Number of Commissioners be Twelve, the Quorum l ive, and the King to name the Commissioners; and the Bill being so amended;

Resolved, I hat the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

L

1

4*

18° — 196 D

A. 1667.

Publick

Accompts.

Ordered, That the House do sit this Afternoon: And that Sir Thomas Gower do acquaint the Lords with it; and desire the Lord* would also please to sit.-----

A Proviso, touching buying and selling of Tickets, was Thrice read.

Resolved, See. That the Proviso be agreed to, and made; Part of the Bill of Accompts.

Another Proviso was tendered, and Thrice read, i Resolved, &c. That this Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

\ Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass; and that the 'vTitle be, An Act for taking the Accompts of the several Sums of Money therein mentioned.

Price Ships. An ingrossed Bill for making Prize Ships free for Trade, w as read the Third time.

A Proviso for making Tw o Ships at Boston free, was read Thrice; and agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for making Prize Ships free for Trade.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry up this

Bill, and the Bill of Accompts, to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Trade with Scotland.

Debtors

Relief,

Silk-

throwsters’

Trade.

Banishing Earl of Clarendon.

The Question being put, That the Amendments in the Bill do pass;

The House divided: The Y eas w ent out. Tellers, Mr. Trevor,

Sir John Talbott, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Nicho. Carcw,

| for the Yeas, 65. for the Noes, 42.

And so it was Resolved in the Affirmative, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Banishing and Disenabling the Earl of Clarendon.

Die Jovis, 19° Decernbris, 1667. f\RDERED, That the several

Knights

Money received for indigent Officers.

Post Meridiem.

THE ingrossed Bill for settling Freedom and Intercourse of Trade between England and Scotland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling Freedom and Intercourse of Trade between England and Scotland.

The ingrossed Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, was read the Third time.

A Proviso for setting a Penalty upon the Sheriffs, Gaoler, or Keeper of Prisons, if they shall hinder the Prisoners Relief according to the Act, was Thrice read; and resolved to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill, with the Proviso added thereunto, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Relief Of poor Prisoners for Debt.

Col. Birch reports from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Silk Throwsters, was committed, that it is the Opinion of the Committee, that the House be desired to annul and make void the By Laur, restraining the N umber of Spindles, complained of by the Petitioners, so as the same may not be put in Execution for the future.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a Bill be brought in for making void the said By Law; and that Mr. Love, Mr. Jolly, Col. Birch, Mr. Buscowen, and the Members that serve for the City

of London, have Leave to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Sir Job Charlton reports from the Committee, to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Banishing and Disenabling the Earl of Clarendon, was committed, several Amendments and Additions, agreed by the Committee to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Which were Twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

The Question being put, That, after the Word " Misdemeanours,'’ in the Preamble, these Words be inserted, viz. " and not being committed or secured, at their Desire, for the same

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That in the First Line, and Line the Fifth, after the Word " himself," these Words, " and is fled," be inserted.

The Bill, with the Amendments, was read the Third i time.

The Question being put, That the Time, in the Bill,

be enlarged till the Tenth of February;

It passed in the Negative.

of the

Shires, who serve for the Counties which are in Arrear for the Monies due to the indigent loyal Officers, do examine, how much of the said Monies are in Arrear; what is collected, and what is unpaid; and in whose Hands any of the Monies rests: And that such Officers and Collectors, as have any Money in their Hands, are to pay it before the next Meeting of the House; or, in Default thereof, the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, are to take them into Custody: And if there be any Money received by Persons insolvent, and the same not to be recovered, then a Re-assessment is to be made, for raising such Monies, according to the Act in that Case.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to send his Letter, with this Order inclosed, to the Knights of the Shire concerned, who are not in Town.

Ordered, That Mr. MusgravcSir Tho. Sir

Tho. Meeres, Sir John Coventry, Sir Cha. Mr.

Morrice, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Oateley, Sir Adam Rrerxne, Sir Jona. Trehneney, Sir Tho. Sir

Wray, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Hollis, Sir Tho.

Heblethwaite, or any Three of them, be desired, during the Recess, to take the Account of Sir Jo. Mr.

Cooper, Major Baley, and the Lady or such

Monies as are in their or any of their Hands, payable to the indigent loyal Officers.

o / 9

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to send his Letter to the several Sheriffs, with the Order of this House irtclosed, for the Members Attendance at the Meeting of the House alter Christmas.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Justinian Lczcen pn7P ships, and Sir Jo. Cecil-, &c.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us down to acquaint you, that they have agreed to the Bill for taking the Accompts of the several Sums of Money therein mentioned; and, to the Bill to make Prize Ships free for Trade; and to the Condition and Proviso, sent from this House, to the Bill concerning the Earl of Clarendon: And have commanded us to acquaint you, that they intend to sit this Afternoon; and desire this House would also sit.

Resolved, Sic. That this House do sit this Afternoon:

And the Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker did acquaint them therewith.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Wines, sent from Prices of the Lords, be read this Afternoon.

The Articles of Impeachment against Peter Pett Gentleman w’ere Twice read; and, upon the Second Reading, these Words, " and other Ships," were, on the Question, agreed; and inserted into the First Article: And the several Articles (except the Fourth Article, which, on the Question, passed in the Negative) were, upon the Question, severally, agreed; and are as followeth; viz.

1. That the said Peter Pett, being one of the Commissioners of the N avy, especially authorized and entrusted with the Charge and Care of his Majesty’s Yard, Stores, and Provisions, and the Navy Royal, at Chatham; and, having received Orders from his Royal Highness the Duke

of Yorke, Lord High Admiral oi England, about the Twenty-

sixth

1

‘'12

’i

‘iS

Prices of 4

Wines, & c- ' 4

Impeach-

ment of P

-v.i

"‘iE

j

A

ip Car. II.

190 Decembris. — 6° Februarii

43

sixth Day of March, requiring him, in pursuance of his

Trust, to bring and moor his Majesty’s Ship, called the Royal Charles, and other Ships; did, contrary to hisTrust and Orders, wilfully neglect and refuse so to do: Whereby the said Ship, being one, of the most important Strength, of this Kingdom, became lost, and made a Prey to the Enemy.

2. That his Majesty having, upon the Eleven th of June last, appointed the Duke of Albemarle, Captain General of all his Majesty's Armies and Land Forces, to repair to Chatham, upon the Invasion of the Dutch, to secure his Majesty's Ships and Forts there; he the said Lord General did repair thither on the Eleventh of June: Where, finding the said Royal Charles not brought up, but lying below, in a Place of Danger, subject to be surprised by the Enemy, who had then invaded the Kingdom, and entered into the Rivers Thames and Medway, he the said Lord General gave present Orders to the said Mr. Pelt, to cause the Ship to be immediately brought up as high as he could, into a Place of Safety: But he the said Pett altogether neglected the doing thereof.

O u O

3. That Captain Brookes, one of the Masters Attendants at Chatham, under the Care and Direction of the said Peter Pett, knowing, that the said Lord General had given express Orders, on the said Eleventh Day of June, to cause the said Royal Charles to be brought up, did prepare Anchors, and other Tackling, ready for the same; and desired the said Pett to give him Orders for his so doing: Which he refused so to do.

4. That his Royal Highness having given Orders to the said Peter Pett to provide, and make ready, Thirty Boats for the Defence of the said River, and Navy; he the

sxAPeter Pett, contrary to his Trust, did not only himself misemploy some of the said Boats, for the carrying away of his own particular Goods; but suffered the rest to be, in the like Manner, misemployed and diverted; and did also seize, and take away, a Boat, particularly belonging to Sir Eduard Sprague; so that, for want of the said Boats, many of his Majesty’s Ships were lost, and the Defence and Security of the rest was hindered.

5. That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy having, by their Letter of the 4th of June, signified to him, the said Peter Pett, that the Dutch were out; and thereupon, gave him special Charge to command all Captains on Land to their Ships; and to be vigilant and careful in the rest of the Charge committed to him; but he the said Pett was so negligent therein, that, of Eight hundred Persons, or upwards, that were under his Care and Command in his Majesty's Pay, when the Lord General repaired thither the said Eleventh

there were not above Ten ready, upon the Invasion of the Enemy.

6. That the said Lord General having appointed Soldiers to raise Batteries for the Defence of his Majesty’s Navy Royal, there being few of those in his Majesty’s Pay in his Yards, to be employed; he the said Pett, to obstruct the Service, refused to give them the Number of Tools required for the Use aforesaid; notwithstanding that he had a sufficient Quantity in his Majesty’s Stores; as it appeared, when, by Command of the said Lord General, the said Stores were broke open.

7. That tire said Lord General having, about the said Eleventh Day of June, sent Orders to the said Peter Pett to send, out of his Majesty’s Yards, some Oaken Planks, for the Platforms and Batteries, to oppose the Enemy; he the said Peter Pett sent only Deal Boards: Which were very prejudicial for the Service; for that, upon the Discharge of the Guns, the Carriages broke through the Planks; notwithstanding that there were, in his Majesty’s Yard there, several Oaken Planks, fit for their Service.

Ordered, That the Title of the Articles be, Articles of Impeachment of several High Crimes and Misdemeanours, against Peter Pett Gentleman.

A Petition of Peter Pett Gentleman was read.

Ordered, That the Lieutenant of the Tower have Leave to repair to the Council; and acquaint them, that this House, upon reading the Petition of Peter Pett Gentle-Vot. IX.

man, is content he Should have his Liberty, on good Bail, if the Council think fit.

Post Meridiem i

COMPLAINT being made, that the Collectors Hearth-of Hearth Money, in the County of Yorke, have issued money-Col-Warrants, under their own Hands only, to many Consta- lectors* bles, charging them, in his Majesty’sName, to appear before them, in Places remote, and out of their Constableries; and thereby to do and execute Commands and Orders of theirs, not at all justifiable by any Statute or Law; and also, that they have, with armed Soldiers, taken and imprisoned the Constable of Pickering, without any Colour of Authority; and in the same Manner, levied Distresses, and done other Violences and Abuses to the People to the great Disservice of his Majesty, and Grievance of his Subjects: And, it appearing, that Proof of the Premises hath been made before the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Blacksmiths was referred, with Power to inspect the several Acts concerning the Duty of Hearth Money, and to examine what Injuries and Abuses have been done to the People, in levying thereof;

Ordered, That Tobias Humphreys, Pickard, William Moody, Thomas Drivers, and Win. Robinson, be taken into Custody, by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy; and that he have them ready, by the Sixth Day of February next, to answ'er their several respective Misdemeanours.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Justin. Leracen, Trade with Sir Jo. Coell; Scotland.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they ! ave agreed with this House, in the Bill for settling the Freedom of Trade between England and Scotland.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Usher R°yal Assent

of the Black Rod; to Bll,s'

Mr. Speaker, The Commissioners authorized by his Majesty desire the Presence of this House in the House of Peers.

The House went up accordingly to the Lords: And, being returned, Mr. Speaker acquaints the House of the several Bills passed by Commission from his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Morricedelivered this Message from his Message

Majesty: Which is as followeth; from the

J J King f>r Ad-

journment.

HIS Majesty having, by a former Message, acquainted you, that he intended an Adjournment to the Beginning of February; he doth conceive, that Thursday the Sixth of February is a convenient Day, to which such Adjournment may be made: And his Majesty is willing, that you may ad journ to that Time.

Given at Our Court at Whitehall, the 1 pth Day of December, in the 19th Year of Our Reign, 1667.

Then the House adjourned to the 6th of February next.

Die Joiis, 6* Februarii,1667- '

/"ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Appleby Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, new Writ for electing a new Member to serve for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westtnorland, in the room of Mr. John Loracther, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Petersfield to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* electing a new Member to serve for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Henry Bennett Knight, deceased.

i° Februar.

Hertford

Writ;

Money received for indigent Officers,

New

Business.

Privilege,

Orders and Proceedings of the House.

Committees.

Business

depending.

Address for enforcing Church Government.

Miscarriages of the War.

Hearth-

money

Collectors.

44 6° — 10° — i

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a new Member to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Hertford, in the room of Sir Henry Ceesar Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That the Committee for indigent Officers have Leave to sit between this and Monday; and so de die in diem till they have perfected their Report.

Ordered, That no new Business be entertained, till the House be called over.

Then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 10* Februarii, lG'G'7-

f~\ RD ERED, That Edmond Husband, and Chandler, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, for the Breach of Privilege, objected against them, in arresting and detaining F.dm. Kemvricke, Servant to Colonel a Member of this

House, after Demand of his Privilege.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to search into the Journals of this House; and to inquire into the ancient Orders and Method of Proceedings in the House; and report it to the House, with their Opinions, how the same may be taken notice of, and effectually observed: vis. Col. Kirby, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Seymour, Sir Waite r Young, Sir John Knight, Col. Sir

Gower, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Win. Lads, Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Frau. Goodricke, Mr. WMr. Steward, Mr. Crouch, Sir Phill. J fusgrave, Sir John Heath, Sir

Solomon Swale, Ixrrd Richardson, Mr. Doa-dx Sir Jo. Northcolt, Mr: Morrice, Sir Tho. Mccres; or any

Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit de die in diem.

Resolved, See. That all Committees, which were discontinued, be revived; and to sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee formerly appointed to inquire, what Business is depending in the House, be revived; and that they do report it to the House, what Business is still depending, either by Bill or Petition; and what is most necessary to be first dispatched: And that the Members following be added to the Committee; Colonel Sandys, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Crouch, Sir 7

Gower, Sir Fran.Goodricke, Sir Harbord, Sir Tho.

Clcrgis, Mr. Weld, Sir Win.Young, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir

Solomon Swale. Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Steward, Mr. Edxv. Seymour, Sir W/n. KiUigrav, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Jo.

Rennett, Sir Jo. Northcott, Mr. Sir Jona.

Tretawney, Mr. Morrice, Sir George Reeve.

Resolved, See. That his Majesty be humbly desired 'to issue his Proclamation, to enforce Obedience to the Laws in Force, concerning Religion and Church Government, as it is now established, according to the Act of Uniformity: And such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, are to attend his Majesty with this Address.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire into the Miscarriages touching the late War, do positively make Report of the Examinations by them taken, and other their Proceedings, on Friday next; and do sit de die in diem in the mean time.

A Petition of Tobias HumfrRichard Prichard, Wm. Moody, Tho. Driver, and Robinson, was tendered to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to examine Miscarriages in collecting the 14

A. 1667,

Duty arising by Hearth-money; to examine the Truth of the Petition; and to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Message from the King, by Sir. Jo. Usher Message to

Of the Black Rod; attend the

Mr. Speaker, g*

His Majesty commands this House to attend him forthwith in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker went up, with the House, to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker reports, that his Majesty, to prevent The King’s Mistakes, hath been pleased to deliver his Speech in Speech rewriting: Which he read to the House. ported.

Resolved, Sec. That the Matter of hi.s Majesty’s Speech be taken into Consideration on Friday next, the first Business after the Report from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Miscarriages of the late W ar.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Morgan be added to the Com- Committee mittee of Privileges and Elections. of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 11° Februari1GG7.

UPON Information, and Complaint made against Ileartli-one Joseph Hal/am, an Officer for collecting the Co*' Duty of Hearth-money, of an Abuse and Misdemeanour, in vexing and prosecuting one Hy Hudson, Constable of Market Deeping in the County of with

an Information in the Crown Office, though the said Hudson were in no Default;

Ordered, That this Matter be referred to the Committee of Grievances, to examine, and certify, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Tho. Styles, (Servant to Anthony Gawdy Privilege — Esquire) under Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a *etl 110,1 from

v> 1 TV '1 J 1 J a Person in

Breach ot Privilege, was read. cusiody.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition, and certify the same, with their Opinions therein, to tire I louse: And that they do sit on Thursday next, and take it into Consideration: And the said Thomas Stiles is to have his Liberty, and to attend the Committee.

LTpon Information, that there was an Arrear of Monies Arrears of assessed, by virtue of the Act for the Royal Aid, upon Am*’ Offices in London and Middlesex; which could not he levied by reason of some Defect, and want of Power, in the former Act;

Ordered, That a Committee he appointed, to look into the former Act concerning tire Royal Aid; and to examine the Matter of Arrears, due and unpaid, for Offices in London and Middlesex; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House; Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Mr.

Morrice, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Wm. CovenMr. Comptroller, Col. Birch, Sii 'Anfho. Irby, Sir Alderman Love, Sir Phill. Masgrare, Sir 77 Sir

Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Wm. Day leu, Mr. Mountague, Sir Jo. Bennett, Sir Jo. Du Mr

Sir Wm.Thompson, Sir Wm.Hickman. Sir Tho. Littleton,

Sir Adam Browne, Sir Tho. Bliulxcorth; or any l ive of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections do proceed Monmouth this Afternoon to hear the Cause between Sir b.ectioiu

Hams, and Mr. Herbert, touching the Election for the County of Monmouth, as it is appointed.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lord Chief Denm-Baron, to intimate the Desires of this House, that the ha*st. Trial in the Exchequer, touching Deane I’orest, Should go on, and be expedited, as soon as he can: And the Pa-

pers,

11° — i 2h

19 Car. II.

pers concerning the Commoners are to be delivered back by the Chairman of the Committee: And Sir Phil. /Var-tcicke, and Col. Reames, are to acquaint the Lord Chief Baron with the Desires of this House.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Deane Forest be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Transport*- Ordered, that the Committee formerly appointed, lion oi touching the Transportation of Horses, and strengthening

gjorses, &c: the Kingdom against Invasion, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon: And they are also to inquire what Seamen, or Soldiers, be transported into foreign Parts, since the last Meeting of the House; and by w hom: And the Committee are further impowered to bring in a Bill for the more free Exportation of Horses, Corn, Cattle, and Victuals: And that the Clerk of the Passage of Dover and Rye do attend the Committee, to give an Account, what Soldiers or Seamen have been transported.

StasAow’s Ordered, That the Matter, upon the Petition of the haw*. Lady Mary Slonehcusc, be heard at the Bar of this House.

Hearth. Ordered, That the Quorum of the Committee, to bring BuueyTax. jn a Bj]| touching Hearth Money, be Three; and do sit de die in diem.

IVtld's Debt. _ Ordered, Sec. That the Committee for the Bill concerning Sir John Weld be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Ili.hrays, Ordered, That Sir John Northcott, and Mr.

be added to the Committee concerning Highways.

And then the House adjourned till Eight a Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Die Meratrii, 12° Februarii, 1607-

Order for /ORDERED, That the Constables and other Officers

itr-tiKlear °* Middlesex and Wes concerned, do take ' care, that from Eight of the Clock in the Morning till Two in the Afternoon, being the usual Time of the Meeting'and Rising of this House, of Passa ge through the Streets betw een Temple Bar and Westminster Hall, be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from the House: And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is to give Notice of this Order: And it is referred to him, Mr. Newman, and Mr. Bailes, Justices of the Peace, to see the Order

executed and performed.

Stauof A Petition of Stephen Stringer, and other Clothiers, Twit. w:ts read.

Ordered, See. That this Petition be referred to the Committee, formerly appointed by Order of the 4th of November last, for balancing Trade, preventing the Exportation of Wool, and other Matters thereby directed; to take the Matterof this Petition into Consideration; and to report it, with their Opinions, to the House: And Sir Thomas Dyke, and Sir John are added to

the Committee.

tape from Mr. Vaughan reports from the Committee, to which ton the Bill to indemnity the late Sheriff? of , and

Skim, others, as to Escapes of Prisoners, was committed, some Ameir (meats to be made, and Clauses to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Frutymau’s Ordered, That the Committee to which the Petition IUuM" of Sir John Pretty man was committed, be revived; and

Vol. IX.

45

do sit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon:

And that Mr. Mil ward, Sir Wm. Lord

Richardson, Sir Jo. Shawe, Sir Henry Mr. Luchin,

Sir Richard Browne, Mr. Gold, and Col. Reames, be added to the Committee.

Mr. Ilarbordreports from the Committee, to which Beane

the Matter touching the I’orest oi Deane, was committed, Forest; the whole State of that Case, with several Votes and Resolves of the Committee thereupon: Which Report,

Votes, and Resolves, were again read; and debated; and are as followeth;

That his Majesty did, Anno 1638, issue out a Commission to divers Persons, to make a Survey of the Wood, and Timber, and Soil, of the l’orest of: Whereby

it appears, that there were then w ithin the Forest (besides the Wood wardship of the Lea containing about

1.000 Acres) 105,5',7 Trees, containing 61,928 Tons of T imber, and 150,808 Cords of Wood.

And, upon this Survey, Sir John did contract

with his late Majesty, that in Consideration of 16,000l. per Annum to be paid to his Majesty for Six Years, for the Timber and Wood; and of a l’ee Farm Relit of 1,950 /.

12 s. 8 d.of the Soil, payable to the Crow n for ever.

And, in Anno 1639, obtained a Grant to him and his

Heirs accordingly, not only of all the Timber and Wood, (excepting 15,000 Tons of Ship Timber reserved in the King) but also of 18,000 Acres of the Soil of the said Forest, containing in the Whole about 22,000 Acres, besides the said Lee Baylye; together with divers Powers, Privileges, and Immunities, directly contrary to the Purport and Meaningot several Statutes of this Realm: Which said

18.000 Acres were set out by his Majesty’s Surveyor General, and other Commissioners, upon T reaty and Agreement with some of the Commoners, leaving to them 4,000 Acres of the said Soil, for Common: And their Lands w ere to be deforested, and all past Offences pardoned.

That Complaint being made of the Illegality and dangerous Consequences of this Grant, to the House of Commons, of the Beginning of the Parliament holden at Westminster, Anno 1640, upon a full Examination thereof, as appears by their Journal, that the Blouse did then vote to this Effect, viz.

" B’irst, That Sir John Wintour, in respect of his Recusancy, and not performing Conditions with the King, is not fit to hold his Bargain of the I’orest of Deane any longer; especially the Bargain itself being disadvantageous to the Commonwealth

" Secondly, That Sir John Wintour offers to surrender his Patent into the Hands of the Commissioners for the Treasury, is fit to be accepted, and his Patent surrendered accordingly."

" Thirdly, That the Commissioners be intreated to issue a Commission for taking Sir John Account, that

it may appear w hat Debts are owing between the King and him, and Satisfaction made accordingly."

" Fourthly, That the Commissioners of the Treasury be likewise desired to appoint Officers, for the disposing of such Timber and Wood to the best Advantage of his Majesty, as is now felled and will otherwise be spoiled."

But the Wars, coming then on, hindered the Performance of their Votes.

And it appears, that a Convention, sitting at minster \ n 1656, in the Time of Oliver Cromwell, did re-assumethe Consideration of that Forest; and, by an Act of theirs, re-afforested the said Lands: Whereby it was put into a very flourishing Condition, not only for a future Growth of Ship Timber, but the Officer who was intrusted with the ('are and Management thereof, out of the-very oftal Wood raised a constant Revenue to the Publick of Three or Four thousand Pounds per Annum; and so continued it till his Majesty’s happy Restauration.

That, in the Convention of Parliament at his Majesty's happy Restauration, a Bill was brought in to the House of Commons, for continuing the Forest in that Condition, and to make a legal Settlement thereof, for the Use of his Majesty: Which Bill was accordingly com-M mitted;

Deane

Forest-

46 12° Februarii. 1667.

mitted: Where Sir John lV'mtoury claiming by value of ijis Grant all the Timber and Wood, together with 18,000 Acres of the Soil, was required to state his Account: he offering, upon Satisfaction to relinquish his Pretences, and to surrender his Patent; and demanded a Debt, due to him, of 14,000l. only, and no more: Which the then Committee thought fit to allow him; But, before the Bill could pas$, that Convention was dissolved.

In pursuance of which Offer, tire late Lord Treasurer did shortly after treat with Sir John for the surrendering of his Grant; Whereto Sir John con-

sented, upon Satisfaction to be given him: And, in order to it, the Lord Treasurer referred his Account to some of the Auditors of his Majesty’s Exchequer, to be stated; apd in Part of Satisfaction of what was owing to him, assigned him, in Irop, apd Debts, the Sum of 4,300l. the greatest Part whereof, if not allj Sir John IVintour cppfesseth to have received.

But the Act of Indemnity being passed, and no Provision made to debar him of his Pretences to the Timber, Wood, apd Soil, became discharged of his Anrear of the said Fee Farm Relit of 1,950 /. 12 8 per Ann. behind

and unpaid for about Twenty Years, amounting to 39,000l. or thereabouts; and likewise of the said 16,000 Ann.

for the Wood; whereof Four Years, at least, was behind and unpaid, amounting to 64,000l.; and the Total to 103,000l. Whereupon Sir John declined his said

Demands of 14,000l. as due to him, upon Account, by the King; and insisted upon the Validity of his Letters Patents; and then demanded (over and above the 4,300l. delivered to him, in Iron and Debts) 30,000l.

That, to the end Satisfaction might be given him, a Commission was issued out of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, about April 1662, to view and survey what Quantity of Timber and W ood was then standing within all tire Parts of the Forest, excepting the said Lea And, upon an exact Survey made by the then Commissioners, there was then found the Number of 25,929 Oaks, and 4,204 Beeches; in all, 30,233 Trees; and that these Trees did contain 121,572 Cords of Wood, and 11,33.5 Tons of Ship Timber for the Navy.

That, upon Return of this Commission, Sir John

IVintour, by Treaty with the Lord Treasurer, about June

1662, didsurrender his Patent of the Wood, Timber, and Spil; and, in Compensation thereof, had granted by Letters Patents under tire Great Seal of England, bearing Date 130 Join 140 of his now Majesty’s Reign, all the above-mentioned Trees containing 121,572 Cords of Wood, worth, to be sold after the rates of that Country, 30,000l. together with the Use of his Majesty’s Ironworks there, for, the spending of the same; and also the Use of the Mine and Cinders; which might reasonably render the same (over and above all Charges) worth 60,000l.; and all 20,000 Cords of offal Wood, blown down in the Lea Bayley, worth 6,000/; the King’s Majesty only reserving to himself, out of all those Trees, the said quantity of 11,335 Ton? of Ship Timber, therein computed, to be left for the Use of the Navy: And, for the better securing the same from Spoil and Destruction, Sir John IVintour covenants, that he will before every Fellet give Notice to the Commissioners or Surveyors of the Navy (then there resident) what is intended to be felled, and when he intends to leave off; and that, for every Ton of Timber, which shall fall Short of the 11,335 Tons so reserved, Sir John IVintour shall be accountable, and pay to his Majesty the Sum of 15 s.

That, upon Complaint made to this House, Anno

1663, of the great Waste and Destruction of Timber,

which was then committed by Sir John , within

the Forest of Define, the Consideration thereof was referred to a Committee; as appears by the then Journals: And, upon the Examination, and a Report thereof made, the House did order that a present Stop Should be put to any further Felling or Cutting out of the Wood; and that a Bill Should be brought into the House for reassuming Sir

John IVintour's said last Grant, for settling the same in the Crown forever: Which Bill was accordingly committed j

but the Parliament being prorogued before the Bill could pass, the House of Commons recommended the Preservation of the Timber of that Forest to the late Lord Treasurer, and Chancellor of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

That, notwithstanding this Recommendation, it appears, that of the said 30,233 Trees, resumed by that Survey to be then standing within the Forest, there are not now above Two hundred left; and, of the said 11,335 Tons of ShipTimber, reserved to his Majesty, there hath not been delivered to his Majesty’s Officers above 1,1 oq Tons.

That there are 3,500 Trees lying upon the Ground in divers Parts of the Forest, as Sir John s Ser-

vants alledged; and that the same contain 9,600 Tons of all Sorts of Timber: But the Persons employed by his Majesty’s Shipwright there, and who have viewed and marked the Trees so lying on the Ground, do not estimate and compute the same to contain above 3,000 Tons of all sorts of Timber; whereof not above one moiety will be useful or fit for his Majesty’s Navy.

That, in all probability, there will be wanting and fall sTiort, of the said 11,335 Tons of Ship Timber reserved by his Majesty for the service of his Royal Navy, the Quantity of 7 or 8,000 Tons; for every Ton whereof Sir John IVintour must be accountable 15#.: for Security whereof, his Majesty hath only a Covenant from Sir John IVintour.

That the Persons employed by his Majesty’s Chief Shipwright or Purveyor of the Navy there affirm, that divers Pieces of Ship Timber, of great Lengths, marked and sealed for the Navy, have, by Sir John s

Workmen, or the Workmen of those who claim under him, been cut out, and converted into Cord-wood.

That several other great Wastes have been committed of the Timber there by Sir John s Workmen, or the Workmen of the Persons who claim under him: And, though Complaint thereof hath been made; yet the same hath, notwithstanding, been continued; and the Persons who committed them have not been punished, nor turned out of the Work.

That there hath been great Waste and Destruction committed upon the Underwoods and Saplings within the said Wastes (not granted to Sir Jo. Wintour) by the Wilfulness and Negligence of the Cutters, Carriers, and Cord-ers, employed by the Persons who claim and enjoy the; Woods under him: That one of them did negligently set on Fire some Furs or Bushes, which did bum or destroy 200 Acres of Underwood; and likewise 1,300 Cords of Wood belonging’to Sir John Wintour; though, in his last Grant, he covenant? with his Majesty, that his; Workmen, shall be careful and circumspect to prevent Spoils of any Kind by Coaling, &c. further or other than may consist; and stand with the Nature and Conveniency of such Actings and Employments; being thereby obliged to give Satisfaction for such Damage.

That Sir John Wintour, after he had obtained his last Grant of the Wood, did, at a publick Meeting, promise' divers Freeholders and Inhabitants who claim Right of-Estovers therein, that, if they would suffer him peaceably to enjoy his last Grant, without claiming any of their Estovers of Wood and Timber, he would never more meddle or have to do with the Soil.

That, upon the said Sir John Win tour's Surrender of his first Grant, all the said Soil of the Forest became the King's Majesty's: And, in Ju 1665, the said Sir John Wintour, not satisfied with all these great Advantages obtained of his Majesty, makes a new' Contract with the late Lord Treasurer, and Chancellor of his Majesty’s Exchequer, by Warrant and Direction from his Majesty, to make an Inclosure of 10,000 Acres of the said w aste Soil of the Forest; for and towards a Nursery of Ship Timber there for the future, at his own proper Costs and Charges, with such Mounds and Fences, as the said Treasurer, Lord Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of hi a-. Majesty’s Exchequer, shall think fit: And that he will, at his ow n Costs and Charges, purchase a certain Parcel of Land, called Cannopp(containing about 1,100 Acres,

formerly

t '

: (

‘ 1

r

1 .

p -

Fx

r ‘ _

t I-.

: A

[ 1

t'*;

19 Car. II.

12° Februarii.

47

formerly Part of the Wastes of the Forest granted away by his late Majesty, and lying near the Middle thereot) before Trinity Term i 666, in case the same be to be bought; or else will pay unto his Majesty the Sum Of 1,500l. in lieu thereof: And that he will maintain and justify his Majesty's Title, at his own proper Costs and Charges, against all Persons who claim Right of Common within the Forest, until a judicial Determination thereof be made at a Justice Seat, or in some other of his Majesty’s Courts of Judicature: And that he will, at his own Costs and Charges, maintain the Mounds and Fences thereof; and upon Notice from his Majesty’s Officers, repair any Breach which shall happen to be made therein; with a Provision, nevertheless, if any of the Mounds and Fences be riotously thrown down, and w here his Majesty may by the Statutes and Laws of this Realm have lledress therein, then, till the same be raised again by his Majesty’s Officers, Sir John nor. his Security,

shall no ways be liable to it And that a Commission shall be issued out, for the setting out, by Metes and Boundaries, the said 10,000 Acres intended for a Nursery; and afterwards, that Sir Julin fVintour shall have such other Commission, Writs,

and Process, as he shall think fit, for the better Settling and Securing the same: And, when the said 10,000 Acres shall be so set out, bounded, and butted, his Majesty covenants to convey to Sir John fVintour and his Heirs for ever, all the Residue of the Wastes (under the yearly Fee Farm Relit of 20si) amounting to 8,000 Acres, over and above the said Quantity of 1,100 Acres called And that, presently alter the setting out of the said

10.000 Acres, and before any of the intended Mounds or Fences be made, Sir John fVintour is to have all the Wood growing on the said 8,000 Acres, amounting to 4,340 Cords, valued at 1,0001, or more; giving Security, by Recognizance of 2,0001, only, to be answerable for the Profits thereby arising, in case the Mounds and Fences be not made, and other the Covenants performed according to Agreement.

He hath likewise granted unto him all Fines and Forfeitures arising by Breach of the Forest Laws, since his Majesty's happy Restoration, to be imposed upon such as shall not consent to the intended Improvement; and that his Majesty will at any Time, upon the Request of Sir John fVintour, cause a Justice Seat to be held or kept there for that Purpose.

That Sir John fVintour hath, by these Articles, divers great and vast Powers and Privileges, which were formerly granted unto him by his said first Grant, granted him anew; viz.All Felons Goods, <$r. with Power to make Parks or Chaces, with free Warren and freeChace; Power to make Parishes, to found Parochial Churches, and endow them, the Incumbent to be incorporated by Name of Rector, and to have Cure of Souls, the Patronage to be in him; to erect Markets; to be discharged from Carnage of Timber for his Majesty; and that his Workmen or Servants shall be exempted from all Offices, and Services upon Juries, for Ten Years.

That he hath Power to grub up the Saplings and Underwood, and to convert the Wood, and tire Soil’, to what Use he shall think fit. notwithstanding the before-mentioned Statutes now in Force to the contrary.

That his Majesty will de-aiforest the 4,000 Acres left in Common to the Country, and make good such other Conditions, as Sir John fVintour shall make with the Country, for the better securing the intended Intlosure.

That Sir John fVintour, in order to compel the Commoners to submit to the Improvement of 10,000 Acres to the said intended Nursery, according to the Purport and Meaning of his said Articles, and to the Improvement of

8.000 Acres for himself; and to accept of 4,000 Acres, in full Compensation and Discharge of the Right of Common in the whole, hath, by threatening them with a Justice Seat, to their utter lluin forced divers of them to consent thereunto.

That there are several Parishes, containing about Twenty Manors, the Freeholders and Inhabitants whereof Vo 1. IX.

claim Right of Common in the Wastes, and do lie within Dean# the Perambulation of the said Forest. Fweit.

That the Persons, intrusted by these Freeholders arid Inhabitants, as appeal's by a Letter of Attorney produced, under the Hands of divers of them, admitted to be tile Owners of the major Part of the Lands and Tenements where to the Right of Common is claimed to belong, did, by their Counsel, make out a Title, by Prescription and Usage, proved by divers ancient Records and Depositions, to Right of Common of Herbage, Panage, and Estovers, within the said Wastes.

That, in the Third Year of the late King’s Reign,

Sir John f Vintour, Benedict Hall, and divers others of the said Freeholders and Inhabitants, did exhibit their Bill of Complaint in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer against die then Attorney General, upon Denial of their Estovers; setting out their Right of Common of Herbage, Panage, and Estovers, within the Wastes of the said Forests; and that they had from time to time enjoyed the same, according to the Rules and Limitations of the Forest Laws:

And, upon the Attorney General’s Answer to their Bill, had it allowed them; and a Decree for it accordingly.

That the said Freeholders, Inhabitants, and Commoners, have been and are very willing to comply with whatsoever shall be thought best for the Service ol his Majesty and the Publick, and ready to submit their just Rights thereunto; but have and will always defend themselves against all private Designs. And, to the end a Nursery may' be made for a future Growth of Ship Timber in the Forest, the Soil v hereof is so apt and fit for it, they presented the Committee the following Proposals.

"Proposals, by and on the Behalf of the Freeholders, Inhabitants, and Commoners, within the Forest of Deane, for the Preservation and Improvement of the Growth of Timber there."

" Imprimis, That 11,000 Acres of the waste Soil of the Forest of Deane, whereof the Lea and Cannopp to be Part of the said Waste, may be inclosed by his Majesty, and discharged for ever from all Manner of Pasture, Estovers, and Panage; and, if ever his Majesty, or his Successors, shall think fit to lay open any Part of the said

11,000 Acres, then to take in so much elsewhere, so as the whole Inclosure exceed not at any one Time 11,000 Acres."

" That all the Wood or Timber, which shall hereafter grow upon the remaining 13,000 Acres, shall absolutely belong to his Majesty, discharged from all Estovers for ever, and Panage for Twenty Years next ensuing."

" That the whole waste Soil be re-afforested, and subject to the Forest Laws; but that the Severity of the Forest Laws be taken off from the Lands in Several belonging to the Freeholders and Inhabitants within the said Forest!; they themselves being contented to serve his Majesty, according to their several Offices and Places, as formerly, at the Forest Courts."

" That the Deer, to be kept oil the said waste Soils, may not exceed Eight hundred at any one timh; and the Fees which belong to the particular Officers, touching Venison, may be preserved to them, as to Venison only, and not to Wood and Trees.

" That it is consented to, that the Winter Ileynfng and Fence Month, according to the Forest Law, being such Times wherein no kind of Cattle be permitted to abide in any Part of the said W'aste, may be understood to be froth St. Martins Day in the Winter, to St. George's Day in yfpril; and afterwards, from Fifteen Days before Midsummer, to Fifteen Days after."

" That all Grants of any Part of the waste Soil of the said Forest be re-assumed; and made void; and that no Part of the said Waste or Soil be aliened for ever from the Crown, or farmed to any particular Person or Persons, by Lease, or otherwise."

" Arid that1 this may be so settled by Act of Parliament;"

Hen. Hall. Dun. Colchester:

Wm. Probin. Jo.

That

De^ne

Forest.

12* — 13° Februarii. A. 1667.

That the Committee, upon comparing the Articles between his Majesty and Sir J with the said Proposals made by and on the Behalf of the said Freeholders and Inhabitants, who claim Right of Common within the said Forest of Deane; and considering which of them would most conduce and be fit for a present Growth and Increase of Timber there, and preserve it for the future; and also considering, that the said Freeholders and Inhabitants have always had and enjoyed a Right of Common of Herbage, Panage, and Estovers there; together with the great Number of Persons concerned therein, and the general Satisfaction of the said Freeholders and Inhabitants, in case that any Part of the said Soil Should be converted to private Uses, the Whole being exceeding fit for Timber; and the dangerous Consequences of granting such vast Powers, as, at the Discretion of any private Person, to exercise the Severity of Forest Laws, and to receive the Benefit thereof to his own Use; and that, incase, when the Mounds and Fences shall be made up, if they Should be riotously thrown down again, which is to be feared, the same having been there done upon several former Im prove-ments, and particularly Cannopwhich now continues open and in common, the like may befal the intended Nursery, and so it be laid open and Waste, though the Crown part with Eight thousand Acres, and the Wood thereupon growing, for doing thereof: And considering the extraordinary Usefulness of this Forest, for Wood and Timber, and how advantageous it will be to the King and Kingdom, to have Eleven thousand Acres of the Soil thereof converted to a Nursery for a future Grow th of Ship Timber, treed and discharged, by a general Consent of all Manner of Right of Common whatsoever; and also, how beneficial it will be to the Crown, to have the Wood and Timber growing in the remaining Thirteen thousand Acres, freed and discharged from Common of Estovers for ever, and Panage for Twenty Years; and that the making the Inclosure will not cost above Fifteen hundred Pounds, with a Fence sufficient to defend it from Spoil; and that the Buying of Cannopp will cost but Fifteen hundred Pounds; amounting in all, but to Three thousand Pounds: And that, as appears by a late Survey, there are yet left divers Trees of Beech, Birch, Hazle, Haythom, and Holly, containing about Thirty thousand Cords of Underwood, growing on the said Wastes; which must be cut down, or else they will in a great measure destroy any Plantation of younger Oaks that shall arise there; many of which Trees, whereof his Majesty makes no Benefit, may be cut down, and sold for defraying the Charge of the said inclosure and Improvement (they being now daily cut, and stolen away); and considering what great Waste and Destruction hath been hitherto committed in that Forest, and that Sir John Wintour is, by the Articles, to have all the young Trees and Wood upon the said Eight thousand Acres:

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, formerly, Sir was a great

Occasion, and, since his Majesty’s happy llestauration, hath been the sole Occasion, of the Waste and Destruction of the Timber within the Waste of the said Forest of Deane.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee that Sir John W Articles are imprac-

ticable, and come Short of the Country’s Offers, by One thousand Acres to be for ever inclosed for a Nursery, and also by his Majesty's retaining his Interest intire, in all the rest of the waste Soil, freed from Common of Estovers, and consisting of about Thirteen thousand Acres, being the ancient Demesnes of the Crown: That the Proposals made by and on the Behalf of the Freeholders and Commoners, who claim Right of Common there, are much more advantageous for the present Increase of Ship Timber there, and the future Preservation thereof.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a present Stop be put to the further felling the few Trees that are left in the said Forest; and from converting any of the Three thousand Five hundred

Trees, alledged by Sir John Ws Servants to be now on the Ground, into Cord Wood.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with tire Committee, that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury be desired forthwith to issue a Commission, to inquire what Waste of Timber hath been committed within the said Forest, and by what Means; and what will remain due to his Majesty out of the Eleven thousand Three hundred Thirty-five Tons of Timber; and that the Stock of Wood and Coals be seized and secured for his Majesty’s Satisfaction; and that present care be taken for the Squaring out of such Timber, as shall appear fit for his Majesty s Navy.

Ordered, Scc. That it be referred to the said Committee, forthwith to prepare and bring in a Bill upon these, and such other Proposals as shall be made to them, upon the Debates in the 1 louse; and to take care for the 1 nclosures for Preservation of the Timber: And Mr. Vaughan is added to the Committee; which is revived; and to sit Tommorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to examine, what Waste or Destruction hath been done by Sir John Wintour, or his Agents, to the Detri-

ment of the King or Country; and to state the Case, as to Sir John/ fin tour's Interest, to the House: And that the

Care of the Bill be recommended to Sir Charles liar Lord,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 13* Februarii, 1667-

/~\RDERED, That it be referred to Sir Robert Privilege.

Carr, Mr. Weld, Sir Fran. GoodrSir Libellous

Hollis, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Jo.Bennett, Sir Lublicaiioiu or any Three of them, to inquire who was the Author,

Printer, and Publisher of the Libel brought into the House Yesterday; and to send for such Persons as they shall find necessary for Discovery thereof: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and from thence in diem, as they shall think fit.

A Bill, on Behalf of Daxres W Esquire, Weymonde* to confirm an Agreement made, was read the First time. sold’s Esuie.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Upon Report made by Sir Cha. Harbord, from the Hearth-Committee of Grievances, in the Case to them referred, n;oll<‘3' between Joseph Hallaman Officer for the I Icarth Money, <"'lieclors' and Hypolett Hudson, a Constable of Markett Deeping in the County of Lincolne;

Ordered, That no Plea be called for, or further Proceeding had, in the Crown Office, upon the Information brought against Hypolet Hudson, till the Matter be further examined, and heard by the Committee of Grievances; and that a Copy of this Order be left in the Crown Office.

A Bill for constituting Knights to serve for the County Fleeting Palatine, and Citizens to serve for the City of Aleiubers for

was read the Second time. u‘etllle'

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Col-

lingwood, Sir Jo. Marley, Mr. Morric Sir Tho. Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Prynn, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Leu is, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir JVm. LorrMr. Kent,

Sir Jeffery Shacker/ey, Sir Trevor Sir Jo.

Moreton, Mr. Coventry, Sir Rich. Franc/,dyAir. Rigby,

Sir Richard Braham, Mr. Tho. Crouch, Sir Nieho.

Mr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Milli ard, Lord St.

John, Mr. Otxcay, Mr. Coleman, Sir Strickland, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Jo.Loxcther, and all the Members that

serve for Yorkshire, Lancashire, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmorland: And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Af ternoon, in the

Speaker's

V

..s-r,'

' A

A

r<

’ ".1

a

f:

19 Car. II.

13* — 14® Februarii.

49

Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Her, touching the Election for the County of Monmouth; that the Committee had examined the Matter, and -found, that Sir 71rcvor Williams had the Majority of Voices Call of the Resolved, &c. That every Defaulter in Attendance, by much; and that he was duly elected, and ought to sit.

House — where Excuse shall not be allowed this Day, be fined the , That the House doth agree with the Com-

Sum of Forty Pounds; and sent for in Custody; and mittee, that Sir Trevor Williams was duly elected Knight committed to the Tower till the Fine be paid. for the County of Monmouth, and ought to sit.

Resolved, &c. That every such Member, as shall desert the Service of the House, for the Space of Three Days Sir Robert Brookes reports from the Committee ap- Miscarriage*

together, not having had Leave granted by the House, pointed to inquire into the Miscarriages of the War, the of War*

nor offering such sufficient Excuse to the House as shall State of the Matter, so far as the Committee had probe allowed, shall have the like Fine of Forty Pounds ceeded: Which being contained in several Papers in

imposed on them; and be sent for in Custody; and Writing; (being Seven in Number) which he read in his

Committed to the Tower; and that the Fines be paid Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s

Table; and the same being again read, are as followeth; viz.

into the Hands of the Serjeant at Arms, to be disposed of as the House shall direct.

The House then proceeded to the Calling over the several Members, according to former Order: And the Names of those who made Default, w hose Excuses are

not allowed, are as followeth; Sir Win.Bowyer, Sir Jo.

Coryton, Mr. Jo. Arundell, Mr. Fran. Buller, Mr. Jo.

Tanner, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Sir

Jo. Dalton, Sir Edw. IVise, Mr. Jo. George, Mr. Henry fatal Resolution was taken of dividing the Fleet; Whi

Williams, Ix>rd Rosse, Sir./o. Newton, Sir Fran. Anderson, was also encouraged by Intelligence given by Sir W

Mr. Arthur Piet point, Sir Tk<. Spencer, Sir John Bur lace, Coventry, and Sir" George Carteret t, on the 14th of May,

Mr Jo. Harris, Sir Jo.Como, Mr Jo.Butler, Mr. Rich, when they came to the Fleet about it; which was, that

Rouse, Mr. Saw. Rowie, Str Wilfrid Lawson, Sir how. the would not be out in Six Weeks; whereas

Seymour, Mr. Jo. Churchill, Mr. Jo. Bamaby, Sir Jo. (which is the Second Particular) their Fleet came out Cotton, Sir I Cm. Hariopp, Mr. Orrne, Mr. Amho.Ayre, Seven Days after; vis. on the 21st of and no

Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Edw. Aw//, Mr. Robert Lighton, Sir Advice thereof was sent to the Duke of Albemarle, except

The Want of Intelligence from Abroad appeared in Two Particulars; The First was, in that of the French Ships being at Bell Isle, and that some others were expected at Brest, with the Duke de Beaufort, when they w ere yet in the Muhien a/n a/t;by which Occasion, that

..... Which

m.

;e.

II

Wynne, Sir Henry H ole, Sir Edw. Littleton, Sir Robert Cordell, Mr. Edw. Blaler, Mr. Vowke Greevile, Col.

An Under

S' erilf

ordered into (Wv lor

Contempt.

tfifr

Committees.

or*

Sheriff of the County of Monmouth, lor his Contempt and

Misdemeanour, in net executing the Order of this Hout e, for summoning the Members that served for the said County to give their Attendance in Parliament; having wholly neglected to give them Notice thereof, though the same came in due time to his Hands; he sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

Ordered, That the Committees be adjourned, except the Committee appointed to inquire into the Miscarriages of the late War; who are to sit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight of the Clock.

O O

Die Veneris, 140 Februarii, 1667-

of their coming; and, on the 25th of the same Month, Prince llupert had Orders to divide from the Fleet with ~ — - It appears moreover,

to the said Duke of came to him after t) that his Majesty had no Intelligence of the coining out of the Dutch till the Day before, viz. 30th May in the Evening; which was Nine Days alter they came out: And so great was the Negligence entrusted by his said Royal Highness with a Letter he writ at Midnight that Day to recal the Prince, that it came not to him till 10 Junii, Nine in the Morning, in St. Helens Road near Portsmouth, where he came to an Anchor; and he had not had it then, but that he sent his Boat to Portsmouth to inquire alter Intelligence.

The Abstract of Letters of Intelligence,

May 21/ Speaks — " the Dutch Fleet to be designed to come out the latter End of June, stilo novo, if they came out at all: Which, tis believed, they will not, except the English Fleet retire; that so, they might come out and without Dishonour avoid fighting; which they cannot do unless the English keep the Sea.’*

Golding*!

fciaie.

Defrauding ihc King.

Defaulter's

Fine

remitted.

Juxon’*

FjUte.

ORDERED, That the Committee, to which the May 2.5. Tells, that — "upon Advice of the English Bill concerning Mr Golding, be revived; and do Fleet being ready to come out, Three or Four Deputies sit this Afternoon; And Mr. Coleman, and Sir Robert Bradshaw, are added to the Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed for Discovery of Monies in the Hands of such Persons as have defrauded his Majesty, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

were immediately sent away by the States to the Te.vell, with Orders to unman such Ships as were most unserviceable; w hereby they hoped to man the rest fully. — A Fast hath here been kept for the good Success of the Fleet; which is upon the point of going out, and will infallibly be all out before the End of this Week."

May 25th. Speaks — " the Return of the Deputies w ho Ordered, That Mr. Chettcin s Fine of Forty Pounds, went to the Texell to hasten out the Fleet; and that they for not attending Yesterday, he being this Day in the talk much of the Excellency of their Fleet, and of the House, and coming Yesterday to Town, be remitted. great Resolution of the Officers and Mariners; and that

their Fleet consists of Eighty-five Ships. — The Manner. An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for enabling of the Fight, which is kept as a very great Secret, and is Sir JVm. Juxon, Executor of the late Lord Archbishop to be in Three Squadrons; Trump in the Van; Ruyter in of Canterbury, to recover Part of his Estate, was read the Middle; the Zealand Fleet in the Rear. — Men are

wanting in several Ships; but France desired not to delay, lest the Duke of Beaufort run any Risque; for there is Advice of his passing Alicant the 8th of May. — Probably the Holland Fleet alone will find the First Assault of the

the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Monmouth Sir Job Charlton reports from the Committee of Elec-

Mu- lions, the Case between Sir Williams and Mr.

Vo 1. IX.

English; who are likewise at Sea. The French and

Danish Ships will serve for a Reserve."

N

May

GoogR

5°

140 Februarii. A. 1667.

Miscarriages of the War.

May 30. Speaks — " all Hopes of Accommodation past; for that the Dutch are resolved to try the Hazard of one Battle more, having put their Fleet to Sea on Tuesday last, consisting of Seventy-two Ships, besides Fireships. — The Fleet continues yet upon tire Coast, in Expectation of Five or Six good Ships more, which will suddenly be ready."

May 30. Tells — " how good an Omen ’tis reckoned, that their Fleet are out, or most of them; but they had rather have heard a Likelihood of Peace; which is much desired here."

Letter, received May30. Speaks — " the Fleet have set sail from the Texell on Tuesday last, consisting of Seventy capital Ships, besides Fireships, and other Ships; the Squadron of North Holland being likewise ready to follow."

The Design of the Fleet is variously discoursed. Most think they are to join with the French. — The Fleet is still upon the Coast, waiting the coming of the North Holland and Friesland Ships.

The Report concerning the Fort at

That it appears to the Committee, that his Royal Highness, on the 27 th of December lbfib, directed the Commissioners of the Ordnance to send some knowing Person down, to view the Ground at or near the Point; who were to report where the Platform was fittest to be made.

That the View was hereupon made; and, on the 23rd of March, or shortly after, the said Commissioners had

Command from his Royal Highness, for making the Fort there. On the 27th o (Aprilifif'7, Captain Valentine Price was sent dow n with Instructions from the said Commissioners to look after the Works, with Direction also to take care for the Payment of the Workmen employed.

That from the said 27th of April, to the Time of the Attempt made by the Dutch, the Prosecution of the Work was so dilatory, that it was not in any measure defensible; occasioned lay the Want of a sufficient Number of Workmen; there being seldom more than Ten at one Time employed; although, as this Committee was informed, there were Men enough to be hired: And, if this Work had been perfected, which might have been as soon done as that at fVool:rich, with the like Number of Men, or

with a smaller Number in Three Weeks Time, the Navy probably had been secured: And it is the humble Opinion of this Committee, that the Firing of his Majesty's Ships in the River of Medway, to the great Dishonour of the Nation, was chiefiy occasioned by the Neglect of finishing the Fort at Sheernesse.

A Report, in not prosecuting the Victory in the First Summer’s Engagement.

That, it appearing to this Committee, by the Testimony of his Highness Prince Rupert by his Information to the House, that, if the Orders of his Royal Highness had been (as they ought) strictly observed in the First Summer’s Engagement, the whole Fleet of the Enemy had probably been destroyed; it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the not prosecuting the Victory in that Engagement was one of the Miscarriages in the Conduct of the late War.

A Report concerning the Admiral’s quitting the Fleet.

That the Admiral's quitting of the Fleet, about the Month of October in the Year 1665, and drawing off the Ships, whereby the Dutch infested the Coast, to the great Hazard, Dishonour, and Loss of the Kingdom, is one of the great Miscarriages of the late War.

That it be reported to the House, as a [Miscarriage, That, notwithstanding his Majesty had Eighteen thousand Men in Pay, in dispersed Ships, in the Year 1667, there was not a sufficient Number of Ships left to secure the Rivers of Medway and Thames.

A Report of the Payment of the Fleet by Tickets.

The Commissioners and principal Officers of the Navy were the Persons trusted in the late War for discharging the Seamen, upon coming in of Ships into Harbour.

24

The First Time any Ships in his Majesty’s Service were discharged by Tickets, w as in the Month of May 1665; in which Month, the Non such, and the Phoenix, were so discharged; and, betwixt that time and the End of February in the same Year, about Fifty-five Ships more were at several times discharged in the same Manner; all which, except the Lizard, the Bear, and the Holden Lion, were Merchant Ships, Victuallers, Tenders, Water Ships, and Hospital Ships: Which was all done by Order of die Commissioners and principal Officers of the Navy. And his Royal Highness, in his Letter to them of 28 October, 166G, when he was pleased to give Orders for the Payment of the First and Second Rate Ships then coming into Chatham, and the Buoy the Nore, he was so satisfied of the ill Consequences that followed the discharging of Ships with Tickets in die Year before, that, amongst odier Directions in that Letter, he expressed himself in these Words:

" Because the Prejudice which may arise to the King’s Service by the Want and Disorder of the Great Numbers of Men discharged by Tickets, where there is not Money to pay diem, may be greater than the Benefit arising by that Discharge; I chuse therefore not (as formerly) positively to order the immediate doing thereof; but desire you to consult with the Treasurer; and by his Advice to make the best Progress you can in it, w hen you find yourself in Condition for the doing of it."

Nevertheless, w hen the great Ships came into about that rl ime or shortly after lite Date of that Letter, the Lord Brunkard, one of the said Commissioners, repaired thither; and, without any Order for so doing by the said Commissioners (as the Clerk of their Acts informed this Committee) he discharged all the Officers, Soldiers, and Mariners, out of die great Ships, without any Money; giving them Tickets only for their Service: And, being acquainted by Sir He1, ti-s, at that

time, of the dangerous Consequence of such Payment, he would nor thereby be deterred; but answered, He knew his own Business. His Manner of proceeding w as, first to put all the Men out of Wages and Diet, without Pay-meat; and, as soon as lie came to view the Muster of such particular Ship, all that he found absent, after being so put out, he noted as Runaways, thereby to debar them of any Manner of Satisfaction; and to the rest he gave Tickets. In the Ship Henry, whereof Sir Robert Holmes was Commander, he noted Eighty-three for Runaways, who had there-ore no 'rickets, though the Men were as stout and deserving as any in the Fleet, and such as had not forsaken the Ships till they w ere put out of Diet and Wages, and went abroad only to get Subsistence.

We find Payment by Tickets to have always been in Use in the Navy, in some Cases; as, when a Man died, or was slain, the Heir or Administrator of such Person had a Ticket for his Pay; and when any Man, for Sickness, or Insufficiency, was discharged, he likewise had a Ticket made out for receiving his Pay: But the discharging of whole Ships by Tickets was never heard of or attempted till the Time before mentioned; which occasioned many great Inconveniencies: And that which made it yet a greater Grievance, was, the disorderly Payment of the Tickets, which was practised, not only in those that referred to the paying of whole Ships, but also of all other Tickets or Bills for Money due from the Treasurer of the Navy.

His Royal Highness was very careful to have all Tickets regularly paid, and gave therein Directions to the Commissioners and principal Officers of the Navy; who, in pursuance thereof, made Orders, that the Tickets that wrere First in Time Should be First paid; which they themselves never observed: For, though they agreed to the Method in general, yet they still broke it singly; for one Commissioner being always present at each Pay-day, the Tickets of those only were paid, for the most part, who had his Friendship.

And, moreover, when by Bills sent up, whole Ship Companies were directed to come to the Office, to receive the Money due upon their Tickets and Bills at a Day

certain;

19 Gar, II.

140 — 15® Februarii.

5i

certain, they were there delayed and made to attend many Months, till, being tired out they were by Necessity compelled to sell their Tickets and Bills at Five, Six, Seven, Eight, Nine, and sometimes Ten Shillings in the Pound Loss; many of which, "being once sold, we find to have been speedily paid: Which must imply a very corrupt Contrivance to have been between the principal Officers of the Navy and Treasury on the one Part, and the Buyers of the Tickets on the other: Amongst which, as this Committee was informed, one Rabson, a Servant of one of the Commissioners, brought Tickets to the Treasurer’s Office, at several times, amounting to the Sum of near One thousand Pounds, the Monies for which were paid to him by Mr. Stephens one of the Treasurer s Instruments: And most of those that appeared in buying of Tickets immediately from the Seamen were Persons of mean Condition, who for themselves received a small Reward at Three-pence or Six-pence in the Pound at most; yet did, and could, deal for great Sums; as, particularly, one Mrs. SW/?, the Wife of a Purser, returned One thousand Pounds in a Week. By paying by Tickets, Opportunity hath been given, by making false and counterfeit Tickets; of which many have been discovered to this Committee; but it is supposed many more have been paid.

It hath alienated the Hearts of the Seamen from his Majesty's Service; and made many, that had no other Ways of Living, but going to Sea, rather go to the Enemy, than beg; as was evident, when the Holland Ships made the Invasion at Chatham, many of our discontented Seamen were seen.

It hath occasioned Supernumeraries, and disordered all Establishment; and made the Expence of the War much greater than it really was, and impossible to be known, till all be paid. Upon orderly Payment, which -usually was by the Books in the Office, the Treasurer and the principal Officers of his Majesty's Navy saw every Man; and so were Judges, in every Capacity, how they were to be paid, whether as able Seamen, or otherwise; but, to the great Discouragement of Seamen, by the Payment of Tickets, Captains and Pursers, lor private Respect, prefer, as they please, Boys and Persons incapable, to be Midshipmen, able Seamen, or ordinary Seamen.

Mr. Fenn, one belonging to the Office of the Treasury of the Navy, being asked, why the Seamen were not paid in Money, since there had been so much granted by the Parliament, answered, That, from the Beginning of the DutchW ar, which he computed to be at Michaelmas 1604, to Michaelmas 1667, there had not been Three Millions paid into that Office, in Money or Assignment, for the Payment of Seamens Wages, Merchants Goods bought into his Majesty's Stores, Workmen in his Majesty's Yards, and all other Necessaries relating to the War.

Heads of those Matters now before the Committee, now in Preparation.

Ordered, That the further Debate of the Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Die Sabbati9 15* Februarii, 1667*

A PETITION of the Lords, Owners, and Com- Lindsey moners, of and within several l ens and low G reunite Level, lying and being within the Level between the Be a rnc and Keyme Eu9 in the County of Linatney was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be reierred to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Lindsey Level is committed, to take the Petition into Consideration.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in the Day by them appointed for hearing of the Matter concerning Lyndsty Level;

It was Resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That his Majesty be humbly desired by Destroying the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, who are Mem- m New bers of this House, forthwith to give Order* to restrain *oreat" the cutting down-any more Timber in the Acre Forest 9 and carrying aw ay w hat is already felled, notwithstanding any Grants now in being.

Ordered, That the several Woodwards and Verdurers of the New Foi'cst do attend the Committee appointed for Preservation of Timber, at such Day as they shall appoint, to give an Account what Waste and Destruction hath been already committed there; and that all further felling of Timber T rees, and carrying away of what is already felled, be stayed, notwithstanding any Grant in being.

Ordered, That the Committees do put the Laws in force, and inquire into what Grants are made of any Timber in the Aezv Forest, or any other his Majesty's Forests and Woods; and to prepare and bring in a Fill to prevent Waste and Destruction, and for the Preservation, of Timber for the future, in any of his Majesty's Forests or Woods, or elsewhere: And that Serjeant Si sc be added to the Committee, and to take care of the 1 All:

And the Committee is revived; and to sit on Monday next, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Collins, being to attend the Assizes, Leave of have the Leave of this House to absent lor a Fortnight. Absence.

Ordered, That the whole Matter upon the Petition of stonehome’s the Lady Mary Siam'house be heard on Monday Seven- Petition, night next.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Jurors be read on illegal fining Monday Morning. Jurors.

The Miscarrying of the Enterprize at Bergen.

The Plundering the East India Ships, whilst the Dutch Fleet passed.

The ill Choice of Officers in the Fleet.

The not setting out a sufficient Fleet the last Year.

The Separation of those that were out, so that they became useless.

The Want of Provision and Ammunition in our Forts.

The Permission of Seamen to go into Merchant Ships, thereby to make Necessity of not setting out the Fleet.

There be likewise some Particulars in the Narratives of his Highness Prince Rupert, and the Duke oi Albemarle, relating to the Negligences of supplying the Fleet with Provisions and Ammunition, and the slow D ispatch of setting out Fireships, and other Ships, and other Matters of that Nature.

The first Paper, relating to the Miscarriage in point of Intelligence, was read the Second time; and debated:

Resolved, See. That the Division of the Fleet, in May 1666, was a Miscarriage.

Vo 1. IX.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Report Miscarriages from the Committee, to inquire into the Miscarriages of of the War. the late War.

The Question being propounded, That the not timely recalling the Order for the Division of the Fleet, after the Intelligence of the coming out of the Dutch Fleet, was a Miscarriage;

The Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House was divided;

The Noes w ent out.

Tellers,

Sir Tho. Metres,

Sir Edward Seymour,

Col. Sandys,

Col. Birch,

The Main Question being put, That the not timely recalling the Order for the Division of the Fleet, after the Intelligence of the coming out of the Dutch Fleet, was a Miscarriage;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went out.

> for the Yeas, 117. r, S ‘

| for the Noes, 100.

Tellers,

Committees.

Defaulters to Call of the House.

Privilege — Eligibility of a Member.

Leave of Absence.

Sheriffs

Accompts.

Illegal fining of Jurors.

Weymond-sold's Estate

The King’s Speech to b< considered.

Miscarriages #f the War.

5a 15* — -17° — 180- — 190 Februarii. 1667.

Tellers,

Sir Nicholas Carey, > , y

Sir Tho. Clergis,j for the Yeas’ 122‘

Sir Tho. Strickland, 7 XT

Coj. Kama, j for the Noes-

And so it was Resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the further Debate of the Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Resolved, &c. That all Committees, which were discon- Committees, tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 18* 1(367-

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna , 17* F, 1667-

THESE several Members, Defaulters in Attendance on the Call of the House, upon their Excuses, allowed by the House, were discharged of their several Fines of Forty Pounds apiece; viz. Sir IVm.

Mr. Jo.Churchill, Sir Hugh Mr. Eyres, Sir

Robert Cordall, Sir Jo. Hotham, Sir Jo. Cotton, Sir

Hungerford, Mr. Noell, all now present, and attending this House; Sir John Burlace, and Sir Math. Appleyard,

both sick, not able to attend.

Information being given, that Sir Henry Vaughan, being elected to serve for the County of Carmarthen, was a Person outlawed, after Judgment, for a Debt due on a Rond of One thousand Pounds; and the Question being, Whether he can regularly be continued a Member of the House;

Ordered, That this Matter, touching Sir Henry Vaughan, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine, and report it, with their Opinions, to the House: And the Record of the Outlawry is to be produced at the Committee.

Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls, who, by reason of Sickness, is not able to attend the Service of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Humphry Winch, Mr. Pryn, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Lord Fan-

shawe. Sir Robert Atkins, or any Three of them, do attend the Lord Chief Baron, to receive Satisfaction, what hath been done, as to the Ease of the Charge of Sheriffs, and Discharging them, in the Exchequer, upon their Accompts; and report it to the House.

AP E TITIO N of Sir John Carter Knight, Mutton Rescuing

Davies, Wm. Parry, Tho. H Esquire, and Cattle.

Roger Williams, was read.

Sir John Carter, being called in to the Bar, averring the Petition; and the Matter being debated;

Ordered, That Wm. Millward, and Robert Thelwall, being Two of the principal Persons concerned in rescuing the Irish Cattle, and committing the great Riot and Misdemeanor complained of by the Petitioners, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy.

A Bill for frequent holding of Parliaments was read. \ Frequent

Ordered, That the Person, who brought in the Bill, do *?oldi"S of ... , Parliament*

withdraw it.

Ordered, That no Bill of this Nature be tendered to the House, but by Leave of the House, and Order ob-/ tained, after Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mr. Pryn reports from the Committee appointed to Orders and inquire into the Order and Method of Proceedings in Pforee<l>"g* Parliament, a Resolve of the Committee: Which he 0 1 B 0U5e' read; and, after, delivered it in at at the Clerk’s Table:

Which is as followeth; viz.

That if any Motion be made in the House for any publick Aid, or Charge upon the People, the Consideration and Debate thereof ought not presently to be entered upon; but adjourned till such further Day as the House shall think fit to appoint; and then it ought to be referred to the Committee of the whole House; and their Opinions to be reported thereupon, before any Resolution or Vote of the House do pass therein.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that, if any Motion be made in the House for any publick Aid, or Charge upon the People, the Consideration and Debate thereof ought not presently to be entered upon; but adjourned till such further Day, as the House shall think fit to appoint; and then it ought to be referred to the Committee of the whole House; and their Opinions to be reported thereupon, before any Resolution or Vote of the House do pass therein.

Ordered, That the further Debate of the Report con- Miscarriages cerning Miscarriages be adjourned till Thursday Morning of the War. next.

A Bill against Menaces, Fines, Imprisonments of Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Restraint upon Juries Restraint

Juries and Jurors, was read. and Jurors, be read Tomorrow Morning. on Junes.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning. Ordered, That these Members following be added to Williams’

the Committee to which the Lady Williams' Bill was Estate. Ordered, That the Bill concerning Mr. Weymondsoldbe committed; viz. Sir Clement Fisher, Mr.

read the First Bill Tomorrow Morning. Rigby, Mr. Otway.

Resolved, See. That the Matter of his Majesty’s Speech be taken into Consideration on Wednesday Morning next.

The House then proceeded in the further Debate of the Report concerning Miscarriages in the late War: And the latter Part of the First Paper was read; and debated: But the House found no Cause to pass any further Vote thereupon.

The Second Paper, relating to the Miscarriage of Sheemesse, was read; and debated:

Resolved, &c. That the not sufficient fortifying nesse, in June 1667, was a Miscarriage.

Ordered, That the further Debate of the Report concerning Miscarriages be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Weld’s the Committee to which Sir John Weld's Bill w as com- Estate, mitted; viz. Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Law, Sir John Moreton, Col. Reames, Sir Fran. Lawley, Sir Walter St. John, Mr. Gold, Mr. Whittaker.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 19* Februarii, 1667-

RDERED, That Sir John Shaw, being in the Com- Leave of

V mission of the Gaol Delivery for the County of Essex, Absence^, have Leave to go into the Country for Fourteen Days.

Ordered.

o

0 Februarii.

53

19 Car.. II.

19 — 20

1 rave of Absence.

Privilege.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby, being concerned in a Trial to be bail this Assizes, touching a Title of Tythes, to which he makes Claim, have Leave to go into the Country; but to return as soon as the Assizes are done.

Ordered That Mr. Mathew Giles, menial Servant to Sir IhtghlVyndham, being arrested, and detained Prisoner,

in Breach of Privilege, be discharged and set at Liberty.

Deflators to Call of the House.

X

.lip

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Mompeson, Col. Williams, Col. Wanckley, Mr. Arundell, who were all present, and their

Excuses for making Default at the Call of the House allowed, be discharged of their several Fines.

Ordered, That Mr. Wm. Bloys, being aged, sick, and infirm, be excused.

iWi>a- A Bill on die Behalf of Weymondsold Esquire,

»ldi Estate, for Confirmation of a Decree and Agreement, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Adam Browne, Lord Richardson, Sir Sir Edmond

Windham, Col. Sandys, Sir John Cobert, Col. Kirby, Mr. James, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir

Jefferey Shaekerley, Mr. Ratcliff'e, Sir Tho. Price, Sir Edw. Massey, Mr Collingwood, Sir Gcracr, Sir John North-

cote, Sir Fran. Vincent, Mr. Mr. Domhvell, Sir

Robert Carr, Mr. Morrice, Sir Sol. Sxcale, Sir Capell Luckyn, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Otway, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr Westphaling, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr.

Danieli, Mr. Tho. Coventry, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Walter Young, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Hum.

wallis, Sir Geo.Hungerford, and all the Members of this

Die Jovis, 20* Februarii, 1GG7.

ORDERED, That Sir Edward Thourlanhis Royal heave, of Highness's Solicitor, have Leave, for a Week, to go Absence* into the Country, to attend the Assizes in a Trial wherein his Highness is concerned.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Peckham, being concerned to give Evidence in case of Murder, have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, to attend the Assizes.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Masters, having been lately sick of a Fever, and still indisposed, have Leave to go into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That no Motion for Leave for any Person to go into the Country be made till after Ten of the Clock-in the Morning.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Prices of better Execution of the Laws concerning the Prices of Wines, &c. Wines; and for Prevention of the Sophistication of them; was read the Second time.

Ordered, That the further Debate, touching the Committing of this Bill, be adjourned till Saturday Morning Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Spanish Merchants be taken into Consideration, next after the Debate of the Bill concerning Wines.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Report Miscarriage*

concerning Miscarriages in the late War:

of the War.

And the Paper of the Report relating to the Miscar-House, that serve for the Counties of Surrey and Sussex: riage in not prosecuting the Victory in the first Summer’s And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, Engagement; and the Resolve of the Committee there-

Restraint on Junes.

in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill against Restraint on Juries or Jurors, by Fines and Imprisonments, was read the Second time; and debated.

Resolved, Ike. That the Bill be committed, upon the whole Subject Matter of the Debate, to Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Otway, Sir Wm. Lewis, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Rigby, Sir Bainha. Throckmorton, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Wm. Lmvther, Mr. Pepys, Sir Fran. Goodricke, Mr.

Mr. Rigby, Lord St.John, Mr. Sir Robert

upon; being read; and debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Word " greatest*’ be inserted, into the Resolve:

That the Word " Conduct" be omitted. Which was done accordingly.

Resolved, &c. That the not prosecuting the Victory, in the first Summer's Engagement, according to those Orders of his Royal Highness, was one of the greatest Miscarriages in the late War.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Harman do forthwith attend this House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Brooke and Sir Carre

Can, Sir Ant ho. Irby, Sir Solonwn Swale, Sir Tho. Gower, do wait upon his Highness, and desire his Highness, that

ITlf.

w,

Sir Tho. Allen, Mr Seymour, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Hum

Winch, Sir John Denham, Sir Lan Mr. James, Sir

Hugh Windham, Mr. Coroentry, Mr. Pepys, Sir Tre-lawny, Sir Tho. Carey, Sir Henry Capell, Mr.

Sir Walter Young, Sir Geo. HungerfoAnd all that

come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Fri-

TIk King’s

cwuidered.

Sipply.

he would be pleased to give Command to his Secretary, to give Notice to Sir Harman, requiring him to attend

accordingly.

Captain Elliott, being called in; and examined at the Bar of this Blouse; did testify, that Sir Jo. Harman, when he was very sick, and in a dying Condition, did declare day next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the himself to him to the Effect following; viz.

Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, " That, when he was dead, it was possible, that slacking and Records: And it is recommended to Mr. John of Sail, when they were in Pursuit of the Dutch Fleet, Vaughan to take care of the Bill. might be laid to his Charge; but he was not guilty; for

he did nothing but what he had Orders for: And did The House then proceeded to the Consideration of his further declare, that the Orders were not given him by

Inrertf

AUenre,

Majesty's Speech: Which was read and debated.

A Motion being made, for the Supply of the King’s Majesty;

Resolved, &c. That the House will, oh Friday next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, in order to the Consideration of the said Motion.

Ordered, That Sir George Courthopp, being concerned in

a Trial to be had at Sussex Assizes, have the Leave of this House to go into the Country; but to return as soon as the Assizes are done.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Vol. IX.

the Duke of Yorke; and that, if this had not been done, our Fleet might have been close up with the Dutch the next Morning, and some of our Fleet between them and the Shore."

Captain Elliott being called in, and his Examination being read to him, did declare, that it was the Substance of what he had testified.

The House then proceeded to the Reading and Debate of the Fourth Paper of the Report, relating to the Miscarriage in drawing in the Fleet about October 1665: And the Matter being debated;

Resolved, That this Part of the Report be re-committed to the Committee appointed to inquire into Miscarriages.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Meeres be added to the Bill Pluralities, touching Pluralities.

Ordered, That the Lancashire Members be added to Importing the Committee for Irish Cattle. Ir‘skl Cattle,

O Ordered,

p

° Februarii.

Miscarriages of the War.

Post Office.

Defaulters to Call of the House.

Juxon’s

Estate.

State of Trade*

Fitton’s

Petition.

Privilege — Abuse of a Witness.

20 — i

A. i 6

Ordered, That Saturday next be appointed to proceed in the further Consideration of the Report concerning Miscarriages.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to regulate Abuses and Exactions in the Post Office, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow.

And theh adjourned till Eight Tomorrow Morning.

Die Veneris, 21* Februarii, 1667-

OHNCobine, Son of WmCobine, born at J in the Duchy of Bur gen; and Henry King, Son of John King, born at Solengen in the Duchy of Bergen; did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to thfeir Naturalization.

Ordered, That Sir John Carew, and Mr. Bamaby, being now present, and being disabled by Sickness from coming sooner, be discharged of their Fines for making Default on the Call of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for enabling Sir Wm. Jtixon Knight and Baronet, Executor of the last Will and Testament of IVm. Juron, late Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, to recover Part of his Estate, was read the Second time;

Resobed, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Bainh. Throckmorton, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir George Talbott, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Robert Atkins, Six Edm. Wyndham, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Weld, Sir Edm. Bye, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Crouch, Sit Hugh Wyndham, Sir Irby, Sir Rich, Braham, Mr. Culleford, Lord Castleton, Sir Rich. Oateky, Sir Jo. Holland, Lord Fitzwilliams, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Mr. Dowdswell, Mr. Pepys, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Barntiby, Mr. Rigbye, Mr. James Walter, Sir Knight, Sir Cha.Harbord, Mr. Pepys, Sir

Sir Nicho. Slatting, Mr. Nicho. Morrice, Mr. Hum. Weld,

Mr. King, Sir Edward Massey, Sir Walter Young, Sir Strowde, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. ilenley. Sir Jo. Birkenhead: And they are to meet on Monday next, At Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Petition 6f Stephen Stringer, and other Clothiers, was referried, formerly appointed by Order of the 4th of November last, for balancing of Trade, preventing the Exportation of Wool, and other Matters thereby directed, be revived; Arid do sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Report of the Committee, to which the Matter, upon the Petition of Mr. Fitton, was committed, be heard the first Business Tomorrow Morning.

Upon a Report, made by Mr. Cdleman, from the Committee, to Which the Petition of Mr. Fitton was committed, of a Breach of Privilege done by one John Leaven; as followeth;

Stephen Carr, attending, by Order of this Committee, AS A Witness, complains, that John Leiccn, lately turned out of his Majesty's Guard for being a Papist, did, in the Lobby, arid at the Bar of this House, call him the said Stephen Carre Rogue and Beggar; and said, there would fee a Cdurse taken with him; and said, himself was a Gentleman.

Peter Mdppleston says, he saw a tall Gentleman, in a Periwig irt the Lobby, give foul Language to Stephen Carre, calling him Rogue; and, as he remembers, Stephen Carr told him he attended as a Witness.

Stephen Carre further saitli, that this last is the same Person, of whom he complained.

Ordered, That John Leicen be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for hiS Contempt, and Breach of 18

Privilege in his abusing and threateningone Stephen Carre, who attended as a Witness in a Cans5 depending before a Committee of this House, upon the Petition of Mr.

Fitton.

A Petition of Wm. Carr was read. Can;’*

Ordered, That the Petition of WCarr be referred 1,etltlon-to the Committee of Grievances; to examine the Matter, and report it to the House.

Ordered, These Persons following be summoned to give Stonehouse’* in their Evidence, in a Cause, on Monday next, to be heard Petition, at the Bar of this House, upon the Petition o Mary, and Dorothy Slonehouse; and that all the Paper, Books, and Writings, in the Hands of Mr. Marsh, relating to the Matter in Question, be then produced; the Duchess of Albemarle, Mr. Edm. Lcnthall, Mr. Edw. Mr.

Tho. Atkinson, Capt: Thomas Walker, Mrs. Anne Herne,

Robert Warcopp Esquire, Mrs. Joane Cotton, Mr. Bea-mount, Mr . Edward Pincham, Mr. Alexander Greedy, Mr.

Ogilby, Mr. James Vesper, Mr. Lcnthall, Robert Wheeler Esquire, Mr. Jo. Galloway, Capt Lluellin, Mr.

Wm. Bird, Mr. Simon Limbury, Mr. Joseph

Ordered, That these Persons following be summoned to attend, and give Evidence, on Monday next, in a Cause then to be heard at the Bar of tills House, upon the Petition of John, Mary, and Dorothy Stonehouse; viz. Lord Newburgh, Sir Chichester Wrey, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Club, terbrooke, Mr. Benton, Mr. Steward Walker, Mr. Pochins,

James Purser, Sir Edw. Seymour, Lord Comburye, Mr.

Wren, Mr. Carey, Mr. Huntington, Mr. Brice, Mr. Bo-stocke, Mr. Swallow, Robert Perry.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion made on Wednesday, for a Supply of the King’s Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edw. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Edw. Seymour reports from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in Consideration of the AIo-tien for a Supply of the King’s Majesty; and humbly moved it, as the Opinion of the Committee, that the House would appoint a Committee, to take an Account of the Proceed of the Poll Money; as also, an Account of the Aloney registered upon the Eleven Alonths Assessment; and what Part of the Aloney was expended towards the War, according to the Intent of the Act of Parliament, betwixt Michaelmas 1666, and Michaelmas 1667; and what Aloney, arising by the Poll Bill, hath been likewise applied to the Use of the War within the said Time.

Resolved, That the House doth agree yith the Committee of the whole House, that a Committee be appointed to take an Account of the Proceed of the Poll Aloney; as also, to take an Account of the Moneys registered upon the Eleven Alonths Assessment; and what Part of the Money was expended towards the War, according to the Intent of the Act of Parliament, betwixt Michaelmas 1666, and Michaelmas 1667; and what Aloney, arising by the Poll Bill, hath been likewise applied to the Use of the War within the said Time: and it is referred to Mx. Seymour, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Doyley, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Richard Braham, Col. Birch, Mr. Hambden, Mr. Sir

Musgrave, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Waller St. John, Sir Edmund Windham, Sir Jo. Eartily, Sir Mounson, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Dowdswell, Mr. Pry mi, Sir Winch, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Spry, Sir Robert Brookes,

Sir Tho. Metres, Mr. Harbord, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Love,

Sir Clifford Clifton, Lord Castleton, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho.

Allen, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Hunger/ord, Lord

williams, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Onslow: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to appoint Sub Committees of any Three or more of them, from time to time, as they shall see Cause; and to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Resolved,

ioCar.IL 21° — 22(

24® Febru

Resolved, That this House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, in order to the further Consideration of the Motion for- a Supply of the King’s Majesty, on Monday Morning Ten of the Clock.

Stonehouse’s Resolved, That the Cause upon the Petition of John, Ptuikm. Mary, and Dorothy Stonehouse, appointed to be heard on Monday Morning, be heard at the Bar of this House on Monday Sevennight in the Morning.

55

The Sixth Paper, relating to Miscarriaiges in Payment of the Fleet by Tickets, was read: ,

Resolved, That the Practice of discharging of Ships, m tire late War, by Tickets, was a Miscarriage.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 22° 1667.

jurisdiction Ik /TR. Coleman reports from the Committee, to which of Lwds. IYJl the Petition of Mr. Alexander Fitton was committed, That the Committee had met, and heard the Allegation and Evidence of the Petitioner, and had commanded him to report the Matter of Fact, and Matter of Law, to the House; and a Resolve of the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered in his Report at the Clerk's Table.

And the Resolve of the Committee was again read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Matter of the Petitioner’s Complaint, concerning the Jurisdiction of the House of Lords, is fit to be argued at the Bar of this House.

The Petition of the Lord Gerrard, to the House of Lords, was read.

The Order and Sentence of the House of Lords was read.

The Petition of Alexander Fitton, to this House, was read.

Resolved, That the Matter, upon the Report, touching the Jurisdiction of the House of Lords, be heard at the Bar of this House on Tuesday come Sevennight

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Privileges of this House; and to inquire into the Precedents concerning the Jurisdiction and Manner of the Lords Proceedings in Cases of this Nature; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House; viz. Mr. Vaughan, Sir Walter Young, Sir John Maynard, Sir Ed-mrdThurland, Sir Solomon? Swale, Mr. Coleman, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Seymour, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steward, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Pryn, Col. Birch, SiT.Swynfen, Mr. Mount ague, Sit Tho. Lee, Mr. Steward-, or any Three of them; and to meet de die in diem: And it is recommended to Mr. Vaughan, Serj. Maynard, and Mr. Prynn, to take special Care in this Business.

bm of Ordered, That Mr. Coleman have Leave to go into the aimdc?. Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Fount have Leave to attend the Assizes.

Ordered, That Sir Fran. Goodrick have Leave to attend the Assizes.

Ordered, That Mr. Otxcay have Leave to go into the Country.

IVjre Ordered, That Deane Forest Committee be revived; kfst and do sit this Afternoon.

DtMtfr to Ordered, That Mr. Orme, being sick, be excused from

c 11 of the his Fine.

Ilr«.

Ordered, That Mr. Banistre Mainard (his Lady being fence, sick) be excused for his going into the Country.

IferamiEfs The House then resumed the Debate of the Report tuie War. concerning Miscarriages in the late War:

' The First Paper of the Report, relating to the Miscarriages, in not having a sufficient Number of Ships left to secure the Rivers of Medway and Thames, was read; and debated:

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, that it was a Miscarriage; that, notwithstanding his Majesty had 18,000 Men in Pay, in dispersed Ships, in the Year 1667, there was not a sufficient Number of Ships left to secure the Rivers of Medway and Thames. Vox. IX.

Die Dunce, 24* Februarii, 1667*

ORDERED, That the Committee, to which the Bill Golding’s for making good Recoveries suffered by Richard Gold- Estate. ingClerk, is committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: and Mr. grave, and Mr. Kent, are added to the Committee.

Mr. Jones reports from the Committee, to which the importing additional Bill for preventing the Importation of Irish Irish Cattle. Cattle, was committed, several Amendments, Additions, and Alterations, agreed unto by the Committee, to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place: And, being afterwards twice read at the Clerk’s Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Newton (his Lady being sick) Defaulters to be discharged of his Fine of Forty Pounds, for Default Call of the of attending at the Call of the House. House.

Ordered, That Sir Humphrey Hooke (his Family having been sick) be discharged of his Fine of Forty Pounds, for not attending at the Call of the Flouse.

A Petition of John Lewen, now in Custody of the Ser- privilege —

jeant at Arms, was read. Petition from

Resolved, That Air. John Lewen be called unto the a person in Bar of this House. custody.

And, being called in; and having received a Represension from Mr. Speaker for his Breach of Privilege;

Ordered, That Mr. John Lewen be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Petition of Toby Humphryes, Hearth-Richard Pritchard, Wm.Moody, Tho. Drivers, and money Wm. Robinson, be read on Monday next. Collector*.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Wheeler, Col. Williams, Sir jllXon>4 Jona. TreUncny, Mr. Trelawny, Sir Henru Yelverton, be Estate,

added to the Committee, to which Sir Wm. Juxons Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Bawyer, being sick, havej^aveof Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion made for a Supply of the King's Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That they had proceeded in the further Consideration of the Motion for his Majesty's Supply; and humbly moved it, as the Opinion of the Committee, that the House give it in Charge to the Committee appointed to inspect the Proceed of the Poll Bill, and the Bill for the Eleven Months Assessment, and how the Alonies arising thereby are expended, to expedite their Report; and be ready to make the same on Wednesday Aloming next.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Proceed of the Poll Bill, and the Bill for the Eleven Months Assessment, and how the Monies arising thereby are expended,

240 — 26° — 270 Februarii. A. 1667.

pended, do expedite their Report, and be ready to make the same on Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Wednesday Morning next, in order to the further Consideration of the Motion for a Supply for the King’s Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

nor any for him, attending): And the Committee, upon Perusal of the Court Books of the Manor, of which the Copyhold Tenement is held, from which the Cattle were distrained for Non-payment of the Relit, is the Tenement of Tho. Felton Esquire, and not of Sir Ilcnry Felton; and that the Committee were of Opinion, that Tho. Styles ought to be discharged of his Commitment.

Ordered, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Tho. Styles be discharged from his Commitment to the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Weld’s Debt.

Timber.

Leave of Absence.

Defaulters to Call of the House.

Exporting Wool from Ireland.

Increase of Timber.

Privilege.

Die Mercurii, 26° , 1667.

QIAION Fransia, Son of George born in

Malaga, in Spaine, did this Day take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Weld reports from the Committee, to which the Bill of Sir John H eld, was committed, several Amendments, Clauses, and Provisoes, agreed to be made and added to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the several Clauses and Amendments being Twice read, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrafted.

Some Merchants, and others, having delivered in Proposals to bring down the Price of Timber for the Advantage of the rebuilding of the City of; and desiring

their Proposals, and Reasons for the same, may be heard and examined;

Resolved, That it be referred to Lord Richardson, Colonel Birch, Sir Jo. Burkenhead, Sir Solomon Szcale, Sir

Wm. Doyley, Mr. Crouch, Sir Mr

Mr. Sandys, Sir John Shari', Sir Richard Mr.

King, Sir John Frederick, Sir Jo. ?>\v Anth. Irby,

Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Bra ham,

Mr. Harbord, Mr. Hungerjord, Sir James Thynn, Mr.

Westphaling, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Crooke, Mr. Jones, Mr. Love, and all the Members of this House that serve for the City of London, or any Port Towms; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to examine the Proposals, and hear what Reasons can be offered for the same; and to report the Matter, w’ith their Opinion therein, to the House: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Pepys have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir John Moreton have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Oglander, having been and still continuing very sick, be excused from his Fine of Forty Pounds for not attending the Call of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Petition of Stringer was referred, and who are to examine

and report the Matter touching the Exportation of Wool, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock; and Sir Cha. Wheeler, Col. Wanklyn, and Mr. Kent, are added to the Committee: And the Committee are also to examine, what inconveniences are by exporting Wool from Ireland; and report it to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill for Increase of Timber be read Tomorrow Morning.

Serjeant Charleton reports from the Committee of Privileges, the Case, upon the Petition of Tho. Styles, formerly committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, upon a supposed Breach of Privilege, for Distraining the Cattle of Sir Henry Felton,a Member of this House; that

the Committee had examined the Matter, and heard the Evidence on Behalf of the Petitioner’ (Sir Henry Felton,

Mr. Steward reports from the Committee, to which Horton the Bill for the Inclosing of certain Coppices, belonging hiclosurr. to the Manor of Horton in the County of Gloucester, for the Preservation and Increase of Timber, several Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same at the Clerk’s Table: And the several Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Saturday Sevennight next be appointed Privilege, for the Committee of Priv ileges, to hear Sir Henry Felton, by himself, or his Counsel, as to the Matter objected, in charging Thonuis Styles with the supposed Breach of Privilege, when no Person, that could claim Privilege, was concerned: and Mr. Walgrave is desired to give Sir Henry Felton notice.

Sir Charles Harbord, Mr.^n/, and Sir Poil Tax.

reports from the Committee appointed to inspect the Tro-ceed of the Poll Bill, and for the Eleven Months Assessment, and how the Money arising thereby are expended,

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply. House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion made for the Supply of the King’s Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the Motion for his Majesty's Supply; and humbly moved from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, again, Tomorrow Morning, to take into further Consideration the said Motion for his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the Motion for his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Throckmorton, Sir Electing

John Denham, be added to the Committee, to which the for

Bill for electing Members to serve in Parliament for the County of Durham, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning Eight, of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 27* Februarii, 1667.

ANDREW Jacobs, Son of Jacob born at

Warkham in Friesland, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Dalton, and Mr. John Fuller, be- Defauitfrs to ing now present, attending the Service of the House, and Cull of the not able, by reason of Sickness, sooner to attend, be dis- House, charged of their Fines of Forty Pounds apiece, for failing to attend at the Call of the House.

Ordered, That Simon A fart in, John John Nettle, Privilege.

Henry Stippon, and George. Taprcll, besentfor, in Custody

of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, to answer their

Breach

19 Car. II. 170 — 28°

Breach of Privilege* in driving and impounding the Cattle of Sir Jona. Trelawny,a Member of this House, out of

a Field, called Ashen Crosse Park, and other Grounds, belonging to a Tenement, called Lower in the

Parish of Pelint.

Importing Information being given, that Wm. Henry

irj>h Cattle. Parmiler, Giles Bower, &nd had, by Fraud

and Combination, since the passing the late Act against importing Irish Cattle, caused some Thousands of Cattle to be imported, and disposed, contrary to the Act;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to which the additional Bill against importing Cattle was committed, to examine the Matter of Abuse and Misdemeanour before-mentioned; and report it to the House: And the Committee is revived; and they are to sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon; and the Persons before-mentioned are to be summoned to attend the Committee the 11th of March next.

Htblt- Ordered, That Sir Thomas Heblethwaites Bill be read

thwaites Tomorrow Morning.

frlaie. ®'

MooiM due Ordei'cd, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

to the Crown. compel such Persons, as detain the King's Money in their Hands, to pay Interest and Damage for it.

Februarii 57

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and humbly moved, that the House would resolve into a Committee on Saturday Morning next, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, That this House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Saturday Morning next, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, That all Committees, that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow in the Afternoon,

Two of the Clock.

Resolved, &c. That Col. Williams have the Leave of Leave of this House to go into the Country for a Fortnight, tg Absence, attend a Trial concerning him at the Assizes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 28° Februarii, 1667.

Crow Ordered, That Sir Cha. do make Report, for

Lands. so much as he hath already collected and is ready, touching Lands alienated from the Crown, on Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Col. Birch, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bus-emren, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Robert Carr, Col.

Sir Solomon Su ede, Mr.' Prynn, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Jol-lisse, Mr. Sprye, Sir Jo. Jor any Three of them, to be joined to Sir Charles to assist him in per-

fecting the remaining Part of his Report, touching Lands alienated from the Crown.

Theft and Ordered, That Sir Jo.Fitz James, Sir Solomon Swale, KoUiena Q,) Kirby, Sir Jo. Lmcther and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Surry, Bucks, Essex, Berks, Hampshire, Kent, and Cambridgeshire, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill to prevent 1 helt and , Rapine, was committed.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees, which were discontinued be revived; and do sit tins Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

j CaW^e*0 Ordered, That the Lord Rosse, being now present, be I House. discharged of the Fine of Forty Pounds, for not attending

the Call of the House.

JlfARYIVanley Widow, the late Wife of Valentine IVanley, born at I) up in Normandy, did this Day

take the Oaths of Alle her Naturalization

giance and Supremacy, in order to

A Bill to enable Sir Tho. Ileb/ethwaiteto settle an Estate, Heble-for Provision of younger Children, was read the First thw.hte’s time. Estate.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the Preservation and Increase of Timber in Preserving the Forest of Deane,w as read the Second time. Timber iu

Resolved, That this Bill be committed, upon the Debate in the House, to the Committee, to which it w as referred to prepare and bring in the Bill; and that these Persons following be added to the Committee; Sir Tho. (Ioxer, Sir Cha.Ilarbord, Sir Winch, Sir

Northcote, Col. Birch, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Ant ho. Irby,

Mr. Sprye, §ir Jo. Birkenhead, Mr. Mr. Weld,

Sir Win. Terringham, Sir Richard Lord Fitz-

williams, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Jo. Fitz James, Sir Wm.Lord her, Sir Jo.Holland, Sir

And the Committee are revived; and to sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Privilege. — A Letter of JVm. Constantine was read.

Reflection on Ordered, That Mr. Constantine be summoned to attend fm er5, this House, to give an Account and Answer touching his Letter now read, seeming to reflect upon some Members of this House, and Proceedings of Parliament.

oitkWaf* Resolved, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, resume the Consideration of the Matter, concerning the Miscarriages in the late War.

IlKth An additional Bill to prevent Abuses in collecting the Money Tax. j)u(:y arjsing by Hearth Money, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, on , Saturday next.

TriUr'm ^01 iacreasing and Preservation of Timber in n"Mr m Beane Forest, was read the First time.

Forest. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time

f Tomorrow Morning.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the

whole House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion made for a Supply of the King’s Majesty.

... Yoi. IX.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Wiseman be discharged of Defaulter to his Fine of Forty Pounds, for not attending the Call of Call of the the House. ' House-

A Petition of John Lund was read: And, being called Lund’s in to the Bar of this House; and owning and averring Petition, his Petition;

Resolved, &c. That the Petition be committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Mr.

Weld, Sir Rich. Braham, Mr, Pleydell, Col. Sandys, Mr.

Robert Mill-ward, Mr. Buscowen, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Job. Charlton, Col. Birch, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Jeffery Shackcrley, Mr. Giles Hungerford, Sir Robert Brooks, Mr.

Chi'. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Littleton, M r. Westphaling, Mr.

Bernard Grenvilc, SirWalterYoung, Sir Lord

Ancram, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Edw.

Seymour, Sir Jo. War re, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir/o. More-

ion, Mr. Walter Strickland, Lord Angler, Mr. Dazcds-

well, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir FretchvileHollis, Sir Wm.

Smith, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hobby, Sir ClffordClif ton, to

take the Petition into Consideration; and to send for Sir

Tho. Hampson, or any other Persons concerned; and to

examine the Matter, and report it, with their Opinions*

P w hat

5»

a8° — 2,9° Februarii. — 20 Martii.

:1V.-

.1

wha they think fit to be done, to the House; and also to prepare and bring in a Bill, if they find Cause, to prevent Inconveniences in the Execution of the Law: And, for their better Proceeding, they are impowered to appoint any Two of the Committee to attend the Lord Chief Baron, and Barons of the Exchequer, and confer with them in this Matter; and give an Account of their Proceeding to the Committee: And they are to meet at Two -of the Clock Bus Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Fran, duller be discharged of his

Defaulter to

Housedthe Fine of Forty Pounds, imposed for his default in not at tending the Service of this House.

Interruption* in Public Worship.

Miscarriages of the War.

Several Informations being given of insolent Carriages and Abuses, committed by Persons in many Places, in interrupting and disturbing Ministers in their Churches, and holding Meetings of their ow n, contrary to Law;

Resolved, That this Matter be taken into further Consideration on Monday Morning next.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter concerning Miscarriages in the late War.

The Paper of Report, relating to Miscarriages in discharging Ships by Tickets, was again read.

A Paper of the Lord Anglesey, concerning Inconveniences and Abuses in discharging Mariners by Tickets, was read.

The Orders of the Commissioners of the Navy, concerning the Method of Payment of Tickets, was delivered in, and read.

Resolved \See. That the Commissioners of the Navy be heard on Thursday next, to answer their not observing their own Order, of the Second of August 1666, for t!ie more regular paying off Seamen with Tickets; and why they paid by Tickets.

Resolved, That the further Debate of the Report of Miscarriages in the late War be re-assumed on Thursday Morning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, which are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

and to peruse, and take into Consideration, the Three former Acts made concerning this Duty, and such Proposals as shall be made for the more easy and effectual collecting of it: And Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Cha.

Sir IVm. Lou ther, Mr. Vaughan, Col Young, Mr. Whorewood, Sir Tho. Sir Tho. Hig-

gons, Mr. JVm. Harbord, Mr. Repys, Mr. Ratcliffe, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir JVm. Lewis, Mr.

Crouch, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. Sir Win.

Strode, Sir Antho. Irby, Mr. Pry Sir Jo. Moreton, are added to the Committee: And all that come are to have Voices.

The Question being put, That Thursday Fortnight be Motion de-appointed for Mr. Constantine to attend the House to frn ing the give an Account concerning the Letter; attendance

The House was divided.

i’a person.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Jona. Trel

Sir A icho.Carew,

Mr. Weld,

And so it passed in the Negative.

for the Yeas, 78.

| for the Noes, 96.

Hartford Writ deferred.

Die Sabbati, 29* , 1667.

ORDERED, That to prevent any Surprize in the electing a Knight for the County of Hartford, Mr. Speaker do forbear to sign the Warrant for the Election of a Knight for that County till Thursday next

Post Office. Mr. Ratcliffedelivers in a Bill, prepared by the Committee appointed for that purpose, to prevent Abuses in

Privilege. — Petition from persons in custody.

Report to be made.

Hearth hloney Tax.

the Post Office.

A Petition of Toby Humphreys, W71.

Moody, Tho. Driver, and JVm. Robinson, now Prisoners in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was read: But the Abuse and Misdemeanour by them committed being very great and oppressive to the Country; and their Petition was not submissive, in acknowledging the Matter of Fact and Offence; nor offering Satisfaction to the Persons injured; the House rejected the Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Steward's Report be made on Monday Morning.

An additional Bill to prevent Abuses arising by the Duty of Hearth Money, in collecting thereof, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee, which was tormerly appointed to prepare and bring in the Bill: And that the Committee be revived, and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed;

Ordered, That Mr. Walden have the Leave of this Leave of House to go into the Country to attend the Assizes. Absence.

The House then Resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion made, for a Supply for the King's Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Seymour reports from the Committee of the whole House, as to the Manner of raising the Supply for his Majesty; and humbly moved from the said Committee, that the House would nominate a Committee, to consider w hat Foreign Commodities are fit to receive an additional Duty; and to estimate what the same may raise yearly; and to inspect the Custom House Books for the same Purpose; and to report the same to the House: And that the House would resolve into a Committee again, on Friday Morning next, to proceed in the Matter of his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a Committee be appointed to consider what Foreign Commodities are fit to receive an additional Duty; and to estimate what the same may raise in a Year’s time; and to inspect the Custom House Books for the same Purpose; and to report the same to the House; Sir Tho.

Meerts, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Tho. Lee,

Sir Jo.Earnley, Mr. JVhorwood, Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. Buscowen, Sir Birkenhead, Col.

Birch, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Love, Mr. Jones, Sir A Carey, Mr. Dunstan, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Gower.

Sir JVm. Lowther, Sir John Shawc',or any Three of them;

And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Friday Aloming next, to proceed in the Alatter of his Majesty's Supply,

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Committees. Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Place formerly appointed.

And then Adjourned till Monday Aloming Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 2# Martii, 1667-

ORDERED, That Sir Wm. Thompson and Air. Hilton’* Love be added to thq Committee to which Baron Charities. Hiltons Bill was committed.

Col.

19 Car. II. 20 — 30

Vnmnnii- Col. Kirby reports from the Committee to which the old»Lstate. gjj Qn the ]3e]ia|f of Daw Esquire, was

committed, for settling of divers customary Lands of the Manor of Wimble ton, that the Committee had carefully perused the Kill, and examined the Matter, and found no Cause to make any Alteration therein.

Resolved, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Pfdtbams Mr. Stercard reports from the Committee, to which

£‘uw- the Bill to enable John Peckham Esquire to sell Lands in Norfolke, to pay Debts, was committed, a Clause to be added to the Bill: Which he read: And the same being Twice read, and an Amendment agreed thereto, in the Question;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Sewell’s Ordered', That the Bill, on the Behalf of Mr. Sewell, 6lli' be read Tomorrow Morning.

Import'll The additional ingrossed Bill against the Importation of

1 !itl dl Foreign Cattle, was read,

I Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act against the Importation of Foreign Cattle.

I Commission- Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Commissioners "k appointed by the Act of Parliament for the Accompt of v' publick Monies, by Sir Robert Carre, and Sir Tho. Lee, to desire them to expedite that Matter; and give Intimation when they shall be ready to impart any thing of their Proceedings to the House.

Low of Ordered, That Sir Henry Capell have the Leave of this

AWact. House to go into the Country.

Miiilters to Ordered, That Sir Jo. D and Mr. Leighton, be-CJlotibe Tig disabled by Sickness sooner to attend the Service of the House, be discharged of their Fines of Forty Pounds apiece.

Ue of Ordered, That Air. Sam. Sandys the younger have Leave

Aiotoce. to go into the Country on Wednesday next.

Jon A ction Ordered, That Mr. Pemberton and Mr. OJflcy be, by 01 Lords, this House, assigned Counsel to Mr. Fit ton, upon his Petition depending in this House.

ftwhouse’i The House then proceeded to the Hearing of the Cause,

h""on- upon the Petition of Jo. Mary, and Dorothy:

And the Counsel, on both Sides, being called in to the Bar; and the Petitioners Case opened and stated by their Counsel; and several Witnesses being called in, and examined; and divers Deeds and Writings being likewise read, as Evidence on their Behalf;

Resolved, That the House be adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon; and that they do then resume the further Hearing of the Cause.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met, did again proceed in the further Hearing of the Cause upon the Petition of John, Mary, and Dorothy Stonehouse, on the Part of the Petitioners: And several other Witnesses were called in, and examined on their Behalf.

It being proposed, that Mr. John who mar-

ried the Lady Stonehouse, another of the Petitioners, Should be examined, as a Witness, in the Cause on their Behalf; but the Counsel on the other Side excepting against his Testimony, as a Person concerned in point of Interest; and that Iris Testimony may tend to his own Discharge;

The Parties, and the Counsel, being withdrawn; and , the Matter being debated;

The Question being put, Whether Mr. John Lenihall 1 shall be admitted in this Cause, as a Witness, or not;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Evidence of the Lady Stem house be admitted in this Case;

I Vojl IX.

t

Martii.

59

It passed in the Negative.

A Paper in Writing, signed with the Name of the Duchess of Albemarle, being tendered to the House, as a Narrative, or Evidence, of her Knowledge touching the Matter in Question: Which being brought in without any Desire or Direction from the House;

The Question being put, That the Paper of Testimony of the Duchess of Albemarle be read;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Seymour,

Lord Gorge,

Sir Thomas Alien,

j For the Yeas, 66.

| For the Noes, 128.

And so passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard, and Mr. Henry Co- ventry, do attend the Duchess of Albemarle to receive such Testimony, as her Grace can give in the Case, concerning such Children of the Lady Stonehouse: And one Counsel, on each Side, have also Leave to attend with them, if they think fit, for their Attendance therein; and to propose such Propositions, as they conceive requisite.

Several other Witnesses were called in, and examined: And all the Matter of the Evidence, on the Behalf of the Petitioners, which they had now to offer, being fully heard; the Counsel of the Lord Cornbury (being the Person concerned in point of Interest) attending; and being ready, and offering to make Defence, and give Answer to the Matter complained of by the Petitioners, and the Evidence given in on their Behalf: But it being very late in the Evening, and there being several Matters of Consequence appointed for each remaining Day this Week;

Resolved, That the House will proceed in the further Hearing of the Cause, upon the Petition of the said John, Dorothy, and Mary Stonehouse, on this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mortis, 3° Martii, 1607*

ORDERED, That the Bill concerning Deeping Fen Deeping be read Tomorrow Morning. *en’

Ordered, That all Committees, which were discontinued, Committee*, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

A Bill for enabling Sir Thomas Hcblethwaite to settle Heble- Lands on Trustees, to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children, was read the Second time. 3 a

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Richard Sir Adam

Browne, Mr. Buscemen, Sir Clifford Clifton, Dr. Bur-wet, Sir James Thynn, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Serj. Sets, Mr . Westphaling, Sir Tho. Air. Hatton,

Lord Richardson, Sir Phi/l. Afus grave, Mr. Weld, Sir Allen, Sir Antho.Irby, Sir Win. Lordlier, Mr. Morrice,

Air. Steward, and all the Alembers of this House, that serve for the County of Yorke:And they are to meet To-

morrow at Two of the ( lock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to summon and hear all such Persons, as they shall find necessary, to receive Satisfaction touching the Consent of the Grandfather and Grandmother of the Children on the Mother’s Side, for the passing of the Bill: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Harbord's Report, so far as he CrownLand*. is ready, touching Lands alienated from the Crown, be made on Saturday A Joining next.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to aid in assisting Sir Cha.Harhord in perfecting the Report concerning

Lands alienated from the Crown, be revived; and do sit de die in diem; in order to the finishing the whole Report

against Saturday Morning next

Ordered,

66 3° — 4° — 5 1667.

Prices of , Ordered, That the Debate of the Bill for settling Prices Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on

Vines, See. of Wines, be resumed on Saturday Morning next. Saturday next.

Horton Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill concerning Mr.

Inclosure. Easton be read Tomorrow Morning.

Post Office. . Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Post Office be read on Saturday Morning next

Escapes from An ingrossed Bill to indemnify the late Sheriffs of Lon-London touching Escapes of Prisoners in the Time of the late

Sherifls. Fire, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act to indemnify the late Sheriffs of London, touching Escapes of Prisoners in the Time of the late Fire.

Jurisdiction The House then proceeded to the Hearing of the Mat-of Lords. ter, upon the Report, in the Case of Mr.: And

Counsel, assigned Mr. Fitton, being heard at the Bar;

Resolved, That the Debate in this Matter be resumed on this Day Sevennight.

I.indsey Ordered, That the Matter concerning Lindsey Level be

Leveh heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Sevennight.

Jurisdiction Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider ol Lords. of the Privileges of this House, and the Jurisdiction of the Lords Proceedings in the Case of a Commoner, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And Mr. Sir

Frederick Hyde, Serj. Seis, Serj. Charlton, ]\lr. are added to the Committee: And they are to sit de die in diem-, and hasten their Report to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mundeford ston and Sir Justinian Bowen;

Bedford Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill,

Level. intituled, An Act for the Taxing and Assessing the Lands of the Adventurers within the great Level of the Fens; with some Additions and Alterations: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Exporting And we are likewise commanded to acquaint you, Leather. that their Lordships have agreed to the Bill for exporting Leather.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 4° 1667-

Southampton A PETITION of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, Parish. JTjL of the Town and County of Southampton, being tendered and opened to the House; craving Leave to bring in a Bill for uniting of Parishes, and raising of Maintenance for Ministers, to supply the Cures of the Churches within the said Town;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in such a Bill: And that the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Dr.Whar- Colonel Kirkhy reports from the Committee to, which ton’s Estate, the Bill for enabling Jane and Henry Parkins to ensure Dr. Whartons Lands, purchased in the County Palatine

of Durham, a Proviso agreed by the Committee to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and, the same being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Leave to pe- Ordered, That Sir Robert Carr have Liberty to peruse ruse Papers such Deeds and Writings now in the Hands of the Clerk hands.this House, as he shall desire: Which are to be delivered to him for that Purpose, upon his Note of Receipt of them.

peeping Fen. - An additional Bill for draining the Fen called Deeping Fen, was read the First time.

Ordered, That Colonel Robinson be discharged of his Defaulter to Fine of Forty Pounds for not attending at the Call of 9al1 of the House. I,ouse’

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Strode, being sick, and indis- Leave of posed, have Leave to go into the Country lor Recovery Absence, of his Health.

An ingrossed Bill for Security and Satisfaction of a Debt Weld’s Debt, due to Sir John Weld, from the late Earl of was read.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for Security and Satisfaction of a Debt due to Sir John Weld, from the late Earl of Cleavtland.

An ingrossed Bill for proceeding to Judgment on Writs Exchequer of Error brought in the Exchequer, was read. n,s of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, rror*

An Act for proceeding to Judgment on Writs of Error brought in the Exchequer.

An ingrossed Bill, to perform an Agreement between Horton Wm. Poston Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Horton, and Inclusure‘ the Tenants of the said Manor, for an Inclosure of Part of the Waste of the said Manor, for the Preservation and Growth of Wood and Timber, was read.

Resolved, That this Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act to confirm an Agreement between Wm.

Pas ton Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Horton, and the Tenants of the said Manor, for an Inclosure of Part of the Waste of the said Manor, for the Preservation and Grow tli of Wood and Timber.

Ordered, That the Bill on the Behalf of Dawes Wey~ Weymond-mondsold Esquire be read the first Bill Tomorrow solds Estate, Morning.

The House, according to former Order, took into Con- Address — sideration the Information of the insolent Carriage and Convwuickl Abuses committed by Persons in several Places, in inter-

rupting and disturbing of Ministers in their Churches, and holding Meetings of their own, contrary to the Law.

Resolved, That this House in a Body address themselves to his Majesty, to desire him to issue forth his Proclamation for the enforcing the Laws against Conventicles; and that there may be Care taken for the Preservation of the Peace of the Kingdom against unlawful Assemblies of

o o

Papist and Nonconformists: And that the latter Part of his Majesty’s Speech be taken into Consideration on this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Committees. Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 5* Martii, 1667-

ORDERED, That all Proceedings in the Actions Privilege.

brought by Sir Francis Roll, against the Tenants of the Manor of Ascott and Northlead, in the County of Somersett, in which Sir Lancelot Lake is interested, as a Trustee, by Conveyance from Sir Tho. Cheeke, for a Term yet in being, be staid, during the Session and Privilege of Parliament.

A Petition of Sir Jo.Cutts was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill, Bedford . Tomorrow Morning on the Behalf of Sir Cutts, for Lev*' Explanation of a former Act touching the draining of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level.

The Amendments and Provisoes, sent down from the Ditto. Lords, to the Bill for taxing and assessing the Lands of the Adventurers within the great Level of the Fens, called 11)

19 Car. II. 5° — 6° Martti.

Beds ord Level, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, That the Proviso and Amendments, agreed to, be inserted, and added to the Bill.

' King's

'c’ Pleasure to

be known when he will " be attended.

Ordered, That such Members of the House, which are of his Majesty 's Privy Council, do this Morning wait on his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, when the House shall attend him with the Vote passed Yesterday.

Exportation Ordered, That the Committee to whom it was, amongst

oHlorses, 0{her tilings, referred, to bring in a Bill for the more free Exportation of Horses, Com, Cattle, and Victuals, be impowered to bring in a Clause to make Provisions for discouraging the Importation of Foreign Com: And do also consider of the Custom in Coal exported; and how an Improvement may be made to his Majesty.

privilege- Information being given to the House of a great Abuse

t*. Ludlow committed against Mr. Secretary , by one If ni.

iti Publication. Thropp, a Bookseller in Chester, in publishing a Letter

u:' pretended to be writ by -one Robert Claveli an Under

! Secretary to Mr. Secretary Morrice', who affirms he

j never had any such Servant, nor is acquainted with any

I Person of that Name;

Ordered, That the said Wm. Throp be sent for, to answer his Abuse and Misdemeanour therein; and to bring with him the said pretended Letter; and that Mr. Alexander Rigby, who did, by a Letter, acquaint Sir Fran. Shackerley of the Contents of the said pretended Letter, do then also attend this House, to give what Account he can concerning this Matter.

iPiri Con- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine MMles,&c. the Matter of Information touching the Insolencies of Nonconformists in Staffordshire', and also to receive Information, and examine such Matters as shall be offered, concerning the illegal Conventicles and Meetings, and the Insolencies and Disturbances of Nonconformists; and by whom, and what Means, they received Encou-rc:S_ ragement; or any thing else which may relate thereto;

non viz. Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Sir Jona. Tre-

® larxney, Sir Walter Strickland, Major General Edgerton,

Sir Jo. Holland, Sir HughBMr. Buscowen, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Robert Atkins, Col. Kirby, Sir Nicho. Carey, Sir Rich. Browne, Sir Sir JFm.

Lowther, Col. Birch, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Mr. Cheyne, Mr. Henry Seymour, Mr. Crouch, Sir Sir

Tho. Meeres, Sir Bernard Greoile, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir IV)m. Smith, Sir James Th Sir John Knight, Sir Tho.

Allen, Sir Hugh Wyndham Sir Jo. Talbot, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Gilbert Talbott: And all that come are to have Voices:

I And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock:

its And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

j:,g The Lord Fitzharding acquainted the House, that his apiwints to Majesty had appointed this House to attend him this keoueadei Afternoon at Three of the Clock, at the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

The House then proceeded to the Examination of the kkeu. Matter relating to the Miscarriage, in discharging Seamen by Tickets, according to former Order: And the Commissioners of the Navy being fully heard thereunto, and as to their not regular Payment off of Tickets; and the Matter afterward debated;

Resolved, That the further Debate of this Matter be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir George Carterett, late Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, do, on To-morn-w Sevennight, give an Account of what Monies was assigned for the Navy, k and how afterwards employed and issued by him. i

i Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

to consider what Foreign Commodities are fit to bear an additional Charge at the Custom House, and to bring in their Estimate thereupon, as near as they can: And have Leave to sit this Afternoon, the Order to the contrary notwithstanding.

It being Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, Mr. Answer to Speaker and the House went to attend his Majesty at Address. Whitehall.

Mr. Speaker and the House being returned from his Majesty;

Air. Speaker acquaints the House, that, having read the Vote of this House to his Majesty, his Majesty was graciously pleased to return an Answer to this Effect;

I WILL issue forth My Proclamation, according to your Desire; and I do not doubt, but you will take the Second Part of Aly Speech into Consideration, according to your Vote.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be xhauks on returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Answer to the Answer. Address of this House: And Air. Henry Coventry, Sir James Smith, Sir Edm. Windham, and Sir John Birkenhead, are to return the Thanks of this House to his Majesty accordingly.

Ordered, That Air. Foord, Mr. Sir Tho. Encouraging

Wendy, Mr. Roberts, be added to Dr. Chamberlaine's Navigation. Committee: And they are to sit this Afternoon, the Order of this Day to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Alatter jurisdiction concerning the Jurisdiction of the House of Lords is of Lords, committed, do sit this Afternoon, the Order of this Day to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Alatter Money concerning the truly loyal indigent Officers is committed, recei^d for have Leave to bring in a Bill to enforce those, who have indigent any of the Alonies belonging to the said loyal Officers officers-in their Hands, to bring in the same; or to pay double Interest and Damages for the detaining thereof.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Thefts awl preventing Thefts and Robberies is committed, do sit this Robberies. Afternoon, the Order to the contrary notwithstanding.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 6° Martii, 1067.

AB I L L for Naturalization of John Comine, and Comine’s, others, was read the First time. &c- N<n-

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time.

A Bill for uniting Parishes, and raising a Alaintenance Southampton for Alinisters, to supply the Cures within the Town of Pansh-Southampton, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read again, the Second time, on Monday Alorning next.

Ordered, Tha't the Case concerning Lyndsey Level be Lyndsey heard at the Bar of this House on Thursday next. Level.

An ingrossed Bill on the Behalf of Dawes Wtymonde- Weymonde-sold Esquire, for settling certain customary Lands held *°^ds E‘uu’ of the Manor of Wimbleton, in the County of Surrey, was read.

Resolved, See.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act on the Behalf of Esquire, for settling certain customary Lands of the Manor of Wimbleton in the County of Surrey: And that Sir Adam Browne do carry it up to the Lords.

! Di»son Ordered, That Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Six Clerk* I'-isn Waller St. John, be added to the Committee appointed the Regulation of the Six Clerks Office in Chancery.

; Ljuiuwdities. y0L [X. Q Ordered,

r

62 6° — 7 MarA, 1667.

London from Ordered, That the Proviso concerning the Warden of Sheriffs. Fleet be ingrossed; and added to the ingrossed Bill

concerning the Sheriffs of London.

Foreign*1 Sir Thomas Metres reports from the Committee ap-Comaodities Pointod to consider of an additional Duty on foreign Commodities, that the Committee had made some Pro-ress therein; but had not come to any Estimate, nor nished their Report, having not had sufficient Time; but had agreed upon a Resolve in general, upon what foreign Commodities the additional Duties Should be imposed; Which Resolve was as followeth;

That all Sorts of Linen, Wines, Brandy, and Tobacco, may receive an additional Duty of the Custom-house.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter be re-committed to the former Committee to proceed, and finish their Report

Jolliffe, Mr. Pryn, Sir Geo. Dooming, Sir Lee, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Tho. Higgons, Mr. Love, Sir

Mr. Andrew Newport, Mr Talbott, Sir Sir

I Valter St. John, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Robert Carre,

I.crd St. John, Mr. King, and all the Members of this House; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That this House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Manner of his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That the Committees which were discon- Committees, tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

Supply. The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole

House, in order to the Consideration of a Motion made for the Supply of the King's Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the whole House, That it was the Opinion of the Committee to proceed in the Manner of raising a Supply for his Majesty, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds; nor to be raised by a Land Tax, or Home Excise.

Resolved, That a Supply be raised for his Majesty, not exceeding the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds; not to be raised by a Land Tax, or Home Excise.

Menage Mr. Secretary Morrice delivers a Message from his King for Majesty; which is as followeth; viz.

S"PP y* jjg Majesty hath been unwilling hitherto to inter-

rupt you in your Proceedings: But, considering the Posture in which His Neighbours now are; and that the Spring is already so far advanced; and that His Allies

Ss they have great Cause) press His Majesty to hasten is Preparations; He holds it absolutely necessary, in respect of the Safety, as well as Honour, of the Nation, that a Fleet be set out with all Speed; and that Course be taken for fortifying of His Forts, and building more Ships: And therefore He doth again earnestly recommend it to you, forthwith to provide for such a Supply, as these Occasions require: And, because you have not yet had Satisfaction, upon the Bill of Accounts, of the former Supplies, His Majesty is very willing, that this "be collected and issued for these Purposes, by such Persons only as you shall think fit Given at our Court at Whitehall, the Day of March i66^.

Supply. The House then resolved into a Committee of the

whole House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion made for a Supply for the King’s Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports, that they had made some further Progress in the Consideration and Manner of raising Money for his Majesty’s Supply, and that by the Duty of Tonage of Goods imported: And that they humbly , moved it, as the Opinion of the Committee, that the House would appoint a Committee, to consider of the raising of Money in that Manner; and that the House would resolve again into a Committee Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Manner of his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a Committee be appointed to consider of the raising of Money for his Majesty’s Supply by the Duty of Tonnage of Goods imported; and to report the same, with their Opinions, to the House; viz. Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Tho.Meeres, Sir Cha. Sir Ford, Mr. Dotcdswell, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Humfrey Winch, Mr. Jones, Sir Jona. Treluwny, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr. Spry, Sir Robert Brookes, Mr.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Lowther have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for his Healths sake. , Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hampson have the Protec- jund-, tien of this House, during his Attendance on the Com- Petition, mittee to which the Petition of John Lund is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 7* Martii, 1667.

A BILL on the Behalf of Sir Cuffs, for the Bedford Explanation of a former Act for the Draining of the Level, great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next

Sir Thomas Clergis reports' from the Committee to Th*fts an<* which the Bill to prevent Thefts and Robberies, was 0 beries* committed, Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And several of the Amendments were twice read; and, upon tire Question, agreed to.

The Clause, which, by way of Amendment, is tendered to be made Part of the Bill, being once read; but being long, and likely to take up Time in Debate;

Resolved, That the Second Reading, and Debate, of the said Clause, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Post Office be Post Office, read on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Nicho. Carey and Sir Wm. Lowther Crown be added to the Committee appointed to assist Sir Charles Lands. Harbord, in his Report concerning Lands alienated from the Crown.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Dr. JVharton be Dr. Whar-read on Monday Morning. ton’s Estate.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion made for a Supply for the King’s Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports, That the Committee had debated several Proposals; but, as yet, came to no Resolution:

And humbly moved, that the House would resolve into a Committee on Monday Morning, to take the Manner of his Majesty's Supply into Consideration; and that the Committees relating to the Supply do sit this Afternoon, to expedite their Report.

Resolved, That this House will resolve into a Committee on Monday Morning, to take the Manner of his Majesty’s Supply into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Committees relating to his Majesty’s Supply do sit this Afternoon, and expedite their Report.

Ordered,

19 Car. II.

Hearth- Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill con-mouey Tax. ceming Hearth-money is committed, have Leave to sit this Afternoon: And that all other Committees be adjourned till Monday in the Afternoon.

ftaoebousi’s Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Cause upon Petition. the Petition of John, 'Mary, and Dorothy Stonehouse, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 9° 1667-

Praters.

Mug QIR Thomas Strickland reports from the Committee Durham*fW to ^ie for constituting Knights and Bur-u‘ ‘‘m‘ gesses to serve for the County Palatine of Durham, was committed, that the Committee had carefully examined the Bill; and found no Cause to make any Alterations or Amendments thereto.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be ingrossed.

[Mouth's Ordered, That the Bill of Dame Eliz. Routh be read butt. Tomorrow Morning the First Bill.

and not by way of Excise: And that it was the Desire of the Committee, that the House would take up the Debate of the same in a full House.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Debate of this Report be taken up Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the further Hearing, upon the Petition Stonehouse’* of John, Dorothy, and Mary Stonehouse, appointed for Petition. Tomorrow, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next

Ordered, That the further Debate concerning the Ju- Jurisdiction risdiction of the House of Lords, appointed for To-mor-row, be re-assumed on Monday next

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Af- Committees, ternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow in the Afternoon, except the Committees relating to his Majesty's Supply; the Committee to whom the Bill concerning Hearth-money, is committed; and the Committee to whom the Matter concerning the Jurisdiction of the House of Lords, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

7° — 90 — 10° Martii,

<ilk Throw- A Bill for regulating the Silk Throwsters Trade was utn Trace. rea(j §econ(j time.

A Petition of the Company of Silk Throwsters was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill and the Petition be committed to Col. Birch, Sir JV Lawther, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir A Irby, Mr. Sir

Robert Atkins, Sir Jo.Brampston, Sir Knight, Sir

Walter Young, Sir Clifford Clifton, Lord V Lord

Castleton, Mr. Marvell, Sir Solomon Saule, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Jones, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Roger Mr. Buscmen, Mr Vaughan, Mr. Grey, Sir Thom.Clcrgis,

Dr. Burnell, Mr. Crouch, Sir Sir Glib.

Talbott, Sir Rich. Broome, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir JVm. Lewis, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Brampston, and all the Members that serve for the City of London: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

lave of Ordered, That Mr. Howard of Devonshire have Leave AKf"e’ to go into the Country.

Post Office. The Question being put, That the Bill concerning the

Post Office be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Post Office be read Tomorrow Morning.

I1: viltge- Information being given, that Robert Clavell, who writ

PwjutLn ^etter to Thropthe Bookseller at Chester, was an Of-4 J ‘ ficer in the Post Office; and was attending at the Door; the said Clavell was called in to the Bar of this House: Was examined, and asked some Questions, by Air. Speaker, concerning that Matter.

Scppk Ordered, That the Committees relating to his Majesty's Supply do make their Report to the Committee of the whole House.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion made for a Supply for the King.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, a Vote of the Committee formerly passed; viz. That, towards the Raising a Supply for his Majesty, an additional Duty he laid on some foreign Commodities at the Custom house; Vol. IX.

Die Martis, 10° 1667.

P R A YE R S.

TfRancisco de Lit, Son of Francisco Lopes, born at * Bordeaux, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk s Table, in order to his Naturalization; and was thereupon ordered to be added to the Bill of Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Lady Routh be Lady Routt’s read the first Bill Tomorrow Morning. E»tate.

A Bill for settling the Draining of Deepeing Fen was Deepeing read the Second time. *"

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Carr, Sir Solom. Swale, Lord Fanshaw, Lord Richardson, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Ertiley, Mr. Morice, Sir JVm. Kellegrew, Col.

Sir Jo.Brampston, Lord Castleton, Lord Angier, Sir

Ilumfry JVyncJi, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir Jo.

Sir Thom. Ingram, Sir Anth. Irby, \lr. Hatton, Mr. Ratcliff e, Sir Jo.Mainard, Lord Gorge, Sir William Beecher,

Sir John Newton, Mr. Milward, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir

Jo. Knight, Sir Clifford Clif ton, Sir Northcote, Lord Fitzwilliams, Sir John Napper, Mr. Sir Phill.

Musgrave, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir JVm. Lowther, Mr. Godolphin, Col. Birch,

Sir ./o. Young, Col. Sandys, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Lincolne and Northampton: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to hear Proposals on Behalf of the Country: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill on the Behalf of Air. Rooke Booke* be read Tomorrow Morning. Estate.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill concerning Mr. S. Perkins be read Tomorrow Aloming.

Ordered, That the Bill for uniting Parishes in Southampton be read Tomorrow Aloming.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill concerning Mr. Beckham be read on Thursday Morning.

A Bill for Relief of the Wives and Children of Persons dying intestate being tendered, and accepted, by Leave of the House;

Ordered,

Dr. Wharton’s Estate.

Southampton

Parishes.

Beckham’s

Estate-

Intestates Wives and Children.

Privilege.

Thefts and

Robberies.

Post Ofiee.

Supply.

Lyndsey

Level.

Storehouse's

Petition.

Committees.

64

IO

11

Ordered, That this Bill, for Relief of the Wives and Children of Persons dying intestate, be read, Tomorrow Morning.

Information being given of a Breach of Privilege, committed by John Danson and Robert Alsop, against Colonel

Kirkby,a Member of this House, in taking his Horses and other Goods in Execution;

Ordered, That John Danson and Robert Alsop be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to answer their Breach of Privilege, in causing the Horses and Goods of Colonel Kirkby, a Member of this House, to be taken in Execution.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Amendments to the Bill to prevent Thefts and Robberies.

The Clause tendered to be added to the Bill was read the Second time.

The First Paragraph of the Clause, touching Eighty Days for apprehending Thieves, was read.

The Question being put, To agree to this Paragraph;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Lane. Lake, j

Sir Thom. Allen,

Sir Jo. Ernley, 1

Mr. Hcrbord, J

For the Yeas, 36. For the Noes, 7

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Second Paragraph, touching Robberies between Sun-rising and Sun-setting, being read;

The Question being put, To agree to this Paragraph; It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of the Amendments to the Bill against Thefts and Robberies be ad-joumed till Thursday Morning.

0 Martiu . 1667.

Die Mercurii, 11’ Martii, 1667-PRAYKRS.

A PETITION of JVm. Carr was tendered to the Carrs House. Petition.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter, upon the former Petition of the said JVm. Carr, preferred to this House, and referred to the Committee of Grievances, be now committed to Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Geo. Sir JVm.

Coventry, Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Collins, Sir Richard Oately, Mr. Aforris, Col. Sandys, Lord Sir Jo.

Knight, Sir Geo. Probert, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Solom.

Swale, Sir Trevor Williams, Col. Kirkby, Lord Angler,

Mr. Marvell, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir JVm. Lout her, Mr. Chetwin, Mr. Air. Sir Jo. Rouse, Mr. Pleydall, Sir JCotton, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Hobby, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. Scudamore,

Sir John Talbott, Sir Thom Dolman, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir

Robert Carr, Sir FoulkeLucy, Major General Egerton,

Mr. Crouch, Sir JVm. Lewis, Mr. Grey, Sir Gausre,

Col. Vhit ley: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to , examine the Matter; and report it, with then- Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Philip Nicholas the elder, Andrew AT Privilege. cholas, his Son, Edward Nicholas the elder, Edw. Nicholas,

the younger, Phillip Nicholas the younger, and JVm. Nicholas, Sons of Philip the elder, and John Gwin be

sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, to answer their Abuse, and Preach of Privilege, in surreptitious obtaining of Judgments; and entering by Force, and turning the Tenants of Sir George Probert, a Member of this House, out of the Possession of certain Lands, which they held of Sir George Probert.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Post Office be read on Satui'day Morning.

The House then resumed the Debate touching his Majesty’s Supply.

And the Vote of the Committee of the whole House, touching an Imposition upon foreign Commodities, was read and debated; the Question in Debate being, That the Committee of the whole House for his Majesty’s Supply be free to consider of a Way to raise Monies upon Wines;

And the Question being put, That the Words " but , not by Excise," be added to that Question;

It passed in the Negative:

And the main Question being put; it was

Resolved, That the Committee of the whole House, for his Majesty’s Supply, be free to consider of a Way to raise Monies upon Wines.

Resolved, &c. That this House will proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply on Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify the late Sheriffs of Eecapesfrom London, and the Warden of the Fleet, touching Escapes, Lcmdon and other Matters, occasioned by the late Fire, was read.

Ordered, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to indemnify the late Sheriff) of London, and the Warden of the Fleet, touching Escapes, and other Matters, occasioned by the late Eire.

And Mr. Vaughan is to carry the Bill to the Lords; and Exchequer

the Bill concerning Writs of Error in the Exchequer. writs of

Error.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Jane and Henry Perkins to Dr. Whar-ensure Lands purchased by Thomas Doctor in toil’s Estate.

Physick, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read.

Resolved,&c. That the Bill do pass: And the Title shall be, An Act to enable Jane and Henry Perkins to ensure Lands, purchased by Thomas JVharton Doctor in Physick, in the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Holt be excused from his Defaulter to Fine of Forty Pounds imposed on him for not attending Call 01 ‘he at the Call of the House. House.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning Lyndsey Level Fen, appointed for Thursday next, be heard on the first Tuesday after Easter Week.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Cause upon the Petition of John, Mary, and Dorothy Stone-house, appointed for Saturday next, be adjourned till Wednesday after Easter Week.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, that were to sit this Afternoon, except the Committees relating to his Majesty’s Supply; the Committee to whom the Bill concerning Hearth Money is committed; the Committee to whom the Jurisdiction of the House of Lords is referred; and the Committee to which the Bill concerning Deane Forest is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Lands of Lawrence Hooke'* Rooke, Esquire, for Payment of Debts, and making Pro- ^staLc-vision for younger Children, w as read.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read the Second time;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Air, Thurland,

Air. Head,

Sir Courtney Poole,

Air. JVeld,

And so it passed in the

1

For the Yeas, 44. For the Noes, 66.

egative.

A Bill for uniting Parishes, and raising Maintenance Southampton for Ministers to supply the Cure within the Town of I’ariihe*. Southampton, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir chard Ford, Sir Phil/. Alusgrave, Mr. Scudamore, Sir John 18 ' Birkenhead,

ip Car. II. ii° — ii65

Birkenhead, Mr. Neale, Sir Jo. Northcote, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Nico. Slatting, Sir John Norton, Sir John Eantley, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Win. Lowther, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Robert Worsley, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Hatton, Sir Solom. Swale, Lord Fan Sir Richard Oateley,

Mr. Buscawen, Sir Phillip Warwick, Mr. Lucy, Sir jo.

Buncombe, Mr. Hobby, Dr. Burwell, Mr. Morrice, Col. Kirkby, Col. Legg, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Thom. Allot, Mr. Bold, Mr. Gold, Sir Napper, and all the Members that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to summon all Persons concerned; and to hear what can be offered on the Behalf of the Town of Southampton: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Intestates A Bill for the Relief of the Wives and Children of Per-Tives sod sons dying intestate, wras read the First Time.

Ckildrea. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Defaulter to Ordered, That Sir Francis Anderson be excused of the Call of the fine of Forty Pound imposed on him for not attending at the Call of the House.

Robinirm’s A Petition of James Robinson was tendered, and deli-ftiuion. vere(j at Table.

TW King'* The House then, according to their former Order, re-sprh sumed the Consideration of the latter Part of his Majesty's

"""k1- Speech: Which being debated;

Resolved, That the House be called over on Monday next come Three Weeks; and that the further Debate of the latter Part of his Majesty’s Speech be assumed on the Wednesday following, being this Day Month.

Pwkiauoii Resolved, &c. That Col. Sandys. Sir Thomas Meres, and !f"l. Sir John Birkenhead, or any Two of them, do attend the c’ Lord Keeper, and desire his Lordship to give Direction, that his Majesty’s Proclamation, for putting the Laws in Execution against Papists and Nonconformists, be sent to this House; to the End the same may be delivered to the several Knights of the Shire; who are to take care for the speedy sending down and dispersing the same in the several Counties, Cities, and Boroughs of this Kingdom.

ComsitteM* Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committees relating to his Majesty’s Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Hie Jovis, 12* Martii, 1667.

Praters.

Walter to f\RDE RED, That Sir Joseph Tredenham be excused

W of the D of his Fjne of porty Pound for his not attending at Ht""- the Call of the House.

leave of Ordered, That Sir Francis Wertman have the Leave of Aisence. House to go into the Country.

Mwamages Ordered, That the Committee appointed to enquire «uk War. jnt0 t[ie Miscarriages of the late War be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

%1 fining Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill con-t(Jttws' cerning Jurors was committed, be revived; and sit this Vo I. IX.

Afternoon. And that Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Weld, Dr.

Burwell, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Steward, be added to the Committee.

A Bill for Regulation of the Six Clerks Office in Six Clerks Chancery, was read. ‘ Office.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second Time on Saturday next, after Ten of the Clock.

A Bill on the Behalf of Sir John Cutts, and others, for Bedford Explanation and putting in Execution a former Act for Level* settling the draining the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, w as read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Hum-fry Wynch, Col. Sattdys, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Crouch,

Mr. Hatton, Mr. Weld, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Nico. Slan-ing, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Pryn,

Mr. Morice, Mr. Seymour, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Thom.

Gower, Sir Richard Oateley, Sir James Smith, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gold, Mr. Weld, Sir Thom. Allot, Mr. Pepis, Sir Ernley, Sir Nico. Cary, Col. Birch, Sir Jo. Denham, Sir Wm. Lmvtlier, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Holland, Sir Edm.

Bowyer, Mr. Steward, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Cull ford,

Lord Gorge, Lord Fitzu'illiams, Mr. Hungerford, Mr.

Vaughan, Sir Wm. Doyley, and all the Members of the Six Counties into w'hich the Level of the Fens does extend, which are not concerned in point of Interest:

And they are to meet in the Exchequer Chamber, on Friday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir John Holland have the Leave of Leave of this House to go into the Country. Ab*e*ce.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter Supply, touching the King's Supply by Wine and Brandy.

Resolved, &c. That a Hundred thousand Pounds, at the least, be raised upon Wine and Brandy, towards his Majesty's Supply.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Manner of raising this Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Air. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply, and came to this Resolution;

That Commissioners shall be appointed to assess Retailers of Wine and Brandy, for the raising a Hundred thousand Pound, at least, towards his Majesty’s Supply; and that the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that Commissioners be appointed to assess Retailers of Wine and Brandy, for the raising a Hundred thousand Pound towards his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Caron'* Committee to which Mrs. Carons Petition is committed; Petition.

viz. Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Adam Browne, Sir. Hen.

Puckering, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Thomas, Sir Nicho.

Cary, Sir Wm.Fleetwood, Sir Clement Fisher, Mr. Evelin,

Air. Dowdeswell.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter concerning Miscarriage* Aliscarriages in the late War, appointed for Tomorrow, of the War. be adjourned till Saturday.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

R

Leate of Absence.

Bedford

Level*

Privilege

Heble-thwaite s Estate.

Monies- dee to the Crown.

Suppressing

CoQTentides.

Supply.

13* — 14* Martii. A. 1

Die Veneris, 13* Martii, 1667.

Prayers.

/I RDERED, That Sir George Reoe have Leave to

go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore have Leave to go into the Country.

Amendments sent down frown the Lords, to the ingrossed Bill for assessing the Taxes of Level, were

read the Third time; and agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments inserted, and agreed to, be returned to the Lords.

Serjeant Charlton reports frown the Committee the Matter to them referred touching the Breach of Privilege objected against Thomas Styles by Sir Henry Felton; And that, upon Examination of the whole Matter, the Committee were of an Opinion, there was a Breach of Privilege by the said Styles.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there was a Breach of Privilege committed by Thomas Styles.

Ordered, That Thomas Styles be discharged, paying his Fees.

Sir Thomas Gower reports from the Committee to which the Bill for enabling Sir Thomas to

dispose of Lands to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children; that the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and heard the Persons concerned; and found no Cause to make any Alteration therein. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill, being tendered and accepted, for the better answering of Monies due to the Crown, was read.

Ordered, That the Bill for better answering Monies due to the Crown be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, See. That an additional Duty of Six-pence per Quart be laid on Spanish Wines.

Resolved, See. That all other WineB do pay an additional Duty of Six-pence per Quart

Resolved, Sec. That Twelve-pence a Quart be charged on Brandy.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth also agree with the Committee, that a Committee be appointed to consider in what Time One hundred thousand Pounds, at least, may be raised, according to the Rates aforesaid, upon Wine and Brandy; and to report the same to the House: And do accordingly refer it to the Committee formerly appointed to bring in the Estimates of an additional Duty to be laid on Foreign Commodities.

Resolved, Sec. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply, Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Sec. That the Debate concerning Miscar- Miscarriage* riages be adjourned till Monday Morning. of the War.

Ordered, That Mr. Seymour, having urgent Occasions, Leave of have Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Die Sabbati, 14* Martii, 1667 - Prayers.

jSabella Beocey, W'ife of James Beovey, the Daughter of William de Vischer, born at Amsterdam, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Gawdy have the Leave of this Leave of House to go into the Country. Absence.

The Question being propounded, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for Continuance of the former Act against Conventicles;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

It was Resolved, in the Affirmative:

The main Question being put, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for Continuance of the former Act against Conventicles;

It was Resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Vaughan, and Mr. Milward, to take care to prepare and bring in a Bill for Continuance of the Act against Conventicles.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Manner of raising this Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that the Committee had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply, and came to these Resolutions:

That an additional Duty of Four-pence per Quart be laid on French Wine.

That an additional Duty of Six-pence per Quart be laid on Spanish Wines.

That all other Wines do pay an additional Duty of Six-pence per Quart.

That Twelve-pence per Quart be charged on Brandy:

And that the House will appoint a Committee to consider, in what Time One hundred thousand Pounds, at least, will be raised according to these Rates; and to report the same to the House.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that an additional Duty of Four-pence per Quart be laid on French Wine. it>

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee to which the Hearth-Matter concerning Toby Humfrys, and others employed money under him in collecting the Duty of Hearth Money, was c°hector*. committed, to examine the Business and Misdemeanour objected against him; that they had examined the Matter, and found the Abuse: And that Mr. and the rest had acknowledged their Miscarriage, and did submit themselves to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from Sir Robert Brookes, concerning Miscarriages, be heard on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Tobias Humfrys, Richard Pritchard,

Wm. Moody, Thomas Driver, and Wm. Robinson, being the Four Persons employed by Mr. Humfrys, upon their Submission, and acknowledging their Offence at the Bar; be discharged of their Commitment.

Ordered, That Tobias Humfrys, upon his Submission, and acknowledging his Offence at the Bar, be discharged of his Commitment.

Ordered, That it be recommended to Sir Wm. Franck-lyn, Baronet, and John Gibson Esquire, Two Justices of Peace in the Country, to inquire into the Abuse committed by Mr. Humfrys and the rest; and to cause Satisfaction to be made to the Constables, and other Persons injured and damnified.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to enquire how the Matter stands as to the Account of the said Humfrys, and Monies by him received for his Majesty; and, when Satisfaction is given in that, to give order, as far as it is in their Power, to discharge him of his Employment.

A Debate being, concerning Inconveniencies by Farming the Duty of Hearth Money;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee to which the additional Bill concerning Hearth Money is committed; to consider of the Debate, and report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House.

Ordered,

IptjAR. II.

14° — 16° Mar tit.

67

Lem of Abt>ence.

Ordered, That Sir George Stonehouse have the Leave of this House to g 0into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

Privilege — Tobias Humfrys, and the rest, being called in; and ?,ri0nS d d su*)m'tt*ng themselves, on their Knees, at the Bar of the uddiT6 House > having received a Represension from Mr. charged. Spealcer, who acquainted them what the House had directed, and they were discharged, paying Fees.

Irish Land A Petition, in the Name of the Adventurers for Lands Adtiatiinn. the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House:

And those who did subscribe the Petition; viz. IVm. Ridges, Edw. Smith, Nathaniel! Eliah

Palmer, Thomas Lenthall, Richard Clottlebroke, Sam. Emm, Thomas Gower, Hugh Robert

rnn, being called in, and owning the Petition;

The Question beingput. That the Petition be now read; It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition of the Irish Adventurers be read on Monday Morning.

re of

;oce.

v

cion.

%'/ Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee ap-

?minted to consider in what Time a Hundred thousand ound, at least, may be raised, according to the Rate of Four-pence per Quart on French Wine, Six-pence per Quart on Spanish Wine, and Six-pence per Quart on all other Wines, and Twelve-pence a Quart on Brandy, a Report agreed by the Committee: Which he opened; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report delivered in by Sir Thomas Meres be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House.

Cmmusion- The Commissioners appointed, by Act of Parliament, «»Uc. fQr tjjing the Account of publick Monies, attending, and being called in; and received in the Two Seats by the Bar of this House; the Serjeant there attending with his Mace, but the Bar not put down; Sir Wm. Turner declared, that, according to the Desire of this House, expressed in an Order of the Second of March last, the Commissioners had drawn up an Account and Narrative of their Proceedings, and the State of the Matter, as it now stood before them: Which, being delivered in to the Clerk, and the Commissioners withdrawn, was read.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to the Commissioners; and that Mr. Speaker do acquaint them, that the House doth very well approve their Proceedings; and desire they would continue their Progress therein.

The Commissioners being again called in, Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, that the House was very sensible of the great Pains they had taken; and commanded him to return them their Thanks: And that the House had considered of, and did very w ell approve, the Method of their Proceedings; and desired they would continue their Pro-

Sess therein; and they Should have any Assistance the ouse could give them.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion made for a Supply of the King's Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in Consideration of his Majesty's Supply; and came to this Resolution; viz.

That the additional Duty to be laid upon Wine and Brandy shall be continued for the Space of Eighteen Months, unless the Sum of a Hundred thousand Pound, with Interest, for advancing the same, shall be sooner raised.

Resolved, Sic. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that the additional Duty to be laid upon Wine and Brandy shall be continued for the Space of Eighteen Months, unless the Sum of a Hundred thou-Vol. IX.

sand Pound, with Interest for advancing thereof, shall be sooner raised.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Solicitor do prepare and bring in a Bill upon the Votes passed this House, in order to his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Monday Morning next, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Edm. Pooley, Leave of and Sir Thomas Crew, have Leave to go into the Country, Ab»enc*. for their Healths sake.

a

Ordered, That Mr. Spry have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon be adjourned till Monday, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 16* Martii, 1667.

Prayers.

ABILL on the Behalf of Dame Elizabeth Rowth, LadyHowtV. for Sale of Lands to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Lord Angler, Sir Thom. Dolman, Mr. Weld, Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Ford, Sir Thom. Dyke, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Edm.Windham, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Sir

Thom. Strickland, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Edm. Poole, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir John Knight, Sir James Thyn, Sir Henry

Felton, Mr. Musgrave, Dr. Burwell, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Surry and Sussex: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to examine the Value of the Estate intended to be sold or disposed of, and what the Debts are; And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Thomas Heblethwaite Hereto sell or dispose of Lands to pay Debts, and make Pro- tiiwaite’* vision for younger Children, was read. Eftut*.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And the Title shall be, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Heblethwaite to sell or dispose of Lands to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children: and Sir Thomas Gower is to carry the Bill to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for enabling Stanley’* Trustees to make Leases for Payment of Debts, and pro- Estate, viding for the Children of Sir Charles Stanley, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Writings in the Hands of the Writing* in Countess of Lincolne, concerning the Estate of the late H*Ilds‘rf

Earl of Lincolne, be delivered into the Hands of the Lincolne.0 Lord Hollis, before the Second Reading of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the House be adjourned on Wed- Adjoum-nesday next, until Thursday next come Sevennight. ment.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Golding’* the Committee to which the Bill concerning Mr. Golding EsUte" was committed; viz. Sir John Rouse, Col. Kirkby.

The Petition on the Behalf of the Adventurers for Irish Land Lands in Ireland was read. Adventurer*.

The Question being propounded, that the Debate of this Petition be adjourned till this Day Fortnight;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

The

Supply.

Carr's

Petition.

Repairing

Highways.

Bedford

Level.

Electing Members ft Durham.

Monies due to the Crown-

Encouraging

Navigation.

Supply.

16° — 17® — 18° Martii 7.

for the Yeas, 96. for the Noes, 124.

The House was divided:

The Noes went out.

'fellers,

Lord Angier, 1

Sir Edrr. Massey,

Sir Charles IVheeler, 1

Mr. Edw. Seymour, j

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the Matter of the Petition on the Behalf of the Adventurers for Lands in Ireland be heard at the Bar of this House on this Day Month; no Disturbance being thereby intended to the present Possession of any Adventurers, or Soldiers, or the Forty-nine Officers, in the Lands wherein they are confirmed, or for which they have taken out Letters Patents, or are in their Possession as Adventurers, or Soldiers, or Forty-nine Officers; or any other Persons claiming under any such Adventurers, Soldiers, or Forty-nine Officers; nor to disturb his Royal Highness in any Lands whereof he is now possessed.

Resolved, See. That the Matter concerning his Majesty’s Supply be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That all that come shall have Voices at the Committee to which Mr. Carr's Petition is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Francklyn and Sir John Covet be added to the Committee for Highways.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to w'hich Sir John Cults' Bill is committed; viz.Sir Francis Lccwley, Sir Richard Everard, Sir John Whitmore.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for enabling the County r Palatine of Durham to send Members to serve in Parliament, be read Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That the Petitioners of the Adventurers for Lands in Ireland, or any assigned by them, have Liberty to have Recourse, from time to time, to the Books and Papers concerning the said Adventurers, in the Hands of Joseph Williamson Esquire, or any of the Clerks of his Majesty's Council, for Perusal of them; and to take out such Copies from them as they think fit, attested under the Hand of the said Mr. Williamson, or one of the said Clerks of his Majesty’s Council: And also to penlse and take out Copies from the Records of the Court of Claims in Ireland, or any other Court of Record in Ireland.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports that the said Committee, in the further Debate of his Majesty’s Supply, came to this Resolution; viz.

That an additional Duty be laid on Wine at the Custom-house, towards his Majesty’s Supply.

The Question beingput, To agree with the Committee; The House was divided:

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Sir Jo. Frederick,

Sir Jo. Knight,

Sir Robert Cam',

Mr. Musgrave,

And so it was Resolved in the Affirmative; That an additional Duty be laid on Wine, at the Custom . towards his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, That the present Debate concerning his Majesty’s Supply be adjourned till Tommorrow' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

j- for the Noes, 57-j> for the Yeas, 68.

Irish Land Adventurer*.

Supply.

JlV-

Ir

IW-.

Die Mart is, 17* Martii, 1667.

Prayers.

ABIL L for the better answering of Money due to Crown was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning, when the House is full.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter touching Shipping and Navigation was, amongst other Matters, referred, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon; And that all the Merchant Members of this House be added to the Committee: And all that shall come are to have Voices.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the said Chair.

Mr. Steward reports from the said Committee, that

the Committee had proceeded in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and, being in a serious Debate, humbly moved from the said Committee, that the House would adjourn for an Hour; and then resolve again into a Committee, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, See.That the House shall be adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and then resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Matter of his Majesty’s Supply.

Then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon accordingly.

Ordered, That these Persons following be summoned Linsry,

to attend, and give Evidence, on the First Tuesday after Level. f-.j Easter Week, being the Thirty-first Day of March 1668, u

upon a Bill for settling the Draining of Linsey Level; to :M

be then heard at the Bar of this House; viz. # ... :t

Mercurii, 18* Die Martii, 1667.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for Sale of some Lands, to pay the

Debts, and make Provision for the younger Chil- s dren of John Beckham Esquire, deceased, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Sale of some Lands, to pay the Debts, and make Provision for the younger Children of John Beckham Esquire, deceased:

And Mr. Steward is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir MoundefordBramp-ston and Sir John Coell;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have returned you back the Foreign additional Bill against Importation of foreign Cattle; with Cattle, some Amendments and Provisoes; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have also commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed to the Kwhequer Bill concerning Writs of Error in the Exchequer.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Justinian and Message of

Sir Moundeford Brampston; Lords — A d-

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- j°"n«nent. quaint you, that they have adjourned their ldouse till Thursday Sevennight.

The Blouse then resumed the Debate of the Matter Supplj. touching his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved,

-’Bl

6C

Mi

h

-la

1

H

'>1

hi

% in

*4

iq II. i8-~20 — «Z7° 69

Resolved, &c. That a Poll Bill be brought in, towards the Supply of his Majesty.; wherein no noteholders, which are not worth-Twerity Pounds, shall betaxedfor themselves, or their Qhjldren.

Resolved, &c. That so mych Of the remaining Two hundred thousand Pounds, which shall not be raised by the Poll Bill, or otherwise given this Session of Parliament, shall be supplied by an Imposition on Wines at the Custom-house.

In* Lud Ordered, That these Persons undtemamed be summoned

Adratotre. to attend on Monday the Thirteenth of next, to give their Testimony as Witnesses, in a Cause then to be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the Petition of the Adventurers for Lands in Ireland; Robert Esquire,

John JViaver, Perian Poole, Nathaniel!, Henry

Nicholls Esquire, Wm. Han Esquire, Robert Thornhill, John Ruthome, Miles Cooke Esquire.

contrary to the said Act: And it is referred tp Mr.

Sir Robert Carr, Sir Sir James Thyn, Sir Walter Young, Mr. M&rice, Mr. MHl-ward, Sir John Rouse, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. King, Sir Hen.

Veherton, Sir Thomas Meres, atidaH the Members that, servefor foe-several Counties of Northfolke, Xin-

colne, and Yorkesheere; or any Five of them: and they are to meet Tomorrow at Two sjf the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber: And to eurumoo and hear such Persons as they shall find necessary: Andfosend for Persons, Papers, and Records: and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House,

Sir Allen Brodriek delivers in a Paper, concerning the Affaire of Aifeirs of Ireland. Ireland-

Ordered, That Sir Winston ChurchillonA Six Alien drick have the Leave of this House to go for Ireland, to attend their Charge there.

ItmM

limn.

Ordered, That Mr. Buckland have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

Ordered, That the Report of the Chimney Bill be dearth-heard Tomorrow Morning. money Tax

Ordered, that Sir Joseph Tredenham have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the House be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee for Miscarriages Miscarriage* be revived; and do inquire particularly into any Mb- of the War* carriage in which the Officers of the Fleet may be concerned; and whether Sir John Hat-ma be returned; and if not, the Reason why he b not: And that the Committee do sit this Afternoon.

in’*

1

Die Jovis, 26° Martii, 1668.

Prayers.

: /ORDERED, That the Bill concerning Church

wses. v Leases, which was now tendered and received, be read Tomorrow Morning.

treWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do bsue hb Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing a new Member to serve for the Town oiLyn in the stead of Sir Edward Wallpoole, deceased.

Ordered, That the Matter of Breach of Privilege complained, on the Behalf of Sir Jonathan Trelawny, a Member of this House, to be committed by Simon Martin and Others, in driving and impounding the Cattle of the said Sir Jonathan, be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine the Matter, and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Electing I Members for Durham.

t

An ingros9ed Bill to enable the County Palatine of Durham to send two Knights to serve for the County, and Two Citizens to serve for the City of Durham, in Parliament, was read.

A Proviso concerning the Manor of Creet, in the said County, was read Three times; and some Amendments agreed at the Table.

Resolved, That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

OSZST’ }*

fcaSSft"*}

And so it passed in the Negative.

The House then resolved into a Committee of tine Supply-whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of bill, hb Majesty’s Supply by a Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Matter concerning his Majesty’s Supply; and, in order to the Poll Bill, they came to this Resolution; viz.

That Titles in this Poll Bill be taxed at a Moiety of what they were charged in the last Poll Bill, as to all Persons of the Laity.

That Children under the Age of Sixteen Years shall not be liable to be charged by this Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that Titles in this Poll Bill be taxed at a Moiety at what they were charged in the last Poll Bill, as to all Persons of the Laity.

Resolved, &c. That foe Consideration of foe latter Part of the Report be postponed till the rest of the Heads for the Bill be resolved upon.

Ordered, That Sir FrctchvileHollis have the Leave lj*avf nf of fob House to go into foe Country for a Week. Absence.

Ordered, That the Committee concerning Dover Pier Dover Pier, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris-, 27° Martii, 16G8-Prayers.

£\R DE R E D, that the Report concerning the Bill for Yarmouth v Yarmouth Pier be heard on Thursday, next come pltr-

i* tempt A Bill of the Behalf of L>r. Peter Qhpmberlcdne, tp hp-01 Ksnjaaw. prove the Art of Navigation, was read the First, time.

Ordered, That this Rill be read, the Second. Time of .,<(' Saturday Morning next.

.y

IV. i '

Act concernz’ Resotoed, &c. That a Committee be appointed to pen isgfiutter. ruse the Act concerning the Packing and Trying of Butter; and see if the Act be defective, and wherein: And whether there have been apy Exactions and Abuses committed,

VolIX.

Sevennight.

Information being given of a Breach of Privilege eom- Privilege, mitted by one Mr. James Ash, in causing the Servants and Workmen of Colonel Wancklty. a Member q£ this House, to be arrested, upon a pretended Attachment issued out of Chancery, and detained in Prison; for a supposed Breach of an Injunction to stay Wastes; -and refusing to take Bail for-their Appearance;

Resolved, &c. That Mr. James Ash be sent for, hr &; Custody

t

7°

a 7° — 28° Martii.

A. 16

Service of Process.

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; to answer the Breach concerning Level, appointed for Tuesday next,

of Privilege objected against him. be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Leave be given for the bringing in of a Ordered, That the Lord St. John have Leave to go Leave of Bill for the more easy and better Service of Process. into the Country for a Week. Absence.

Persons in Ordered, That Simon Martin, John Hallelt, John Nettle, Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee*.

Custody to be Henry Stipin, and George Taprcll, now in Custody of the Afternoon be adjourned,

isc arge . gerjeant at Arms, be discharged, paying their Fees.

Intestates M ives and Children.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.'

Sabbati, 28* Die Martii, 1668.

Prayers.

HearA-money Tax,

A Bill for Relief of the Wives and Children of Persons dying intestate, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bus-

cawcn. Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Carr, Sir -

Job Charlton, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Jo.Birkenhead, Sir Jo.

Mainard, Sir Thom. Meres, Mr. Morice, Mr. Jo.Vaiighan,

Dr. Buruell, Mr. Nico. Morice, Sir fVm. Coventry, Mr.

fiestphaling, Sir Anth.Irby, S\rCharles Wheler, S\rCharles

Harbord, Mr. Chetwin, Lord Fanshcm, Lord Atigier, Sir (J R That Ralph Smith the elder, and Adam privilege.

James Thyn, Sir Jo. Coventry, Mr. Seymour, Sir Jo.Ben- genial Servants of Co onel Ha

nett, Mr. Pryn, Sir Walter St. John, Mr. Crooke, Sir Wm. Member of this House, being arrested, and detained in

Hickman, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Steward, Mr. MiU-ward, Prlson’T" breach of Privilege, be forthwith released, and Sir John Northcote, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Clifford Clif ton, set at Liberty.

Sir Hen. Herbert, Mr. Lucy, Col. Birch, Sir Jo. Knight, , . .

Sir Phill. Wanvick, Sir Niche. Cary, and all the Members , Complaint being made against Sir Col- Complaint

- - - - ..... — lector of the Customs in Chester, for misbehaving him- agamsi hir

self in that Employment; and in taking and exacting Rates and Duties contrary to the Law; to the Grievance of the Subject;

Ordered, That Sir Peter Pindar do, upon Summons from Mr. Speaker, attend this House, to give an Ac- Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee to whom the count concerning the Matters of Misdemeanors objected Bill for reforming Abuses in Collecting the Duty of against him: Which the House will put into a Way of Hearth-money, was committed, several Additions and Examination.

Amendments agreed to by the Committee to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which,

of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Peter Pindar.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do sit on Monday next; and to proceed in the further Examina-

being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally tien of the Grievance complained of by the Light-house

Milford ]laven Light-house.

agreed unto.

The Question being put, That the Bill, upon the Debate, be re-committed;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out Tellers,

j for the Yeas, 26.

astr* }for theN°es-42-

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

at Milford Haven.

A Bill being tendered, by Sir George from Encoumging

the Committee appointed for that Purpose, for encou- Tillage, &c. raging Tillage, Navigation, and the Breed of Cattle, in this Kingdom; which was read the First time;

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time on.

Monday next.

Lyndsey

Level.

Mr. Solicitor, in pursuance of the Direction of the Supply Bill; House, did tender and deliver in a Bill for raising One Wine Duties, hundred thousand Pounds at least, upon Wines and ljran- ^c‘ dies, towards his Majesty’s Supply.

The Bill for raising One hundred thousand Pounds at The Question being propounded, That the Day for least, upon Wines and Brandies, towards his Majesty’s hearing of the Matter concerning Lyndsey Level be put Supply, was read.

olf till after the Call of the House; Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on And the Question being put, That that Question be put; Tuesday next.

The House was divided. The Yeas went forth. Tellers,

Sir Thom. Allen,

Mr. Progers,

Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Thom. Meres,

Lindsey.

Level.

J for the Yeas , 25. j- for the Noes, 25-

The Number being equal, the Speaker declares w'ith the Yeas.

Resolved, &c. That the Hearing of the Cause concerning Lindsey Level be on Tuesday S^vennight next.

Ordered, That all Committees which were discon- Committee*, tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Juror*.

And the main Question being put, That the Day for Continuance and Enlargement of the Act for able and hearing of the Matter concerning Lindsey Level be put sufficient J urors.

off till after the Call of the House;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out Tellers,

Sir Robert Carr,

Mr- Marvell,

Sir Thom. Strickland,

Sir Edw. Massey,

The Number being equal, the Speaker declares with the Yeas.

And so it was Resolved, That the Hearing of the Matter

| for the Yeas, 25. j> for the Noes, 35.

Ordered, That the Committee to consider what Bills Expiring fit to be continued, and what not, be revived; and do aws' sit this Afternoon; and expedite their Report.

Ordered, That no new Motion be made in the House New after Twelve of the Clock. ' Motion*.

Ordered, That Sir Nico.Carew, Sir Thomas Lee^ Sir Restraint* Phill. Musgrave, Sir Clifford Clif ton, Sir Jo. on un

Mr. Morice, Six Walter Young, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr.

and

i:

19 Car. II. 71;

and all of the Long Robe; and all that serve for Devon, Cornewall, Yorke, and Dorset; be added to the Committee to which the Bill touching Restraints on Juries, was committed.

Ordered, That the Bill, returned from the Lords, against ta* Irish Cattle, importing Irish Cattle, be read on Monday Morning.

Bret’s Nat Ordered, That Barbara the Wife of Sir Edward Bret be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 30° Mar, 1668.

Prayers.

THE Lady Barbara Bret, the Wife of Sir Edward Bret, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to her Naturalization.

Sippressing A Bill for Continuance of a former Act, to prevent and Conventicles, suppress seditious Conventicles, was read the First time.

1,1 Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second time

Tomorrow Morning after Ten of the Clock.

\ Lyndsey Ordered, That such Papers and Records in any Courts

or Offices, which concern Lyndsey Level, as shall be necessary, be brought in and produced, to be made use of, at the Hearing of that Cause, on either Side, as there shall be Occasion, on Tuesday Sevennight: And such Offices and Persons as are concerned, are to take notice hereof, and cause the same to be brought in accordingly.

JiiticMof Ordered, That the Knights of the several Shires do

io». l’«Mt attend the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England;

and desire his Lordship, that he would inspect the Roll of the Justices of Peace: And that such Persons as shall be j ( found unfit for that Trust, or do refuse or neglect to put

ii. 1 the Law s in Execution, be left out of Commission.

h-writu The Clauses and Amendments, sent from the Lords, 5 to the additional Bill against importing foreign Cattle, i«ue. were read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, That Sir Robert Carr do carry up the Bill, with the Clauses agreed to, back to the Lords: And do put the Lords in Mind of the Bill concerning poor Prisoners; and the Bill touching Writs of Certiorari: And desire their Lordships to take these Bills into their Consideration.

Preventing Sir Charles Harbordreports from the Committee ap-Lvporuf pointed, by the Order of the Fourth of November, and w the Seventeenth of February, to consider of the Clothiers Petition, and the Matter touching the Exportation of Wool, and report their Opinions; that the Committee had agreed a Resolve to be presented to the House: Which he read; and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being again read, is as followeth:

That the House be moved to give Order for a Bill to be brought in, to repeal so much of the Act of 140 Car. as maketh the Transportation of Wools to be Felony; and to provide, that no Wool may be laid up or kept in a House or Bam, &;c. within Miles of the Sea, in Rumney Marsh, or the Parts adjacent, extending from thence Eastwards unto Dover, and South-westwards unto Rye; being about Thirty Miles in Length, of the Sea Coast; with such other Clauses and Provisions, as may be needful to prevent the Exportation thereof.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee; and that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid: And the Committee are impowered to consider of a Way to prevent Exportation of wool from Ireland into foreign Parts; and report it, with

their Opinions therein, to the House: And all the Members. of the Long Kobe are added to the Committee, . Voi. IX.

A Bill to encourage Tillage, the Breed of Horses and Enrouraping Cattle, and Navigation, was read the Second time. liua^c, &c.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to the Committee from whom the Bill was brought in: And that these Persons following be added to the Committee; Sir Robert Carr, Sir 1Falter Young, Sir Downing, Sir

JVm. Hickman, Mr. Fowell, Sir Thom. Strickland, Sir Wm.

Coventry, Lord Richardson, Sir Wm. WMr. Tuf-ton, Lord Fitzwilliams, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir Knight,

Sir Hen. Newton, Sir Theo. Biddo/ph, Sir Littleton,

Mr. Love, Sir Thom. Clifford, Mr. Barnaby, Sir John

Fitzjamcs, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Hugh Bet hell, Mr.

Sir Jo. Hotham, Mr. Alorice, Sir Jo.Birkenhead, Sir Dawney, Mr. King:And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Aiternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Secretary Moriee delivers a Message from his King Majesty, that it was his Majesty’s Pleasure and Com- appoints to mand, that Mr. Speaker, with the House, do attend his be attend*d> Majesty at Three of the Clock, at the Banqueting-house at Whitehall, this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do sit Committee of

r/- 11 Grievances.

on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill concerning Hearth- Hearth-

money, be read Tomorrow at Ten of the Clock. money Tax.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to clothing regulate the Clothing Trade in Brecknocksheere. Trade.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply Billj House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his *>o!* 1 a* Majesty's Supply, by a Poll.

Mr. Speaker leaves the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports from the said Committee, that

they had made some further Progress in the Matter of his Majesty's Supply; and had resolved upon some Heads in order to a Poll Bill; viz.

That every Person, to be charged by the Poll Bill, shall pay, for his or her single Poll, 'Twelve Pence.

'That all Aliens, according to their Quality, be doubly charged.

'ITint all Persons, Subjects of this Realm, being now beyond the Seas, shall be liable to be charged by this Bill.

That all Persons w ho have not received the Sacrament, according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, within one Year last past, shall pay double.

Resolved, See. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that every Person to lie charged by the Poll Bill shall pay, for his or her single Poll, '1 welve Pence.

That all Aliens, according to their Quality, be doubly charged.

That all Persons, Subjects of this Realm, having Estates or Pensions in England, and residing in the Kingdoms of any foreign Prince, shall be "Ruble to be charged by this Bill.

That all Persons who have not received the Sacrament, according to the Liturgy of the Church of within one Year last past, shall pay double.

Resolved, Sec. 'That all Children under the Age of Sixteen Years, they nor their Parents being not worth a Hundred Pounds, shall not be liable to be charged by this Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir LadySaviie’*

and Sir John Coetl.^ Portion.

Mr. Speaker, The Lord's^"have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better.securing of a Portion of Five thousand Pounds, to and for the Lady an Infant, Daughter of IhvmasAiiy Earl of Sussex, out of Tart of the Estate ot James Earl also an Inlant,

in pursuance of the Will of thel^jd. Earl of

' J Sussex:

73

30* — 310 Metrtu< — t® Aprilis.

A. 166&.

,0

Sussex: To which they desire the Concurrence of this the Petition of John, and Mary Stonehouse, Stonehoo$e»

House: appointed for IVtdwsday next, be adjourned till Thursday Petition.

next in the Afternoon; and the House then to sit for The House adjourned till Two of the Clock to that Purpose, the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow 1.' ' Morning, Eight of the Clock.

The House attends the King.

SirH.

Vaughan's

Outlawry*

Fees oa Orders, &r*

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met, Mr. Speaker and the Members in a Body went and attended his Majesty at Whitehall, according to his Majesty’s Command for that Purpose. Being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, that his Majesty expressed himself to this Effect; viz.

That the Season of the Year was far spent; and that it was high Time for the Setting out of a Fleet; and therefore conjured the House to finish his Supply; and to make Haste to dispatch the Businesses depending, in order to a Recess by Whitsuntide.

Ordered, That the Clerk, in whose Custody the original Record of the Outlawry against Sir Henry Vaughan, remaineth, do attend the Committee of Privileges, with the said Record, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Resolved, Scc. That this House doth declare, that there is no Fee due for Orders, or Writ of Elections, upon the Admission of Members into the House.

*fc*\v*e* Sir Robert Brookes reports from the Committee to in-o um ar. qUjj.e }nto Miscarriages of the late War, that it was the Opinion of the Committee, that the House would ap-

eiint some of their Members to attend upon his Royal ighness the Duke of Yorke; and to desire him to renew his Commands to Sir John Hannan to hasten home: And also, to appoint some of their Members to attend the Commissioners of Accounts; and inquire what Progress they have made in the Discovery of the Imbezle-ment of the East India and other Prize Goods; and to desire them to transmit Copies of their Proceeding therein to the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, that some of the Members be appointed to attend upon his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke; and desire him to renew his Commands to Sir John Harmans to hasten home: And Sir Robert Brookes and Sir Robert Carr are appointed to attend his Royal Highness accordingly.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that some of the Members be appointed to attend the Commissioners of Accounts; and inquire, what Progress they have made in the Discovery of the Imbezlement of the East India, and other Prize Goods; and to desire them to transmit Copies of their Proceedings therein to the House: And Sir Thomas Meres and Sir Thomas Lee are appointed to attend the Commissioners of Accounts accordingly.

Supply. The Question being propounded, That the House, every other Day at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, take into Consideration the Matter of his Majesty’s Supply;

And the Question being put, That the Word " other" stand in the Question;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Meres,

Sir Robert Brookes,

Colonel Birch,

Sir Clifford Clifton,

And so it passed in the Negative.

And the main Question being put;

It was Resolved, That the House, every Day a,t Ten of the Clotk in the Morning, take into Consideration the Matter of his Majesty’s Supply. 1

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Cause, upon

DieMartis, 31° Martii, 1668.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Repairing Bill to make effectual Provision for keeping Churches Churches, in Repair.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the re- Thefts and maining Amendments to the Bill for preventing Thefts R°bb€r‘es. and Robberies.

The Amendments touching Plate, Money, and Jewels, was read the Second time:

The Question being put, To agree to that Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Clause, at the End of the Amendment, touching Robberies on the Lord’s Day, was read the Second time:

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee in this Particular;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, rejected.

The next Amendment, for making Compositions for Robberies, was read the Second time: And the rest of the Amendments were read; and some rejected; and others, with some Alterations, agreed.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Lane. Lake, and Mr. or

any Two of them, to peruse the Bill and Amendments; and to see that they do cohere, and be rightly ingrossed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill concerning Hearth- Hearth-money, be read Tomorrow Morning. money Tax.

Ordered That the Bill foreontmuing the Act against Con- Suppressing venticles, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning. "e*en'

The Bill for raising a Hundred thousand Pounds Sup- Supply Bill; ply for his Majesty, upon the Retailers of Wine and Wine Duties, Brandy, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House: And the Committee hath Power to consider how they may fix the whole Sum of Three hundred thousand Pound, with Interest, for the Advancement thereof, upon WTine; and to enlarge the Time of Eighteen Months in this Bill, if they think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

| for the Yeas, 39. for the Noes, 58.

Die Mercurii, I. Aprilis, 1668.

Praters.

ABIL L for inclosing Part of the Common of Outwood, Outwpotf in the County of York, was read the Second time. Forest la* The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; cioMr*' The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Lord Richardson,

Sir Thomas Gower,

Sir John Northcote,

Mr. Weld,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, that the Bill be committed to Sir Thill.Musgrave, Mr Sir Thom.

25 Gower,

| for the Yeas, 3°« fqr. the Noes, 29.

19 Car. II. i° — ^2°

Gower, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Sir Jo. Korthcotc, Mr.

AIorice, Mr. Chctzc/nd, Mr. Westphaling, Sir JVm. Coventry, Mr. llumiZiCiK Mr. Crouch, Lord Richardson, Mr. 7?///o/?, Sir 77/o/;?. Meres, Sir Zr?/?c. Lake, Sir Rowland Bailey, Mr Weld, Sir Walter Young, Sir i/tv?. Nation, Col. Gilt)ij, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Morice, Sir Jo. Heath, Mr. Otway, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Millward, Sir Jo. JVor- Mr. Ford, Sir Jo. Talbott, Sir Charles Harbord, Col. William, Sir Robert Can% Sir Richard Oatley, Sir Thom. Allah MwLun/, Mr. Hoby, Mr. Rigby, Sir Francis Clarke, and all the Members that serve for the County of JKo/’A*: Mid they are to meet on Saturday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

rune Forest, Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning the Forest of Deane be made Tomorrow Morning.

Dearth The additional Bill for Explanation of the former Acts,

Honey Tax. an(| better collecting the Duty of Hearth Money, was rcai!; and some Amendments agreed, and made at the Table.

A Proviso for levying Distresses was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to be added to the Bill.

Another Proviso was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass; and the Title shall be, An Act for Explanation of the former Acts, and better collecting the Dutyot Hearth Money: And Mr. Crouch is to carry up the Dill to the Lords.

Vndwuse's Resolved, &c. That the Order made for hearing the

ll,:L"D’ Cause upon the Petition of John, Dorothy, and Mary Storehouse, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, do stand.

\:pply Bill; The House resolved into a Committee of the whole

\ we Una, House, upon the Bill for raising a Hundred thousand Pounds at least upon Wines and Brandy, towards his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports from the said Committee, That, in pursuance of the Instruction given to the Committee, to consider how to raise the whole Three hundred thousand Pounds upon Wine, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

That for the raising the w hole Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, with Interest, for the Advancement thereof, the Imposition to be imposed on Wines and Brandy be continued for Two Years; unless the same shall be sooner raised: And, if the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, with Interest, shall not be so raised within that Time; then to be supplied by an Imposition on Wines and Brandy at the Custom House, not exceeding Four Pounds per Ton; Provided that the said Imposition shall not exceed One Year.

That the Commissioners to be appointed for the raising the Imposition upon Wine and Brandy, charged by this Bill, shall from time to time be accountable to the present Commissioners for biking the publick Accounts.

Resolved, &c. That tJiis House doth agree with the Committee, that for the raising the whole Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, with Interest, for Advancement thereof, the Imposition to be imposed on Wines and Brandy to be continued for Two Years; unless the same shall be sooner raised: And if the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, with Interest, shall not be so raised within that Time; then to be supplied by an Imposition on Wines and Brandy at the Custom House, not exceeding Four Pounds per Ton; Provided, that the said Imposition shall not exceed One Year.

That the Commissioners to be appointed for the raising the Imposition upon Wine and Brandy, charged by this Bill, shall from time to time be accountable to the present Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts*

Vol. IX.

Jpritii. ' 73

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 2° Aprilis, 1668.

Pra YEKS.

RDER ED, That these Members following be Timber, added to the Committee to which the Proposals for bringing down the Rates of Timber were committed; viz.

Sir Richard Ford, Sir Charles Wheeler,

Sir Thomas Alien, Mr. Win, Mr. Altheard. Sir 1

hoti, Sir John Knight, Col. Birch, Sir Adam Sir

Charles Harbord, Mr. Che twin, Sir Maurice Berkley.

Mr. Harbord reports from the Committee to which the Preferring Bill for Improvement and Preservation of Timber in the Timber in Forest of Deane Mas committed, several Amendments to Ucane orest> be made, and Clauses and Provisoes to be added, to the Bill: Which he read; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the several A mendments, precedent to the Amendment to the Eleventh Line of the Eleventh Folio, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

That Amendment being read the Second time, and debated;

Resolved, That this Amendment be re-committed to the former Committee; to consider of the Debates of the House upon this Amendment: And, for that Purpose, the Committee is revived; and to sit this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to expedite their Report; and bring in a Clause pursuant to the Debate in the House Tomorrow Morning, if they can.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, upon the Bill for raising a Hundred thousand Wine Duties, Pounds at least upon Wines and Brandy, towards his &c- Majesty’s Supply.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mi’. Steward reports, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the King’s Supply; and came to some Resolution, in order to the better Progress upon the said Bill. '

Motion being made, that the House would declare their Intention as to the charging of Wine tn ice;

Resolved, &c. That it is not intended by this Bill, that Wine shall be charged twice. And it is referred to Sir Charles Harbord, Sir 'limn. Lee, Sir Nico. Carey, Mr.

Comptroller, Mr. Jo. Vaughan, Mr. Solicitor, Mr. Mas-grave, Sir Them. Meres, Col. Birch, Sir Job Charlton, Mr.

Hen. Coventry, Mr. SwynJen, Mr. Millward, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Clause accordingly:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Carey be added to the Commission-Meinbers appointed to attend upon the Commissioners of «rs of \c-Accounts. counts.

The House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That Sir Edmund Bowyer have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for Four Days. Absence.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Repairing Highways was committed, be revived; and do sit To- Highways, morrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee to which Sir John Cutts Bedford Bill M as committed, be revived; and do sit on Saturday Level, next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon,

T Ordered,

Leigh's

Lslate.

74

a* — 3°

A. 1668.

Leave of Absence.

Royal Aid.

Suppressing

Conventicles.

Stoncbouse’a

Petition.

Ordered, That Sir John Talbot, and Sir Gilbert Talbott, ment sent from die Lords to die Bill for taxing the Lands

have the Leave of this House to attend die Lord Shrewsbury's Corpse.

Resolved, That the Committee, as to Offices in the Bill for the Royal Aid, be revived; and do sit on Saturday next.

Ordered, That die Bill for continuing the Act against Conventicles, be read the First Bill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The House then proceeded to the Hearing of the Cause upon die Petition of John, Dorothy, and Mary S/ouehouse:

And the Parties and their Counsel attending; and several Witnesses being called in; and examined, and cross-examined, on both Sides; and divers Deeds, W ritings, and Acquittances, being produced and read: And, upon the whole Matter, nothing of the Complaint of the Petition in Point of Fraud, Force, or unjust Dealing, in the least, being made out, either against the Earl of Clarendon, or the Lord Cornbury: But it appearing, that the Lands and Estate in Question were, upon the Desire and Seeking of Mr. John Lenthall, who married the Mother of the Petitioners, being the Relict of Sir fairly purchased for a lull Consideration of the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds in Money actually paid to Mr. Lenthall, and his Use, w hose Estate was but the Remainder of

of the Adventurers in the great Level of the Fens, may be rectified, according to the Intentions of both Houses: And have commanded us also to put you in mind of the Bill, sent from them, for regulating the Trials of Peers.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Sjieaker acquaints them, that the House did agree to the Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Serjeant

Charlton, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Swynjcn, Mr. Solicitor, Mr. Crouch, do attend the Conference.

The Debate of the Matter concerning Fining and illegal fiumj Imprisoning of Jurors, being this Day resumed in the Jurors. House;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Mr. Vaughan, Sir.

Buscaxeen, Mr. Swinjin, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Milhcard'Sir Charles -hard, SlrCourtneyPoole, Sir HalterVuing, Sir Robert Carr,

Mr. Hambden, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Solicitor, Sir

Thom. Lee, Mr. Bryn, Col. Milhcard, Mr. George Pont, or any Five of them, to draw up the Case and Matter of Fact, both in relation to Grand Juries, and Petty Juries, and the Vote and Resolution of the 1 louse therein, against ALonday Morning; to the end the Concurrence of the Lords may be desired thereto.

Ordered, That the Committee formerly appointed con- Ditto, cerning Jurors be revived; and do take into Consideration

<1

a Term in a Lease, purchased of Mr. Brice, for about the Matter ot Miscarriage objected against Mr. Justice Two Years and half, then in Being; and for the Conside- or any other Matter ol like Nature; and report

i.r:

.11

1< ;<

1

i; Vt

ration of Thirteen hundred Pounds satisfied to Mr. Brice, w ho was the ancient Tenant; and Four hundred and Fifty Pounds to one Mr. Granger, w ho had an Interest to some Part of the Premises under Mr. Brice; besides Two thousand Two hundred Pounds paid to the then Bishop of Winchester:And the House, finding the Truth of the Case to be, that the Petitioners are in Danger to be defeated of their Portion intended to them by their Father, by the Endeavour of Mr. Lenthall to fix the Security for the same upon an Estate which could not make it good, and in Exchange for which he gained a good and clear Estate to himself; upon Debate and due Consideration of the whole Matter;

Resolved, kc. That the Petition of John, Dorothy, and Mary Stonchou.se, be dismissed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill on the Behalf of John, Mary, and Dorothy for their

Relief.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Ji m. Sir

Charles Harbord, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Chichester Wray, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Edw. Seymour, or any Two of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill accordingly.

it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to sit Tomorrow at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Vaughan reports from the Conference had with TVdf. rd the Lords, and opens the Mistakes in the entering of the Lewi. Amendments to the Bill concerning Bedjbrd Level:

Which being amended at the Table;

Ordered, That the Bill be returned to the Lords.

Die Veneris, 3° Aprilis, 1668.

Pr

AYERS.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to inspect Militia the former Acts touching the Militia, and consider the Law*. Defects and Inconveniencies therein; and to bring in a Bill to redress them; viz. Sir Thomas Moons, Sir Northcote, Lord Aneram, Sir Jonath. Sir Jo.

Birkenhead, Sir D m. Fleetwood, Sir John Goodrich, Sir

Anlh.Irby, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir , Col. Wil-

hams, Sir James Thynn, Sir Hugh Bothell,

Sir Edw.Harley, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Mcuuson, Sir

Thom. Lee, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Vaughan. Sir Robert'

Carr, Lord Angier, Six. Crouch, Sir //idler Young, Mr.

Pryn, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir John Sir Phil/. Mas-

grave, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Jo. More-ton, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Thom. Mens, Sir Jo. EaSir // m. Hickman, Sir Anlh. Cope, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Sir

John Hotham, Six Edm. Pooley, Mr. Prideau.v, Sir John

Pelham, Mr. Buscawcn, Sir Chichester Wrey, Six James

Smith, Sir Allen Apsley, Mr. Chetwin, Sir Jo. Brampston,

Sir IVnu Coventry, Coi. Strangwaics, Sir Charles Harbord,

A BILL for enabling Thomas Leigh Esquire to sell Part Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Sir John Bennett, Sir

of his Lands for Payment of his Debts, was read the Poole, Lord Cornbury, Sir Hugh Mr.

First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time on ALonday Morning next.

Money received for indigent Officers,

Lord* desire a Conference.

Barnaby, Mr. Alil/icard, Mr. Hyde, Col. Bishop].), Col.

Reames: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the indigent loyal Commission Officers was read.

Ordered, That it be refeired to the Care of Mr. Alii-ward to advise with some other Members of the Long Robe, and to expedite the Bill directed on the Behalf of the indigent loyal Officers.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Justinian Leuen and Sir Alundcford Brampston;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, desire a Conference with this Ordered, That the Committee concerning the Lord Carr's House at Ten of the Clock this Morning, in the Painted Gerrard and JVm. Carr, be revived; and do sit To-mor- Petition. Chamber, to the End that some Mistakes in the Amend- row in the Afternoon.

Col.

Whereas this House was nowT informed of several Per- O.mmiurJs sons that had been illegally committed to Provosts to provost* Marshals: Marshals.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to make Provision in the Bill to prevent Things of like Nature for the future.

Qjgitiood by-C^OO^t

19 Car. II. 30 — 40 — 6° 75

S«pply. Col. Birch reports from the Committee appointed to bring in a Clause to prevent the charging of Wine twice, a Clause agreed by the Committee: Which being twice read;

Resolved, See. That the Clause brought in to prevent the charging of Wine twice, be referred to the Committee of the whole House for the King’s Supply.

Resolved, &c. That the House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock, to take into further Consideration the King's Supply, and nothing to intervene.

CmmiitMs. Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Die Sabbat i, 4* Aprilis, 16(58.

Prayers.

BeJW f\RDERED That all Members that come shall have

levtl \J Voices at the Committee to whom the Bill on the Behalf of Sir John Cutts was committed.

Sepply. The House then resolved into a Committee of the w hole House, to take into further Consideration the King's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

> Mr. Stew ard took the Chair of the Committee.

i Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress; and humbly moved, that the House would resolve into a ‘Committee of the whole House on Monday Morning.

Commutes. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit tins Afternoon, be adjourned.

irejd fining Ordered, That the Quorum of the Committee con-

Jim cerning the Fining of Jurors be made Three.

! And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

1

! Die Luna, 6° 1668.

Prat ers.

APETITI ON being tendered on the Behalf of Sir JVm.Beecher Knight, Will. Bolder, and John Gardiner, Esquires, Executors of Rickard Taylor Esquire, deceased;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Sir William Beecher, Bolder, and John Gardiner, Esquires, to hold certain Lands mentioned in an Indenture of the Twentieth of October i6j4i for the Term of Thirty-one Years, subject to the Trusts of Mr. Taylor's last Will.

The Proviso, on the Behalf of Sir John Wintoar, was tw ice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Proviso, on the Behalf of Mrs. Stanhope, was tw ice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Proviso, for excepting of Sir Edw. Patent,

was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Proviso, for excepting a Lease made to Thomas Elliott Esquire, was read twice;

The Question being put, To agree to that Proviso;

T he House w as divided.

The Yeas went out.

| for the Yeas, 53.

j. for the Noes, 55.

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Mr. Hall, was twice read; and, upon the Question, rejected.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Mr. Mainard,

was twice read.

The Question being put, To agree to this Proviso;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Proviso, for ascertaining the Bounds of the Forest, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Proviso, touching the Mines of Coal, and Quarries of Grindstones, was read.

Resolved, That this proviso he read the Second time.

Which was done; and the Proviso debated.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Serj.

Sets, Sir Robert AIkins, Mr. Vaug Sirs ’harks

Sir Bainham Throckmorton, or any Two of them, to consider of the Case of Mr. Jirring; and to bring in a Proviso ingrossed on his Behalf, touching Coal Mines, and Quarries of Grindstone, upon the Debates in the House.

A Petition of Sir John Wintoar was read.

Tire Question being put, That Sir John be

heard at the Bar of this House;

The House was divided.

The Yens went out.

Tellers,

Sir Hnmfry JVynch, Sir John Coventry, Sir John Knight, Mr. Weld;

Tellers,

Col. Birch,

Sir Thom. Iliggons,

Sir liainh. Throgmorton,

Sir Hnmf ry Jlynch,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved. &c. That the said Hill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

| for the Yeas, 78. for the Noes, 12

A Petition of James Ash Esquire was tendered; and Privilege. — bein g opened; Pen non from

Resolved, That the said Mr. James Ash, now in the aleibonin Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this I louse, be discharged of his Commitment, paying his Fees.

custody*

DwT* A Bill, brought in by Leave of the House, for raising Six thousand Pounds out of the Estate of John Lent hall Esquire, for the Portions Mary, and Dorothy,

Stonehme, Children of Sir James deceased,

was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Prstning Sir Bainham Throckmorton reports from the Committee CT"1 the Bill for Improvement of T imber in the

F«t. Forest of Deane was committed, a Clause by them agreed, in pursuance of the Direction of the House, for disposing of Coppice Wood, in the said Forest: Which was twice read.

The Question being put, To agree to the said Clause;

Itpassed in the Negative.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the remaining Amendments brought in from the Committee to the Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Vol. IX.

Upon Complaint of Pcircy Goring Esquire, a Member pr;v;ieffe> of this House, that, whilst he is attending his Duty here, a Distress hath been made of pneof his Horses, and the Horse thereupon sold, by Thomas G’revet one of the Churchwardens of Maidstone in Kfor a Tax to the Poor laid upon his Ability by the Corporation.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to ti e Committee of Privileges and Elections, to summon the said Thomas Grevett to attend them on this Day Sevennight; and to examine the Matter of Fact; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

According to former Order, the House was this Day c llof tke called over. House.

Resolved, That the Names of the Defaulters be called over on this Day Sevennight; and that all such as shall fail then to appear, whose Excuse shall not be allowed, sluill pay Twenty Pounds Fine, to be forthwith estreated in the Exchequer, in the Default of Payment.

I6

6° — 70 — 8° Aprilis.

A.i66%<

, C

Resolved, That all such Members as shall depart the Service of the House by the Space of Three Days, without Leave of the House, and their Order, shall pay the Fine of Ten Pound.

Committees. Resolved, &c. Thai all Committees be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the lloiise adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis T 1668*

Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Nicho. Cary, Sir Jo. Birkenhead,

Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Jeffery Shach :erly, Mr. Sir Edm.

Windham, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. And they

are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Six Clerks Six Clerks Office be read the Second time on Thursday Morning. 0l,lte'

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Mr. Fou ler be read Fowler's

: i

Tomorrow Morning.

Estate.

Privilege.

Church

Leases.

Prayers.

UPON Complaint made on Behalf of Mr.

a Member of this House, that Eduard and Herne had felled and lopped several Trees, and committed other Waste upon the Estate of Mr. Sem en, whilst he is attending the Service of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of Parliament;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege objected against Edward and John Herne, for lopping the Trees, and doing Spoil upon the Estate of Mr. a Member of this House; and that the said Edward and John Heme do attend the Committee of Privileges to give an Account herein: And the Committee are to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The Question being put, That the Bill concerning Bishops Leases be read Tomorrow Morning;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Harbor(TaReport from the committee

ofGriev-

Committee of Grievances beheardTo-morrow Morning,

ances.

Storehouse's A Bill for raising Six thousand Pound out of the Estate Portions. of Mr. John Lentiuill, for the Portions of John, and Dorothy Stonehouse, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Windham, Mr. Edw.Seymour, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Vaughan, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Mr. Glascock, Sir Jo. Filz. james, Sir Chichester Wrey, Sir Robert Carr, Sir

Alusgrave, Sir Win. Portman, Mr. Sir Adam

Browne, Sir Jonath. Trehrwney, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir

Morelon, Mr. Marvell, Sir Jo. Mr. Crouch,

Sir Robert Holt, Lord AngierSir Lane. Lake, Mr. Trc-gonndl, Sir Jo. Harr, Serjeant Avs, Col. Birch, Sir Thyn, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Mr. Bartu, Sir Jo. Brampsion,

Sir Jo. Fagg, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Sir

Browne, Sir Jo.Knight, Throgmorton, S'wThom.

Littleton, Col. Bishop, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Jo. Coventry, Mr. Daniell, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir Ma jor General Egerlon, Mr. W Sir

ham, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Somcrsett,-And Devon: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to examine the Matter of Fact, and report it to the House: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dawes’

Creditors.

Monies due to the Crown.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Creditors of Sir Thomas Dawes, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the better answering of Monies due to the Crown was read the Second time.

A Proviso on Behalf of the Sheriffs was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be added to the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee to which the Matter was referred concerning Monies charged on Offices, and still in Arrear: And that these Members following be added to the Committee; viz. Sir Jo. Duncombe, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Rob. Carr, Sir

Allen, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Lane. LaSir Jo. Knight, Sir

Richard Braham, Mr. Milwa Sir Jo. Bennett, Sir Fretchvile Hollis, Mr. Buscawen, Col. Progers, Sir Jo. Moreton, Col. Reames, Mr. Col. Williams, Sir

Jonathan Trelawney, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr.

H

The House, according to former Order, proceeded to Lindsey the Hearing of the Cause upon the Bill depending in this Level. House, concerning the Draining of Lindsey Level Fen in Liwo/nshcere.

And Parties and Counsel were called in to the Bar of the House;

And the Petition of the Lords, Owners, and Commoners, was read; and Counsel heard; and Witnesses examined on the Behalf of Sir William Kcllegrexo, and Sir Henry Heron-, and other Witnesses on the Behalf of the

Lords, Owners, and Commoners; and several Deeds and Writings were produced and read on both Sides.

A Book containing the true Copy of Commission of Sewers in lliot):

And the Question being put, That the same be read in Evidence;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

rl he Question being put, That one True being offered as a Witness on behalf of the Country;

And the Question being put, That he be admitted as a Witness;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, S. c. That the future Hearing of the said Cause be put off till Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii,8* Aprilis, l(j(i8.

Prays.r s.

OR D E R E D, That the Matter of Breach of Privilege Privilege.

objected on the Behalf of Sir Robert Brookes, a Member of this House, against one Thomas Young; w ho having Lands contiguous to Sir Brookes; caused

his Fences to be laid open; and hath drivenand impounded the Cattle of Sir Robert Brookes; be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine the Matter, and report it to the House; and that the said do at-

tend the Committee, and give an Account therein.

A Bill enabling Richard Fowler Esquire to receive the Fowler's Rents of certain Lands in the County of was read Lsnue.

the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read tire Second time on Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill sent from the Lords, for the better Trials ol-regulating of the Trial of the Peers of England, was read Peers, the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of the Creditors of Sir Thomas Daw es was Dawes' read. Creditors.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition be referred to Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Rob. Brookes, Sir RobCarr, Mr. Cheyne, Lord Fan share, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Crouch, Sir Humjry

Wynch, Mr. Seymour, Mr. James, Sir Richard Braham,

Sir John Knight, Sir Thomas Littleton, Col. Birch, Sir

Maurice

a Jr.

v-vt

T

,;-3

77

19 Car. II.

8 — 9'

ro

Aprilis.

Tayleri

Estate.

Preventing Export of Wool.

Jurors.

Milford

Haven

Lighthouse,

Maurice Berkley, Sir Thomas , Mr. Col.

Kirkby, Mr. Musgrane, Sir James Thyn, Mr. Harbord, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir John Harrison, Mr. Sir

Jonath. Trelawny, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hide, Serj. Seis,

Mr. Jones, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Jo. Heath, Sir Justinian Isham, Sir Wm. Morley, Mr. Morice, Sir Bainham Throckmorton: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards: And to examine the Matter of the Petition, and repdrt it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Mr. Estate

be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Jurors be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee of Grievances, the Case concerning erecting a Light-house at St.Anne's Head, near Milford Haven; and the Re-

solves of the Committee thereupon; viz.

That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of this Committee, that the Patent for erecting a Lighthouse at -St, Atm's Head, near Milford Haven in Wales, is a common Grievance.

That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of this Committee, that these Three Persons, John Man, John Morice, and Isaac Morgan, who have put this Patent in Execution, by receiving Monies thereupon, be summoned to answer the same.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Patent for erecting a Light-house at St. Anne's Head, near Milford Haven in Wales, is a common Grievance.

Resolved, &c. That these Three Persons, John Man, John Morice, and Isaac Morgan, who have put this Patent in Execution, receiving Monies thereupon, be summoned to answer the same.

Die Jovis, 9* Aprilis, 1668.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees which were dis- Committees, continued be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Six Clerks Si* Clerk's Office in Chancery, be read the Second time Tomorrow c* Morning.

A Bill for enabling Sir William Beecher and others Taylor’s to perform a Trust, and raise Monies for Payment of Estate* Debts, and providing for the younger Children of Richard Taylor Esquire, deceased, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Timber, bringing down the Price of Timber.

Col. Birch reports from the Committee to which the Silkthrowers Bill for regulating the Trade of Silk-throwing, was com- Trade, mitted, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: W'hich he opened: And the Amendments being twice read, and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for confirming Church Lands be read Tomorrow Morning.

Leases

of Church Leases.

Ordered, That the Report concerning Yarmouth Pier Yarmouth be made on Saturday Morning next. Rier-

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Forest of Deane Deane be read Tomorrow Morning. Forest.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Robberies be read Thefts and Tomorrow Morning. Robberies.

6i C.

The King’s Speech conjured.

, , . , . , The House resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill:

Resolved &c That his Majesty be humbly moved by House, upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply. Wine Duties,

such Members of this House as are of his Privy Council, Mr Speaker left the Chair, to call in the Patent for erecting a Light-house at St. Ml, took the Chair of the Committee.

Ames Head, near Milford Haven m Wales. Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

TT ,. - _ Mr. Steward reports, that the Committee had made

The House then, according to former Order resumed some further Pro in the said Bill and humbl moved,

the Consideration of the latter Part of his Majesty s that the House would resolve into a Committee of the speech.

The Question being propounded, That his Majesty be desired to send for such Persons as he shall think fit, to make Proposals to him, in order to the uniting of his Protestant Subjects;

And the Question being put, That this Question be put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the main Question being put, That his Majesty be desired to send for such Persons as he shall think fit, to make Proposals to him, in order to the uniting of his Protestant Subjects;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

MrlSf } for the Yeas,

Sir Robert Holt, 1 c»T

Sir An,h. Cope,j the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of the latter Part of his Majesty’s Speech be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

70.

176.

whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, See. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill concerning his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That S\rJeffercy Shackerly, Sir Browne, Dawes’

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, be added to the Committee to Cred*tors. which the Petition of the Creditors of Sir Thomas Dawes was committed.

Mr. Wren, by Command of his Royal Highness the Miscarriages Duke of Yorke, imparts to this House a Letter, sent to of the War. his Highness, from Sir John Hannan, of his Arrival in the Downs', and desiring his Highness’ Direction how to dispose of the King’s Ships that were with him: And that the Duke had thereupon ordered him to bring the Ships to the Buoy in the Nore; and then to hasten to Town, in order to his Examination as to Miscarriages in the late War; having sent him the Order of this House to that Purpose.

Suppressing Resolved, &c. That the Bill for continuing the Act

Carcnticles. against Conventicles be read Tomorrow Morning.

Die Veneris, 10° Aprilis, 1668.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Prayers.

Morning, Eight of the Clock. ' ’ f~\ RDERED, That the Bill concerning Mr. Leigh be Leigh'i

read the First Bill Tomorrow Morning.

g

Estate.

Tayler’*

Estate.

Duke of

Yorke

thanked.

Privilege.

7$

to

11

Aprilis.

A. 1668.

A Bill to enable Sir Win.Beecher and others, to per- Ordered, That the Bill against Robberies be read on

form a Trust, and raise Monies for Payment of the Debts, Tuesday Morning next 0 *'

and making Provision for the younger Children of Richard — - - 1 ’ " ’ ‘ Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill on Rebuilding

the behalf of the City of London, to speed the Rebuilding London, thereof.

Tayler Esquire, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Carr, Sir Wm.Beecher, Mr. M, Lord Fanshaw, Sir

Richard Francklyn, Col. Williams, Mr. Sir

Hungry Wynch, Sir Wm. Terr Sir Thomas Lee,

Air. Westphaling, Sir Gilbert Mr. Lucy, Sir

Thomas Alien, Sir Richard Braham, Col Lord Fits

Williams, Sir Richard Oatley, Mr. Steward, Sir jo.

Mr. Hobby, Mr. Otxcay, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Bainh. Throckmorton, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Crouch, and all the Mem-

bers that serve for the several Counties of Beds ord, Cambridge, Northampton, and Buck': And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Six Clerk* regulating the Six Clerks Office was committed, be joined Office, to the Committee for Offices in the Bill for the Royal Aid.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke, for his Care and Favour in causing the Order of this House, for Sir John Harmans Attendance, to be executed, according to the Desires of this House: And Sir Robert Carr, Sir

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to take into further Consideration the Bill con- ^ne Uutlw» cerning the King’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

ijC

1;«1'

r.

1

>, C!

;u

- \[

Six Clerks Office.

A Message from the Lords, by

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, Adm|ni-intituled, An Act for the due Ordering of the Accompts Account*. Thom. Lee, and Colonel Kirkby, are to attend his Royal of Administrators: To which they desire the Concurrence Highrless with this Address of Thanks. of this House.

And also returned another Bill intituled, An Act to Heble-

A Bill for the better regulating of the Six Clerks Office enable Sir Thomas to sell or dispose of Land S?6

in Chancery was read the Second time. to pay Debts, and make Provision for younger Children:

Resolved, See.That the Bill be committed to Col. rPo which they have agreed, leaving out one Proviso:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

We are also to acquaint you, that the Lords have Escape* from

agreed to the Bill, sent from this House, intituled, An London

Act to indemnify the late Sheriffs of London, touching Sheriffs. Escapes of Prisoners in the Time of the late Fire.

Kirkby, Mr. Street, Mr. Whoncood, Sir Thomas Allen,

Sir Lane.Lake, Lord Fanshaw, Col. Birch, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Chetwin, Mr. Nico. Carey, Cok PMr. Daniell,

Mr. Lucy, Sir Win.Terringham, Mr. Lord

Angler, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Crouch, Sir Geo.

Probert, Dr. Buncell, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Birkenhead, Mr. Buscarven, Sir Hum fry Wynch, Lord Fits

Williams, Col. Williams, Col. Reames, Mr. Seymour, Sir

Richard Braham, Sir Jonathan TrSir Bainh.

Throckmorion, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir erly, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Thom. Lee, Lord Richardson,

Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Sir Wm.

Alorlcy, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Greenevile, Mr. King,

Sir Thom. Gcwcr, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Jo. Northcote, his Deputy.

Dr. Buncell, Mr. Mounlague, Six 'Edward Thurland, Lord Ancram, Sir Rich. Wiseman: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Habeas prevent the Refusal of Habeas Corpus's. Corpus.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker receive in private the Secret appre* Name of a Person complained against, for transporting hentl,n of of Wool; and to issue his Warrant for the taking him in p^neTof. Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or 1

Ordered, That Charles Durdant be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Breach of Privilege, in causing Sir Frelchvile Hollis, a Aiember of this House,

to be served with Process of Subpoena out of the Court of Chancery, whilst he is attending the Service of this House.

Suppressing A Bill for the Continuance of the former Act for sup.

Conventicles- pressing seditious Conventicles, being read the Second time: And a Debate being, for enlarging the Bill in some Particulars:

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho-, mas Meeres, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Charles

Harbord, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Birkenhead, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir Jo. Air. Comptroller, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Milward, Col. Birch, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Knight, Sir An th.Irby, Mr. Steward, Sir Denliam, Lord

Sir John Talbott, Sir Bainh. Throgmorton, Sir Phdl. grave, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Dalmahoy, Mr. Alusgrave, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir James Smith, Mr. Hyde, Sir John Brampston, Sir Officer, Mr. Barnaby, Sir

Thom. Lee, Mr. Cooke, Lord Williams, Sir Morton, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Jo. Goodrich, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Richard Braham: And they are to consider of the

on Foreign Linen

Ordered, That Air. Corners Darcy, Mr. John Dalton, Deepeing Sir Edw. Wise, Sir Fran. Clarke, be added to Deepeing ^en*

Fen Committee.

Ordered, That these Aiembers following be added to Dawes’ the Committee to which the Petition of the Creditors of Creditors-Sir Thomas Dawes was committed; viz. Sir Nico. Carey,

Air. Cornwallis, Sir Huntfry Hooke, Sir Jo. Rous, Sir Wm.Whitmore, Sir Geo.Reves, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Pryn,

Air. Leighton, Mr. Cooke, Col. Phillips, Sir Thom. Woodcock, Mr. Vaughan, Col. Grey.

Resolved, &c. That the Order for the further Hearing Lyndsey of the Cause concerning Lyndsey Level, Tomorrow Level. Aloming, do stand.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 11° Aprilis, 1668.

Prayers.

V-.

L,

I).,

U->i

lh-:

l/V:

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Transporta-encouraging the Transportation of Corn and Cattle is l‘on of Coro, committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the *c*

Place formerly appointed: And they have Power to consider of, and make a Proposition for laying an Imposition

1

v£.

"i

v- r

r i

' Vi

present Debate in the House: And to sit this Afternoon fiRD That Charles'Broster, Robert Honcood, Complaint

at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And ' be summoned to attend_to give Evidence in the Alat-

to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

24

ter complained against Sir Peter Pindar.

Ordered,

h,1;-

!#' (!

’4%j

S

r*;D

19 Car. II. 11° —

Ordered, That all Bills be read in Order as they are

1 appointed.

Leigh's A Bill for confirming a Contract for Sale of Lands to £>utc. pay the Debts of Mr. Leigh, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

u Milward, Sir Edw. Massey, Col. Williams, Mr. Bus-

taven, Col. Kirkby, Sir Richard Mr. Foulke

Lucy, Mr. TVestphaling, Sir Charles Sir Thomas

Dyke, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Weld, Mr. Sir Thom.

n. Center, Mr. Mountague, Lord Richardson, Sir Jeffery

a, Shackerley, Col. Reames, Sir Emley, Sir James Thyn,

Dr. Burwell, Sir John A Mr. Scudamore, Sir Wm. f Oglander, Sir Richard Oateley, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Col.

Whitley, Mr. Otway, Col. Milward, Sir Richard Ford, Col. Wancklyn, Sir Bainh Throckmorton, Mr. Daniel/,

Mr. Jaye, Mr.' Culleford, Lord Williams, Serj. Charlton, Morice, Mr. Col. Egerton, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Ratcliffe, and all the Members that serve for Derbyshire and Cheshire: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in 1 the Speaker’s Chambers: And to send for Persons, Pa-

pers, and Records.

[3° Aprilis. 79

Ordered, That Sir Robert Brookes, and Sir Nicholas Carey, do acquaint the Commissioners of Accounts, that the House have read their Report, and do return them Thanks for their great Care and Diligence therein; and intend to take it into further. Consideration on Tuesday Morning next; and desire, that if they have any thing further to report, they would prepare what they can against that Time; and if the Act be defective, and that they do want any further Power, they would then represent it to the House.

Resolved, &c. That the further Hearing of the Cause Irish Land upon the Petition of the Adventurers for Lands in Ireland, Adventurer*, appointed for Monday next, be put off till Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, &c. That the further Hearing of the Cause Lyndsey concerning Lyndsey Level, appointed for this Day, be the Level.

First Business on Monday Morning, nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Call of the Members, Defaulters, defaulters to be next after the Hearing of the Cause concerning Lynd- tl)e

sey Level.

e’t

stas

5.

im i of m-

Privilege- Serjeant Charlton reports to this House, from the Com-Kligibiljty of mittee of Elections, the Case of Sir Henry Vaughan *; 1 Member. an(j that the Committee, upon the whole Matter, Were of Opinion, that there was nothing objected against Sir Henry Vaughan, to impede his Sitting in Parliament; or that he was not duly elected a Member.

And the Matter being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that there was nothing object d against Sir Henry Vaughan, to impede his Sitting in Parliament; or that he was not duly elected a Member.

Rebuilding Ordered, The Bill concerning the City of London be Uk read the First Bill on Tuesday Morning.

Habeas Ordered, That the Bill concerning Habeas Corpus's be Corpus. read the First Bill after the Bills already appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 13° Aprilis, 1668.

Praters.

RD E RED, That John Gad, Cooke Clerke, and Privilege. Grey, do attend the Committee of Privileges on Thursday next, to answer the Breach of Privilege, objected against them; in entring and seizing the Salt-works near Sheernesse, in the Island of Graine, in the County of Kent, to which Sir JVm. Smith, a Member of this House, makes Claim; and out of which his Servants are dispossessed, w hilst he is attending the Service of this House; and the Committee are to examine the Matter ;and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Rr,luring The Question being propounded, That Leave be given latent to bring in a Bill for reducing the Rate of Interest Money; m The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

fsd,1 The House was divided:

! The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Sir Humfry Wynch,\ , Y , lfi

Sir Richard Ford, f for Ule Y ea8’ 11 b*

MrjZ* } for the Noes, 73.

I And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reducing the Rate of Interest Money;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Person to Ordered, That Alexander Rigby do attend on Monday Morning, to give an Account to the House of the Objections against William

Crnmis- Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, that he had received wiers of a Letter, together with a Report, from the Commis-^*c" sioners for taking the publick Accounts; and that the Let-l'! ter did desire the Report might be tendered to the Flouse

the first Opportunity.

The Report being read;

Resolved, &c. That the House do on Tuesday next, at Ten of the Clock, assume the further Consideration of the Report from the Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts; and no other Business to intervene.

a Perwn Resolved, &c. That the Serjeant at Arms, or his De-| <?dered into puty, do apprehend, and take into Custody, Lieutenant ! * Ward; to answer the Imbezzlements and Miscarriages 1 reported against him by the Commissioners of the publick Accounts.

Sir Humfrey JVynchreports the Bill concerning the Taylor’s Estate of Mr. Taylor, with some Amendments thereto, ^state-agreed by the Committee: Which were now read, and agreed; and the Bill, with the Amendments, ordered to be ingrossecl.

A Petition of the Clothiers in and about the City of State of Exeter was read. Trade.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Trade; to examine the Matter of the Petition, and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House:

And for that purpose they are to sit on Friday next.

Ordered, That Sir Clement Fisher have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Recovery of his Heath. Absence.

The Lord Fitzhardingdelivers a Message, in Writing, Message

from his Majesty: Which w'as read, and is as followeth; f'0® the King to ex-

pedite Business.

HIS Majesty, not long since, acquainted you, That He hoped you would dispatch your Business so that you might be in your Countries by Whitsuntide: He thinks fit now to let you know, that he resolves to put a Period to this Session on Monday the Fourth Day of May next, being the Monday before Whitsunday: And again earnestly minds you to dispatch the Business of the Supply, and your other publick Concernments, by that Time.

Given at the Court at Whitehall, the Thirteenth Day of April, in the Twentifeth Year of His Majesty’s Reign.

Resolved\

80 130 — 14* . 1668.

Supply. . Resolved, &c. That the House do on Wednesday Morning next, proceed on the King’s Supply; and from thence every other Day, till it be finished; and that no private Business be proceeded in, till that be dispatched.

Resolved, &c. That on the Days appointed for the King’s Supply, the House do at their first Sitting proceed in that; and no other Business to intervene.

Lyndsey The House, according to former Order, proceeded in

Level- the Hearing of the Cause concerning Lyndsey Level; and Counsel being called in to the Bar, both on Behalf of the Lords Owners and Commoners, and of Sir JVm.

Kellegrew, and Sir Hen. Heron; and several Deeds and Writings were read on both Sides.

Resolved, &c. That the further Hearing of this Cause be adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, accordingly.

his Queen’s, and the Duke’s and Duchess’s, and such other Ways, as in his Wisdom shall seem most meet and effectual, forthwith to encourage the Wearing of his own English Manufactures; and to discourage the Wearing of all foreign Manufactures; and to discountenance and disgrace all such as shall not conform thereunto; to the Good of his Majesty and his People.

Resolved, Scc. That the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Vote: And that both Houses in a Body wait on his Majesty with this Vote.

Resolved, &c. That the Lords be desired to begin themselves to shew a good Example herein to the Nation: And that Sir Charles Harbord do carry up these V otes to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Resolved, &c. That this House will begin themselves to shew a good Example herein to the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Conine’s, &c. Nat.

Lyndsey

Level.

Sir \V. Pen to attend.

Defaulters to Call of the House.

Address for wearing English Manufactures.

Post Meridiem.

Die Mortis, 14* 1668.

A BILL for the Naturalization of John Canine and others, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Brampston, Sir A nth.Irby, Col. Sir Jo. Eam/ey, Mr.

iMcy, Mr. Seymour, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Harbord, Sir Stephen Fojc, Mr. Maurice Berkley, Sir Fran.Clarhe, Lord Richardson, Mr. West-

phaling, Mr. Whoneood, Dr. Arras, Sir Birkenhead, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. M.'irmaduke Darcy, Lord Vaughan, Mr. Sir

Win. Kellegrew, Mr. Geo. Weld, Sir Thom. Mompesson, Sir Nico. Career, Mr. Corners Darcy, Mr. Ratcliffe, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Cheyne, Sir Richard Braham, Mr. Crouch, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir James Smith, Mr. Packer, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Scawen, Si r Mr.

Mr. Bar nr by, Sir Jeffery Shackerly, Sir John Monson, Mr. Morice, Mr. Nasworthy, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Walden, Sir Wm. Lexers, Mr. Henley, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Hobby: And they are to meet on Wednesday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then proceeded to the further Hearing of the Cause concerning Lyndsey Level.

Resolved, &c. That the further Hearing of this Cause, as to the Counsel’s Summing up of Evidence, on both Sides, be on Friday next in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Pen have Notice to attend this House To-morrowr Morning.

Ordered, That the Call of Members, Defaulters, be on Friday next after the Hearing of the Cause of Lyndsey Level.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee appointed to prepare an Address to his Majesty to encourage the Wearing and Use of our Home Commodities, That the House desire his Majesty, that by his own Example, and his Queen’s, and the Duke’s and Duchess’s, and such other Ways, as in his Wisdom shall seem most meet and effectual, he will be pleased forthwith to encourage the Wearing of his own English Manufactures; and to discourage the Wearing of all foreign Manufactures; and to discountenance and disgrace all such as shall not conform thereunto, for the Good of his Majesty and People; and to desire the Concurrence of the Lords herein: And that both Houses may wait on his Majesty in a Body with this Vote: And that the House begin themselves to shew a good Example herein to the Nation: And that the ♦Lords be also desired to shew the like Example.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth humbly desire his Majesty, that he will be pleased by his own Example, and

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Jones have Leave to go into Leave of the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. JVhorxeood have Leave to bring whonroodV in a Bill for vacating a Decree for Alimony. Estate.

Ordered, That such Persons as are now in the Custody Privilege, of the Serjeant at Anns, for a Breach of Privilege, complained of on the Behalf of Sir George Probert, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account touching the same.

An additional Act for the better Rebuilding the City Rebuilding of London was read the First time. London.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Navy Creditors have Leave to Navy Debts withdraw their Bill, and bring in a new' one.

Ordered, That Thomas Knapper, the Attorney who took Privilege, out a Writ, and Anthony Cooke, and Abraham Selfe, the younger, Bailiffs, employed by him to execute the same, on which Thomas Hales, the menial Servant of Sir James Thynn was arrested, do attend the Commitete of Privileges, to whom the Matter of Breach of Privileges objected against them is hereby referred.

Ordered, That the Matter of Breach of Privileges ob- Ditto, jected against Mr. Constantine, be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine it at their next Sitting; and report it, with their Opinions therein; to the House.

Sir Thomas Lee brings in a Second Narrative and Re- Commis-port from the Commissioners for taking the publick sioners of Accounts: Which was read: And the First Narrative Ac sent from them again read; and the Matter of the Narratives relating to Sir Wm. Penn, as to the Imbezzle-rnent of Prize Goods, being debated;

Ordered, That Time be given to Sir Wm. Penn till Thursday to make his Answer.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Accounts be desired to transmit all such Evidence which they, have in the Matter relating to Sir Wm. Penn, as to the Imbezzle-ment of Prize Goods, against Thursday next: And Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Nicho. Carew, and Sir Thomas or either of them, do acquaint the Commissioners with this Order.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Cuttance, Sir Thomas Tyddi- Persons to man, and Mr. Cuttance, be summoned to attend this attend. House on Thursday next.

Ordered,

I bat

Vh

-Sift

‘liife

t

onte,;

'iPjl;.

riiib

D»

oses-nil

m-

&C&.

>005

aA

19 Car, II,

Irish Land Ordered That the Matter concerning the Irish Adven-

Ailveniurer*. turers be adjourned till Saturday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 15® Aprilis, 1668.

Prayers.

<T®Heodore Jacobson, Theodore Bromken, and Balthazar Stayvi/igh, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That the said Theodore Jacobson, Theodore Bfmkai, and Balthazar Stayvingh, be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Sit- An ingrossed Bill to regulate the Trade of Silk-thiowrrs throwing was read.

*"* Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill do pass: And the Title shall be, An Act to regulate the Trade of Silk-throwing,

mils and An ingrossed Bill to prevent Thefts and Robberies on

Kvbbenes. Highways was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And the Title shall be, An Act to prevent Thefts and Robberies on the Highways.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Matter of Breach of Privilege objected on the Behalf of Sir George Probert, to be committed by Edward Nicholas and others, be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine at the next Sitting; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Miring Ordered, That the Bill to abate Interest-money be initial read Tomorrow Morning.

Mle- Ordered, That the House do agree to the Amendment, j^tes from the Lords, for leaving out a Proviso in the Bill concerning Sir Thomas Hebkthwayte.

Ordered, That the Bill be returned: And Sir Charles Harbord is to carry up this, and the other Bills which are ready, to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Justinian Leaven and Sir Thomas Estcourt;

Coinage Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two H- Bills: The one intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Ashdown ^ut*es Subsidy and Aulnage: The other intituled, An lo* (51* Act for the Improvement of the Forest of Ashdmme, and the Park called the Broyle Park: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

hopply Bill; The House resolved into a Committee of the whole in*Dunes, House, to take into further Consideration the Bill con-f' cerning his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stexcard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

Prwving Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in an in-Timutr m grossed Clause, to be added to the Bill concerning Deane IfcM forest, for preventing the Firing of young Woods there.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

toL. IX.

81

Die Jovis, 16® Aprilis, 1668.

Prays rs.

ORDERED, That Mr. Dulston have Leave to go Leave of into the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning Sir Peter Complaint Pindar, be referred to the Committee of Grievances: And against to take it into Consideration on IVcdnesday next. Sir1*' in ar‘

A Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Brome Whoncood, to va- Whorwood’* cate a Decree for Alimony, was read the Second time. Estate.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Sir Bainh. Throckmorton, Mr. King, Mr. Westpha Mr. Pepis, Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Richard Oatelcy , Sir Charles Hur-bord. Sir Jo, Heath, Sir Solom. SMr. Morice, Sir Thom. Heblethwaite, Sir Thom. CMr. Milward,

Mr. Vaughan, Sir Jo. Talbott, Sir Major

General Longhorn, Sir Edrc. Massey, Sir John Moreton Mr. Mountugue, Mr. PiercyGoring, Sir Thom. Blud-

worth, Sir Robert Long, Sir Ph Lord Richardson; And all that shall come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed BiH for the Increase and Preservation of Preserving Timber within the Forest of Deane was read. Timber in

A Proviso, to exclude Red and Fallow Deer, was tendered; and once read. orei

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, to prevent the Firing of Wood in the Forest, was twice read: But it being found necessary to make some Alterations thereunto, which could not be done at the Table, the Proviso was withdrawn, that the Recommitment of it might not hinder the passing of the Bill:’ But the Sense of the House w as, that a Bill might be brought in next Session, for a general Remedy of Mischiefs of this Kind.

Another Proviso, for enabling his Majesty to make:

Leases of the Quarries of Coal and Grindstones in the Forest of Deane w as thrice read; and, on the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And the Title shall be, An Act for Increase and Preservation of Timber w ithin the Forest of Deane: And Sir Throckmorton is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

A Petition was tendered, and opened, to the House Brandy and on the Behalf of some Merchants, touching Brandy and Strong strong Waters; and the Matter debated: Waters.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Matter of the Petition be further debated on Saturday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the City of London be read Re-building on Saturday next. London.

Sir JVm. Penn having tendered and delivered in an charges Answer in Writing, as to the Matter of Imbezzlement of against Prize Goods objected against him in the Narrative of Sir W. Penn, the Commissioners of Accounts;

The Answer of Sir JVm. Penn was read.

A Letter of the Commissioners of Accounts, directed to Mr. Speaker, was read. i

Sir Nicholas Carew reports from the Commissioners of Accounts, that they had transmitted the original Depositions and Evidence relating to the Imbezzlement of Prize Goods, having not Time to make Extracts; but had sent a Calendar to direct to such Particulars as did relate to 1 Sir JVm. Penn: Which he delivered in:

And the Evidence concerning Sir JVm. Penns Imbezzlement of Prize Goods being read;

And Sir JVm. Penn, in his Place, giving Answer in several Particulars which did arise upon debating the Matter in the House;

X A Motion

14° — r 50 — 16° Aprilis.

8* 16* — *7* — 18° Jpritis. 'Ai-668.

A Motion being made to call in Sir Joseph Jordan, to testify his Knowledge in this Matter!

Resolved, &c. That Sir Joseph Jordan be called in to the House.

Sw Joseph Jordan was called in, and examined.

And the Matter to Sir Win. Penns Imbezzlement of Prize Goods being further debated:

The Question being propounded, That an Impeachment be had against Sir Wm. Penn;

The Question being put, That the Question be now1 put;....

It'was-resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put, That an Impeachment be had against Sir Wm. Penn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Nicho. Carew, Sir Tkom. Meres, Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir Robert Mi*. Weld, Mr. Scawen, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Swynfen, Mr. Wright, Col. Birch, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Steuard, Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Waller, Mr. Coleman, Sir -

ton, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the Impeachment; and to search into Precedents, in relation to the Suspension of Members from Sitting whilst they are under Impeachment; and report it to the House.

PersM to Ordered, That Sir Roger Sir Thom. Tydidi-

attend. man, and Mr. Cuttance, who w ere to attend this Day, do attend the House on Tuesday next.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, IT 1668.

Pica tilts'.

Leave of fiRDERED, That Sir Phillip Musgrave have the

Absence. Leave of this House to go into the Country, to

attend his Majesty's Service.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Matter of the Breach of Privileges objected against Robert Snell, for arresting the Servant of Mr. William Jay, a Member of this House; and proceeding in Replevins, whilst he is here attending; be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to die House: And all Persons concerned are, upon Summons* to attend the Committee.

A Petition of the Merchants* and Inhabitants of the State of Town of Dartmouth was read. Trade;

.Resolved, See. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Petition of the Merchants and Clothiers in and near the City of Exeter was committed; to take this Petition into their Consideration; and report it, with their’Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Mr. Fouler be read Fowled* Tomorrow Morning. Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool Trade, Wool be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill, whole - - - - upon the Bill concerning his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports, that the Committee had made some further Progress in the Bill concerning his Majesty’s Supply.

The House being informed, that Sir John Harman was Misrarring* attending at the Door, to give an Account of the Mis- of the War. carringe, in- slacking Sail, and not pursuing the Dutch Fleet, in the Year 1660, contrary to the express Order of his Royal Highness the Duke of York; and that Captain Cox and others were also at the Door;

sit* John Harman, Captain Cox, and several others, were called in; and examined: And Mr. a

Member Of this House, being heard in his Place; and further Time being desired, on his Behalf, to give his Answer to the Evidence and Matters objected against him; and the Matter, as to Sir John Harman, being debated;

Resolved, &c. That Tuesday next be given to Mr. Brunckard, to make his further Answer.

Resolved, Scc. That the Serjeant at Arms do apprehend Sir John Harman, and bring him in Custody, in order to his further Hearing.

Ordered, That the Cause upon the Bill concerning I.yndsey Lyndsey Level be further heard on Monday next in the Level. Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 18* Aprilis, 1668.

Privilege —

Libellous

Publication.

Tiylot’s

Estate.

Sir W m. Penn’s Impeachment.

Aulnage

Duty.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning Throp the Bookseller of Chester be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine, arid report it, with their Opinions therein to the House: And they are to take it into Consideration at their next Meeting: And all Persons concerned dre to attend the Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Execution of a Trust for Payment of the Debts, and providing for the younger Children, of Richard Taylor Esquire, deceased, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to enable the Execution of a Trust for Payment of the Debts, and providing for the younger Children of Richard Taylor Esquire, deceased: And Sir Richard Francklyn is to cany up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw Up the Impeachment against Sir Penn do meet in the Speaker’s Chamber this Afternoon at Two of the Clock

Ordered, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling the Duty of Aulnage be read Tomorrow Morning.

18 0

ABI L L on the Behalf of Mr. Fowler was read the Fowler’* Second time. Estate.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Lord Anci'am, j r «-

Mr Weld, j *» I*'®". 59-

Colonel Williams, j , N ,6

Mr. Spry. )for U JNoes’ 3°'

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Brampston, Colonel Sir James Thyn, Sir John Heath, Sir Roger Bradshaigh,

Sir Jeffeiy Shackerley, Mr. Ratclffe, Si Sir

Clifford Clif ton, Sir Wm. Whitmore, Sir Adam Browne,

Sir Nico. Carew, Mr. Bamaby, Lord Richardson, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Moreton, Sir Solo. Sioale, Mr. Street, Sir John Goodrich, Lord Ancram,

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Hobby, Clarke, Colonel Williams, Mr. Hum fry Cornwall, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Sir Wm.

Portman, Mr. Morice, Sir Fran. Col. Birch, Mr.

Milward, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Air. Weld,

Air. Crouch, Sir Richard Outeley, Air. 'Morice, Air]

Chetmn,

i'9 Car. II.

i.8a — 20a JprUis.

Chetwin, S\r Fret chvile Hollis, Mr. Vaughan, Mr Col. Gilby, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Rigby, and all the

Membeis that serve for Cheshire, Shropshire, and Staffordshire: And to take care, that the Interest of Sir Thomas-G'(Acer, and Sir Richard Temple be not prejudiced: And that Mr. Vaughan be of the Committee: And it is recommended to him to take care of tins BusinessAnd they are to meet on Monday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

privily, Ordered, That John Wih for his Breach of Privilege, in entering and turning the Tenants of the Lord Ntubourgh, a Member of this House, out of the Possession, whilst the Lord Newbourgh is attending the Service of this House, be summoned to attend the Committee of Privileges on Thursday next; to whom the Matter is referred, to examine the Breach of Privilege, and report it to the House: And to take it into their Consideration on Thursday next: At which Time the said JVrenhamis to attend.

Muring Ordered, That the Bill to reduce Interest be read on

kerest. Monday Morning.

Anigap The Question being put, That the Bill Qf Aulnage be Duty. now read;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Lord Newbottrah. 1 , v

Lori Am, for the Yeas, 60.

Lord Richardson, j r XT

Sir Jo.Dmcombe, j for *e Noes> 79-

And so it passed in the Negative.

fool Trad*. Ordered, That the Bill against transporting of Wool be read on Monday Morning next.

Privilege. Ordered, That Reynold Serjeant at Mace at

Maxfeildin the County Palatine of Chester, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Breach of Privileges in arresting Edward menial Servant to Sir FoullceLucy; and that Edward be discharged of his Imprisonment.

Mdding Resolved, See. That the Bill for the better rebuilding Udou. of t|ie City of London be now read.

The Bill for the better rebuilding of the City of London was read the Second time.

A Petition of James Best; and another of Selby; were tendered to the House.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Sir Jo. Duncombe, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Steward, Sir John BMr. Buscawen, Sir Richard Browne, Sir John FrMr. Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Thom. Mr.

Sir Clifford Clifton, Col. Sandys, Mr. Sir Thom.

Ckrgis, Mr. Scaxcen, Mr Seymou Col.

Birch, Mr. Morice, Mr. Burnaby, Sir Edw. Sir

Sic. Steward, Sir Wm.Thompson, Mr. Sir Jo.

Ikath, Sir Charles Harbord, Col. Mr.

Sir Jo. Korihcote, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Carcw,

Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Pepis, Sir Walter Young, Lord FitzWilliams, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Robert Brookes, Dr.

Burwdl, Sir Wm. dowdy. Sir John Knight, Lord St-. John,

Mr. Rigby, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir Geo. Air.

DanielI, Sir lien.Herbert, Sir Sir

Rue, Sir James Thyn, Lord Gorge, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

1)mdsnvll, Mr. Dennis, Sir Maurice Berkley, Mr. Morice,

Sir P/ii/l, Warwick, Mr. Thomas, Col. Legg, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Raddiffe, Sir Gilb. TalSir

Mr Henley, and all the Members that serve for the City

of London: And all that shall come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Star Chamber: Anti to send for Persons, Papers,

Vo i. IX.

and Records: And to cause Noticeto be given, of their Sitting, in the most publick Places of the City, that all Persons concerned may come in, and be heard.

Resolved, &c. That the House do on Monday next sit Irish Land to hear the Cause upon the Petition of the Adventurers Adventurer*, of Lands in Ireland, the First Business; and no other Business to intervene.

Resolved, See. That the Bill for his Majesty's Supply Supply Bill; by an Imposition on Wine and Brandy be proceeded in Wide Duties, this Afternoon. c"

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act concerning Jurors. Jurors was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second lime on Tuesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

AN Act for the better securing of a Portion of Five Lady Savilfs thousand Pounds to and for the I^tdy Francis Portion,

an Infant, Daughter of Thomas late Earl of deceased* out of Part of the Estate of James Earl of Sussex, also an Infant, in pursuance of the Will of the said Thomas Earl of Sussex, was read the f irst time.

Resolved, Scc. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the supply, whole House, upon the Bill concerning his Majesty’s

Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Steward reports, that the Committee had made some further Progress in the said Bill; and humbly moved, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the w;hole House on Monday next in the Afternoon.

Resolved, See. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Monday next in the Afternoon, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill concerning his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Whonrood's the Committee to which the Bill for vacating a Decree Estate, for Alimony was referred; viz. Mr. Herle, Mr.

Mr. Gold, Mr. Weld, Mr. Nasworthy, Mr. Mr.

Marvell, Mr. Thomas.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Eight of the Clock.

Die Lutue, 20° Aprilis, 1668.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Matter of Breach of Privi- Privileg*: lege complained of on the Behalf of Sir Thomas Dolman, in being summoned to appear at the Heralds Court, w hilst he is attending the Service of this House, be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Resolved, Sec. That Thomas Cme and John Battell, Ditto. Serjeants at Mace, who arrested # Mowbray the Servant of Sir John Bennett, a Member of this House, knowing her to be his menial Servant, and taking her out of his House, be, for their Breach of Privilege, sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; and that the Arrest be suspended, and the said Mowbray be discharged.

The

Aulnage

Duty.

Irish Land Adventurers.

Lady

Savins

Portion.

Admissibility of a Witness.

84

20

O

21

Aprilis.

A. 1668.

The Question being put, That the Bill for settling the Duty of Aulnage be now read;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Lord Newbourgh,

Lord Hawley,

Lord Fits Williams, \

Sir Jo. Holland,

| for the Yeas, 74.

for the Noes, 70.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill, sent from the Lords, for ascertaining the Duties of Subsidies and Aulnage was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read the Second time;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Gilbert Talbott, "1 r

Sir Norton Knalchbdd, |fot,l‘e'm' 4<i-

Lord Richardson, 1 r \r

Sir John Holland, } for the Noes’ ,49‘

And so it passed in the Negative.

The House then, according to former Order, resumed the Hearing of the Cause upon the Petition of the Adventurers for Lands in Ireland:

And the Parties complaining, and Counsel on both Sides being called in; and the Petition read;

Mr. PerianPoole, offered as a Witness on the Behalf

of the Petitioners, was objected against, being a Forty-nine Officer: Which being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate thereof be adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better securing of a Portion of Five thousand Pounds, to and for the Lady Frances an Infant, Daughter of Thomas late Earl of Sussex, deceased, out of Part of the Estate of James Earl of Sussex, also an Infant, in pursuance of the Will of Thomas Earl of Sussex, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solom. Swale, Lord Angler, Lord St.John, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Charles Ha Sir Gilbert Gerrard,

Colonel Williams, Sir Wm. Portman, Sir Robert Carr, Lord Fits Williams, Sir Jo. Brampston, Sir Thom.

Gower, Lord Filzharding, Sir Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Pryn, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Thomas Allen, Lord St. John, Sir Coventry, Mr. Humbden, Mr. Rigby, Sir Edm. lTind-ham. Sir Jo. Talbott, Sir Jo.Birkenhead, Sir Wm. Fleet-wood, Col. Birch, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Adam Browne, and all the Members that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House proceeded in the Debate (adjourned) concerning Mr. Poole'sbeing admitted a Witness.

The Question being put, That Mr. Poole be admitted a Witness;

The House was divided:

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Mr. Weld,

Mr. Whoiwood,

Sir Fran. Clarke,

Mr. Plcydall.

The Parties and Counsel on both Sides being then called in; the House proceeded to the Examination of the said Mr. Poole, and several other Witnesses, on the Petitioners Behalf.

The Petitioners tendered the Speech of Sir Audley MervinSpeaker of the House of Commons in Ireland, dated the Thirteenth of February 1667, to be read in this Cause; which being objected against; the House debated the same.

Resolved, &c. That the said Speech shall be read.

Resolved, &c. That the further Hearing of this Cause be adjourned till Thursday next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned till To- Committees, morrow Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 21° Aprilis, 1668.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the House do sit Tomorrow i,ymjsey in the Afternoon, to hear the Evidence touching Level. Lyndsey Level summed up.

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act concerning jaror*. Jurors was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bid be committed to Sir Thomas '

Goxcer, Sir Jo. Moreton, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir

Brampston, Mr. Crouch, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Alalet,

Sir Jo. Frederick, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Rigby, Sir Robert Long, Sir John Heath, Mr. Dowdesxcell, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Mr. Otway, Colonel Reames, Sir Iiollis,

Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Robert Brookes, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Nasworthy, Mr. Ilerle, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Pepis,

J Mr. Ratcliffe, Mr. Ford, Mr. Elliott, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come shall have Voices: And are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for abating Interest; the Bill Reducing for the Navy Creditors; and the Bill for ordering the Accounts of Administrators; be read in Order as they stand.

A Bill against the Exportation of W ool was read the Preventing First time. Export oi

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Wool. Thursday Morning.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning the Persons in Custody for Exportation of Wool be referred to the Committee appointed for Advance of Trade, and to prevent the Exportation of Wool; to examine the Matter, and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Walker and Tat ham, at whose Suit, Privilege, and by whose Order and Directions a Subpoena was taken out against Mr. Hardees a Member of this I louse, to appear in the Court of Chancery, and answ er a Bill there, whilst he is attending the Service of this House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, to answer the Breach of Privilege.

;.w3i

f-r;

X. v* '

ii'-ri

..Li"!

.it. - - ’ .'v;'

ut *iv -a!

A

’ ' s.

iff j

for the Yeas, 79. for the Noes, 77,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller, Sir Geo. Downing, Rebuilding Sit Jo. Duncombe, Sir Robert Long, Sir Denham, Sir London. Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Jo. be

added to the Committee to which the Bill for the better rebuilding of the City of London w as committed.

A Bill for the better levying of Monies payable to the Money

indigent loyal Officers, w as read the First time. received for

; ,nd‘g«t Ordered, Officer*.

."* 1

<i:9; *'' -N

(s'.

tr

bjCar. II.

1

entr;

)fU

L

'0

it. -1 0‘

0<f

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday Morning next

SirW.Penn’s Sir Robert Howard reports from the" Committee ap-

imp«ch- pointed to . draw up an Impeachment against Sir Wm. ment. Penn, several Articles of Impeachment, of High Crimes and Misdemeanours committed by him: Which he read in his Place.

He also reports a Precedent, in the Case of Sir Gyles Mompeson, 27 Feb. 18 And the Articles, and Precedent, being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, are as followeth; viz.

Articles of Impeachment by the Cdmmonsof England assembled in Parliament, in the Name of themselves and of all the Commons of ‘England, against Sir Penn Knight, One of the now Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, for several High Crimes and Misdemeanours committed by him.

I. WHEREAS in or about the Month of September, in the Year of our Ix>rd 1665, the Golden Phoenix, and the Slothany, Two Ships belonging to the Subjects of the United Provinces of the Netherlands, were taken at Sea as Prize, during the late War, by his Majesty’s Fleet, under the Command of Edzo Earl of; in which said Fleet the said Sir Wm. Penn was then Vice Admiral,

and Commander in Chief next under the said Earl, in the actual Pay and Service of his Majesty: He the said Sir Wm. Penn did, contrary to his Allegiance and Duty, Commission, and the Articles of War established by an Act of this present Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign that now is (intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navy, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea) and other good Laws of die Land, for his singular Lucre, and with Intent to share the same, did conspire and advise with several Persons to open the Holds of the said Ships, divers and sundry times, before Judgment thereof first passed in the Admiralty Court; and from thence took out and im-bczzledgreat Quantities of rich Goods; whereby his Majesty was defrauded to the Value of One hundred and Fifteen thousand Pounds, or thereabouts; besides great Quantities of Jewels and other rich Commodities, of which no certain Estimate can be made.

II. That the said Sir Wm. Penn, in pursuance of the said Conspiracy, did, on or about the Fourteenth Day of the said Month of September, repair on Board the said

Prize Ship the Slothany, in the Company of Sir Wm. Berkley, then Commander of his Majesty's Ship the

Swift Sure, and Vice Admiral to the White Squadron, commanded by the said Sir Wm. Penn-, and did then and there give Order and Command unto Captain Robert Worden (unto whose Charge the said Ship the Slothany was then committed) to follow such Directions as he Should receive from the said Sir Berkley: Who immediately thereupon caused the Hatchways of the said Ship to be broke open; and took out of the said Ship several Bales of Silk, Mace, and other Goods, to a great Value, and carried them away; and afterwards, at several other times,’caused the Hatchways of the said Ship to be broken open, after they were closed, and sealed up; at every of which times, he took and carried away great Quantities of rich Goods; he the said Sir Wm. Penn having sent several Men on Board the said Ship the Slothany to assist the said Sir Wm. Berkley therein.

III. He the said Sir Wm. Penn got a considerable Part of the said Goods into his Possession, and'converted them tq his own use; and, on or about the latter End of the said Month of September, of the Beginning of Qolpben then following, did sell divers Parcels' of the £#1 Goods;. and, further, warranted the Sale thereof.

IV. The better to colour the said Fraud and Embezzlement, Orders were obtained from the said Earl of Sand-

Date the Fifteenth and Twenty-first of Sep-Iffthfr 1665, for the taking and distributing of some Part 9f the said.Goods among several Officers, whereof the YouIX.

said Sir Wm.Penn was one, and had a great Proportion

thereof allotted to him, submitted (as was pretended) to his Majesty’s further Pleasure; although he the said Sir Wm. Penn very well knew,' that the said Orders of him

the Earl of Sandzvich were void, aftd contrary to the

Commission of the said Earl, the Articles of War, and the Lawof this Land: And afterwards a Warrant, dated the Seventeenth of October 1665, was unduly procured from his Majesty, for distributing the said Goods; whereas, in truth, he "the said Sir Win. Penn had, before the said Warrant of his Majesty, possessed himself of divers of the said Goods, and sold and warranted the same, as in the third Article is expressed: And further, did take, sell, and dispose of a far greater Quantity of Goods, than was contained either in the Orders of the said Earl of Sandwich, or his Majesty’s said Warrant, to the Value of Two thousand Eighty-five Pounds, or thereabouts.

All and every of which Proceedings are contrary to the Articles of War above-mentioned, and to the Laws of the I.and, and of dangerous Consequence and Example, if unredressed.

And the said Commons by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any other Accusation or Impeachment against the said Sir Wm. Penn; and also of replying to the Answer of the said Articles, or any of them, or of offering Proofs of the Premises, or any other Impeachment or Accusation that shall be exhibited by them, as the Case, according to the Course of Parliament, shall require, do pray, that the said Sir Wm. Penn may be called to answer the said several Crimes and Misdemeanours, and receive such condign Punishment as the same shall deserve; and that such further Proceedings may be upon every one of them had and and Justice.

used against him, as is agreeable to Law

" February 27. 18 of King James.

" Resolved, &c. '1 hat Sir be called

in to the Bar; and Mr. Speaker let him know the Pleasure of the House, That, for his Offences and Faults, he shall, for the present, remain with the Serjeant; who is required to keep him safe, at his Peril."

The Articles of Impeachment were again read.

The first Article of Impeachment was read the Second time; and the Words " the Earl o upon the

Question, omitted; and the Words " with several Persons" inserted; and the Words " the said Sir ’

inserted, was, upon the Question, agreed.

The second Article was read the Second time; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the said Articles of Impeachment against Sir Win. Penn be ingrossed.

Resolved, That Sir Wm. Penn be suspended from sitting in the House, whilst the Impeachment against him is depending.

Resolved, 8cc. That die Committee to sit this Afternoon, and search Precedents touching die Suspension or Expulsion of Members impeached, from sitting.

The House then resumed die further Consideration of the Miscarriage in the Year 1665, in slacking Sail and not pursuing the Dutch Fleet, contrary to the express Order of his Royal Highness.

Sir John Hannan, being called in, delivers his further Answer and Testimony in Writing: Which was read.

Mr.Brunckard being, by Order of the House, to attend this Day, to make further Answer to the Evidence and Matters objected against him, in persuading and pretending to bring Orders from his Royal Highness to slack Sail, in the Year 1665, contrary to the express Orders given by his Royal Highness himself, in Person; and Mr. Bfoihckard absenting himself, and being not to be. found near the House;

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Bruncdiard, for his Contempt in not attending and giving in his further Answer to the

Y Evidence

Sir William suspended, pending Impeachment.

Precedents of

Suspension,

&c.

Miscarriages of the War.

A Member expelled-

86

ai° — 22° — 23°

A. 1668.

Evidence and Matters objected against him this Day, ac- Ordered, That all Committees, which were disconti-cording to the Order of the House, made at his own nued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places Request, and in his Favour; but waving the Justice of formerly appointed, the House; be expelled from being a Member of this

Committee*.

Mr. Brunckard impeached.

House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Member, in the stead of Mr. Brunkard, to

serve for the Cinque Port of New Rum

Sir John Harman was called in; and examined to some Questions.

Captain Cox was called in; and examined to some Questions.

The whole Matter being debated;

Resolved, 8cc. That Sir John Harman be discharged of his Commitment to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, &c. That this House is satisfied, that Mr. Brunckardis guilty of bringing pretended Orders from his Royal Highness to Sir John Harman, commanding the lowering the Sails in the June Engagement ib6s.

Resolved, &c. That the bringing these Orders to Sir John Harman was one Cause of the Non-prosecution of that Victory.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Brunckard be impeached for this Misdemeanour: And it is referred to the Committee formerly appointed, that drew up the Impeachment against Sir IVm. Penn, to prepare and draw up the Impeachment against Mr. Brunckard.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of this Matter be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jc/vis, 23° Aprilis, 1668. Prayers.

Afil LL to prevent the Refusal of Writs of Habeas Habea* Corpus, was read the First time. Corpus.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning, the First Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievance do sit on Committee

of Grity-ancs.

A Bill on the Behalf of the Navy Creditors, was read Navy Debt*, the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill touching Reversions of Offices, Reversion* brought in this Day, be read on Monday Morning next, of Offices,

Committee*.

Ordered, That all Committees, Afternoon, be adjourned.

that were to sit this

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling the Adminis-Accounts of Administrators, was read the First time. traiors' Resolved, See. That the Bill be read the Second time AcCl, UIlt3* on Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Reducing

Interest.

Die Mercurii,22° Aprilis, 1668.

Prayers.

ABIL L for Abatement of Interest Money, was read;

and debated.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Debate of the Bill for Abate-Momina JextreSt foamed Mond^ ME Buscawen, Sir Jonath.Trelcnmy, Sir

A Bill for the further Relief and better collecting of Money the Monies due to the indigent loyal Officers, was read received for the Second time: And several Debates arising, as to the indigent making Provision, in the first place, for such as have not ° ieer*‘ yet had any Share in the Monies; and to add Commissioners, or to appoint other Commissioners instead of the Commissioners of Accounts; and several other Matters;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Colonel Phillips, Sir Lane. I,ake, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr.

Sir Jo.Talbott, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Jo. Fits James,

Sir Jo.Brampston, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir

John Moreton, Lord Fitz Williams, Mr. Pepis, Sir

Habeas

Corpus,

Ordered, That the Bill touching Writs of Habeas Corpus tendered to be read, be read Tomorrow Morning the first Bill.

fee.

Supply Bill; The House then resolved into a Committee of the WineDutiis, whole House, upon the Bill concerning his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Stezvard reports from the said Committee that

Hen. Newton, Sir Jo.Bennett, Mr. Dr.

Sir Thom. Woodcock, Lord AngSir Gill). Gerrard, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Thom. Goxcer, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir

Jo. Emly, Sir Humjry Wynch, Sir Heath, Mr. Mcr-

vell, Sir Geo. Probert, Mr. King, Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir Thomas Dyke, Sir Edm. Pooley, Col. Whitley, Sir Thom.Higgons, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Roger

Sir Jo. Northcote, S\r Thom. Clergis, Sir Massey, Sir

Edm. Windham, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Mr.

Lucy, Mr. Seymour, Sir Jo.Covett, Col. Reames, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir Walter Young, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Jo. Coventry, Mr. Sir

they had gone through the Bill, and had made several fgl SMa-ly, Uv. lVMr, I/>rd fimstae Sir Anjk.

Amendments, Additions, and Alterations, thereunto; and * to constder of the Debates, and o

, ’, r ., n’ , . , ’ . , . bnng in the Bill amended as they firtd Cause: And to

humbly moved from the said Committee that he might mJat Twft nf thp r,nrIf in th/Aftprnnnn in thp W

report the same to the House on Friday Morning next.

Resolved, 8cc.That the House doth agree with the

Committee, that the Report, with the Amendments to

the Bill concerning the King’s Supply, be reported to the

House on Friday Morning next

meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Star Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Preventing Export of-

Lyndsey

Level.

Preventing Export of Wool.

Resolved, &c. That the summing up of the Evidence in the Cause concerning Lyndsey Level, be made on Tuesday Alorning next at Ten of the Clock, nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee formerly appointed to prevent the Exportation of Wool, to take the Examinations of the Persons now in Custody for transporting of Wool; and report the same to the House.

A Petition from the Merchants and Clothiers of the Town of Plimouth, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the parti- Wool‘ cular Committee appointed for Advance of Trade, and to prevent the Exportation of Wool; and that the Petitions from the City of Exeter, and Town of be re-

ferred to the same Committee, to take the several Petitions into Consideration; and report the Alatter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Persons that gave an Account here Dean, of the State of the Case as to Deane Forest, have Leave Forwt. to attend the Lords; and that his Majesty’s Counsel, or 35 other

19 Car. II*

23° — 240 Aprilis.

8?

Commissioners of Accounts.

iji

Hi

Address for wearing English Manufactures.

ni?.

vDu-i

ers:»j

lift:,

Mis-

Ml

ier

Mr.

:ent

cn.

other Members of this House, that are of the Long Robe, have Leave also to attend the Lords, in Defence of the Bill concerning Deane Forest.

Ordered, That Sir Nicho. , Sir Robert Carr,

and Sir Robert Brookes, or any Two of them, do repair to the Commissioners of Accounts, to know of them, whether Sir George Carterett has brought in such Accounts to them as are clear, and satisfactory; if not, wherein the Accounts are defective, and what Exceptions they have against the Accounts.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir JVm. Glascock:

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed to the Votes of this House, concerning the wearing of our own English Ma-/ nufacture; and that the King is to be attended therein,

I Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Attemoon, at Whitehall: And the Lords have therefore appointed Twelve of their Number, and desire this House to appoint a proportionable Number to join with them, to attend his Majesty accordingly.

Ordered, That these Members following be joined to attend his Majesty Tomorrow; viz. Sir Charles bord, Lord Fitz Williams, Sir Jo. Sir Edm.

Windham, Sir Robert Brookes, Mr. Rigby, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Hen. Capell, Lord Vaughan, Sir James Thyn, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Solom. Col. Birch, Sir Jo.

Talbott, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Russell, Sir Nicho. Came, Sir Richard Braham, Lord Cavendish, Sir Humfry Wynch, Lord Cranbourne, Sir Tho. Carey, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir John Strode.

IruhLaud The House then proceeded to the further Hearing of

Adventurers, the Cause upon the Petition of tire Asiventurers for Lands in Ireland.

A Copy of the Conception under the Great Seal of Ireland, for the Act of Explanation, offered to be read.

The Question being put, That the said Conception be read;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Mr. Seymour,

Sir Nico. Carew,

Sir Jo. Brampston, j r XT Sir Jo. Bird, head, j for the Noes’

And so it passed in the Negative.

Suppressing

Conventicle*

The House then proceeded to the further Hearing of In*h Land the Cause upon the Petition of the Adventurers for Lands Adventurer*, in Ireland; and heard Council, and examined several Witnesses, both on the Behalf of the Petitioners, and the Commissioners for Claims in Ireland.

Resolved, &c. That the further Hearing of this Cause be adjourned till Wednesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 24° Aprilis, 1668. Prayers.

MR. Crouch reports from the Committee, to which the Bill for Continuance of an Act to suppress seditious Conventicles, w-as committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee: Which he read, and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, See. That the House do proceed on the Report.

The Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso for taking Distresses for Fines imposed, and not paid, was twice read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

T he Question being put, that the Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Jonalh. Trelawny,

Col. Williams,

Air. Mallctt,

Mr. Street,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

1.

J

for the Yeas, 124. for the Noes, 58.

for the Yeas, 75.

98.

Mr. Secretary Alorice delivers in a Message from his ^cssaSe Majesty in Writing: Which being read, is as followeth; ^oum-8

ment.

viz.

VtP

The House then adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post M

A BILL, on’the Behalf of Dr. Chamberlaine, to im-Nivijition. prove the Art of Navigation, was read the Second time. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Sir Charles

Harbord, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Crouch, Mr.

Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Sir Jo. Knight, Col. Williams, Mr. Roberts, Gower,

Sir Thom.Allen, Sir Robert Brookes, Mr. Sir Lane.

Lake, Sir Charles Cottcrell, Mr. Andrew Newport, Sir Humfry Wynch, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Sir JVm.

Thompson, Mr. Buscawen, Col. Phillips, Mr. Robarts, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Buller, Col. Sir Lowther,

Sir Jo. Trott, Sir Jo.Goodrich, Mr. Rouse, Sir Hollis, Col. Whitley, Col. Sandys, Sir JVm. Fleetwood,

Mr. Bartue, Mr. Herle, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr.

Sir Fran.Goodrick, Lord Hawley, Mr.: And

they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

bpeach* act ot

ita

Resolved, &c. That the Articles against Peter Pett be ingrossed.

Vol. IX.

HIS Majesty, by His former Message, thought fit to acquaint you, that He intended the present Session of Parliament Should determine on Monday the 4th of May:

But, finding that the Proceedings in many important Businesses, now under Agitation, would be lost, if there Should be a Cession; and that many things, not yet foreseen, may happen to induce him to call you together again before Winter; hath now thought fit to acquaint you, that He intends only an Adjournment for about Three Months; and desires you therefore to perfect the Bill for Supplies, and such others as may be made ready by the said 4th of May, so that he may then give His Royal Assent to them before the Adjournment.

Given at the Court at Whitehall the 24 of April,

1668.

A Bill to prevent the Refusal of Writs of Habeas Cor- Habeas pus, was read the Second time. Corpus.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Seymour, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Fran. Goodrick, Sir Edm. ham, Mr Steward, Mr Rigby, Sir Sir

Robert Carr, Sir Jo.Strode, Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Crouch,

Lord Richards , Sir Robert Brookes, Sir Jo. Covett,

Col. Reames, Mr. Dawdeswell, Sir H Wynch, Sir

Talbott,

88

5° AprUis:

1668-

SirW.Penn’s

Impeach*

ment.

Talbott, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Prideaur, Mr. Ptyis, Sir Jreports from the Committee, to conine’g.Ac.

Mr. Westphaling, Serj. Mainard, Mr! Dowdeswell, Sir which the Bill for N aturalization of John Conine and others, Nat. Thomas Lee, Col. Reames, Sir Jo. Moreton, Sir Norton was committed, that the Committee had carefully perused

Kndtchbold', Sir Edw. Massey, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Jones, the Bill; and examined the Certificates of the several Per-

Sir Solorh. Swale, Sir JVm. Gawdy, Sir Jo. Heath, Sir sons concerned, which were produced; and, were satisfied

Charles Harbord, Lord Angler, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. to all but to Three Persons, viz. who

Progers, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Jo. Monson, Sir was gone to Sea, and did not send any Certificate;

Fretchvile Hollis, Sir Clifford Clifton, and all the Mem- cis de Lix, who could not produce any Certificate; and bers of this House that are of the Long Robe: And Theodore Jacobson, whose Certificate was not regular.

Upon Consideration whereof, the Names of those Three Persons were, upon the Question, ordered to be omitted.

Resolved, &c; That the said Bill of Naturalization be ingrossed.

they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment against Sir fV)m. Penn, were read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

L.

Ordered, That the Clause of special Recommendation Fowler’*

Resolved, &c. That the Articles of Impeachment against to Mr. Vaughan, in the Order for Commitment of Mr. Estate

im 1D.. ~~J ..m ~_J .1! I 4- a r'/vw CLmuDill b Za-a._ J J TV L ~ J

Clerks of the House.

Sir JVm. Penn be carried up, and delivered at a Conference with the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard do go up to desire a Conference with the Lords, in relation to the Articles of Impeachment against Sir JVm. Penn.

A Petition of the Under Clerks and Officers attending the House, being tendered to the House;

Ordered, That every Knight of the Shire do pay Ten Shillings, and every other Member of the House Five Shillings; and that all that made Default in former Payment, do pay what is in Arrear to Mr. Marsh, who is

The House to sit tomorrow.

Supply Bill.

Impeachment of Sir W. Penn.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Fowler's Bill, be omitted, and Mr. Vaughan discharged of it, and added to the Committee at large, as others are.

Resolved, &c. That a Message be sent to the Lords by Sir John Moreton, to put the Lords in mind of the Bill for better collecting the Duty of Hearth Money; being a Matter of great Weight and Consequence, and the Sitting but Short.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir JVm. Glascock and Dr. Crofts;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have returned you the Bill

Hearth-money Tax.

Horton

appointed to collect the same, to be distributed by Mr. to confirm an Agreement between JVm. Paston Esquire, Iuclo8ur*-Speaker to the Clerks and Under Officers. ..... —

Resolved,

Morning.

&c. That the House do sit Tomorrow

Lord of the Manor of Horton, and the Tenants of the said Manor, for an Inclosure of Part of the Wastes of the said Manor, for the Preservation and Growth of Wood and Timber; with some Amendments, and a Proviso:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill, concerning the They have sent you down another Bill, intituled, An Lucy's King’s Supply, be heard the First Business Tomorrow Act for Confirmation of the Settlement of the Estate of Estate. Morning; and no other Business to intervene. Sir Kingsmill Lucy Baronet, in the said Act mentioned;

and for transferring over some other Parts of the real Sir Robert Howard reports, that the Lords had agreed Estate of Sir Richard Lucy Knight and Baronet, deceased, to a present Conference with this House, in the Painted from Francis Lucy Esquire: To which they also desire Chamber. your Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Mr. reports from the Committee of the whole Supply Bill;

Seymour, Mr. Coleman, Mr. JVeld, Mr. Vaughan, Sir House, to whom the Bill for the King’s Supply, was com- Duties, Nicho. Carew, Mr. JValler, Sir Walter Young, Sir mitted, several Amendments, Additions, and Alterations,

Humfry JVynch, Sir FretchvileHollis, Sir Tho. Littleton, agreed by the said Committee to be made to the Bill: Which

be appointed to attend the Conference with the Lords. he read in his Place, and after delivered the same in at the Sir Robert Howard, reports that he had delivered in Clerk’s Table: Which being read; and all the Amend-the Articles of Impeachment against Sir JVm. Penn to ments, to the Amendments, Folio 2, Line 9, being twice

fi

Earl of Sandwich,

the Lords, at the Conference.

Sir Robert Brookes acquaints the House, that himself, and Sir Nicko. Carew, according to the Order of the House, had attended the Commissioners of Accounts; and received from them their Exceptions to the Accounts of Sir George Carterett in Writing; as also an Extract out of their Journal, of some Proceedings concerning his Accounts: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the present Debate concerning the Earl of Sandwich be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 25* Aprilis, 1668. Praters.

for the Yeas, 75. for the Noes, 74.

Privilege*

read; were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The said Amendment, Folio 2, Line 9, being debated; The Question being put, that the Word " Brandy" stand in that Amendment;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Mr. Weld,

Mr. Neale,

Sir Jo. Mainard,

Sir Geo. Downing,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, to agree to the whole Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this House proceed in the Amendments in the Bill for the King’s Supply, on Monday

RD E RED, That the Matter of Abuse and Breach of Privilege complained of, on the Behalf of Sir Gilbert Gerrard to be committed by Wm. Carr, in aspersing Sir Gilbert Gerrard for suborning of a Witness, and in de- Morning, terring and taking off Witnesses, be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine, and report the Matter Ordered, That the Committee formerly appointed to Proceedings to the House, with their Opinions therein^ inquire into the Method, Order, and Proceedings of this of the Ho

' ' House,

Lady

Savile’s

Portion,

Fowler's

Estate.

Privilege — a person dis-cbr5ed from Custody.

Leigh's

Estate.

Committees,

Deeping

Itt.

Lncy’s

Lute.

Privilege — dispersing a Paper at the Door.

Adminis-

trators

Accounts.

Preventing F.\riort of Wool.

S'ipniy Bill; Wine Duties, &c.

19 Car. II. 250 — 270 — 28° Jprilis. 89

House, be revived, and do search into Precedents in what Cases the Yeas and the Noes are to go forth; and to report the same to the House.

Ordered, That Major General Egerton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Bartue, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for securing of a Portion of Five thousand Pounds to the Lady Frances Savile w as committed.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill concerning Mr. Fouler was committed, be revived; and do 5it this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 27° 1668.

Prayers.

DESOLVED, See. That John Dauson and Robert Also]), now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege committed by them against Col. Kirkby, a Member of this House, be discharged of their Commitment, paying their Fees.

Mr. J fountaguereports from the Committee to which

the Bill for conlirming a Contract for Sale of Lands to pay the Debts of Mr. Leigh was committed, that the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment therein.

Ordered, That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee concerning Caron House, and all other Committees which are discontinued, be revived.

Sir Humfry Wynchreports from the Committee, some

Amendments, with a Proviso, agreed to be made, and added, to the Bill concerning Deeping Fen: Which he read; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: And the Amendments and Proviso were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for Confirmation of the Settlement of the Estate of Sir Lucy Baronet,

was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A printed Paper being dispersed at the House Door, in the Name of some of the indigent loyal Officers; aspersing several Members of this Blouse; and the Proceedings of the House itself;

Resolved, See. That it be referred to the Committee to which the Bill concerning the indigent loyal Officers was committed, to examine, in the first Place, who was the Author, Printer, and Publisher of that Paper; and report the Matter to the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning Administrators, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill against the Exportation of Wool be read the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

The House then proceeded to the Amendments to the Bill for the King’s Supply, by an Imposition on Wines, Brandy, and Strong W aters: And several of the Amendments being twice read, and some Alterations made at the Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

A Debate arising upon the Amendment to the Second Line of the Thirteenth Folio, concerning Searches in the Houses of private Persons; and how the King may be secured against Frauds; and the Subjects against unneces-Vol. IX.

sary Searches; the Amendment and Debate was postponed.

A Debate arising upon the Thirty-second Paragraph, Folio Twenty-six, Line Six;

The Question being put, That the Clause be laid aside;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Nicholas Careie, 1 r Sir Than,. Alien,) For ,he Yeas’ +1'

Col. Kirkby, 1 p , N R

Sir Jo. Birkenhead, / ’ ° '

And so it passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments in the Papers of Amendments, except such as are postponed, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

The House debated the Clause to be added to the End of the Bill, to prevent W ine or Strong W ater being twice charged.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to consider of the said Clause, and to amend the same, if they think fit: And the said Committee are to prepare and bring in a Clause upon the Amendments postponed, for securing the King against Frauds; and the Subjects against unnecessary Searches: And they are likewise to prepare and bring in a Clause, for making of the Commissioners for levying of Monies upon this Bill, to be accountable to the Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts; and also for laying an Imposition on Wines and Brandy at the Custom House, for making up the Supply to his Majesty, in case the same be not raised within Two Years on the Imposition upon the Retailers: And they are also to prepare and bring in a Clause for making such Persons as shall swear falsely upon this Bill, to be guilty of Perjury, according to the Statute of 5° Mr.

Steward, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Jo. Sir

Coventry, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Suynfen, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Seymour, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Robert Car, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Thom. Meres, Col. Birch, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Nicho. Mr. Comptroller, S'wThom. Littleton, Mor ice; or any Five of them:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to proceed in the aforesaid Matters to them referred, notwithstanding the Sitting of the Committee of Grievances; and make the Report Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees before w hom any private Business is depending, be adjourned, except the Committee to which the Bill concerning Mr. Fowler is committed; wffio are to sit Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

O7 O

Die Mortis, 28° 1668.

Praters.

TOASTER le Clere, born at Mounteire in J~j now the W ife of James Palmer, did this Day take the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker at the Clerk’s Table, in order to her Naturalization; and a Certificate of her receiving the Sacrament was produced and allow ed: And she wras ordered to be inserted into the Bill.

Ordered, That Easter Palmer, alias le Clere, he inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

A Bill against Exportation of Wool was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir

Williams, Sir Maurice Berkley, Col. Williams, Sir Jo. Fagg, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Barnaby, Lord Angler, Mr.

King, Col. Reames, Lord Fanshaze, Col. Sandys, Sir

Thyn, Lord Hollis, Sir Jo.Rolls, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. Dr.

Z Sir

Committees.

Preventing Export ot Wool.

9°

28° — 290

A. t668.

Lucy’*

Estate.

Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Hobby, Mr dresse, Mr. Weld, Lord Richardson, Mr. Hen. Coventry,

Sir Thom. Dyke, Sir Richard Browne, Mr. Pepis, Col. Gilby, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Gilbert Mr.

Mil-ward, Sir Jo. Pelham, Sir Geo. Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Elliott: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for Confirmation of a Settlement of the Estate of Sir Lucy, was read

the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. George, Col. , Sandys, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Wm.

Sir IVm. Coventry, Lord Fanshaw Sir Jo. Heath, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Jo. Talbott, Mr. Coventry, Sir Jo.

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Weld, Sir John Moreton, Sir Peter Killegrexo, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Maurice Berkley, Sir

John Duncombe, Sir Robert Long, Col. Reanies, Sir Jonath. Trelawny, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir Mr.

Onsbw, Mr. Gold, Sir Robert Mason, Sir Thyn, Mr.

Lucy, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Sir Gilbert Mr. Buscawen, Sir Richard Francklyn, Sir Mr. Progers: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of die Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to hear what shall be offered on the Behalf of the Landlords: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

| For the Yeas, 92. j. For the Noes, 100.

Tellers,

Sir Nicho. Carew,

Mr. Hambden,

Sir John Mounson,

Mr. Musgrave,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso was tendered, and read; for depriving Persons twice convicted of the Benefit of the Act of Indemnity.

The Question being put, That this Proviso be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso was tendered; to wave the Execution of the Act in Places where there are no Ministers or Churches.

The Question being put, That this Proviso be read:

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Henley,

Mr. Ratel

Importing Timber, &c.

Fowler’s Estate.

\V ho r wood's Estate.

j- For the Yeas, 144.

j- For the Noes, 78.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Continuance of a former Act to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles: And that Sir Jonathan Trelawney do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Irish Business appointed for To- Irish Affairs, morrow be adjourned to Friday, and that the House do sit that Day.

Resolved, &c. That the House do Tomorrow Morning Supply Bill; proceed on the Amendments to the Bill for the King’s Supply, the first Business.

A Bill for Supply of Timber, and other Commodities to be imported for Shipping, and Rebuilding of the City of London, was tendered.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of Mr. Fowlers Bill be

heard Tommorrow' Morning.

Sir Thomas Gouer reports from the Committee to which the Bill to reverse a Decree made against Brome Whorxcood Esquire, on the Behalf of his Wife for Alimony, was committed, that the Committee were of Opinion, that the Act for Confirmation of judicial Proceedings doth not comprehend the Order touching Alimony; and had returned the Bill without any Amend- is committed, do sit Tomorrow

ment.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be ingrossed.

'r;«

,;f:

>»'

A

: d

yil

jail

e:f

y.\

>1

c-.li

i'.iifl

:A

:A

,;JS ;.:!»

;.C Ci

iriflt

u

r: Ts

i'v.-

F.;.

Or.

hi

Ordered, That all Committees, except that for the Bill Committee*, t: concerning the City of London, be adjourned. I

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill con- hucy’s

Estate.

Morning Seven of the Clock.

Monies due Sir Charles Ilarbord reports Amendments, and a Proto the Crown. viso, agreed by the Committee to which the Bill for the better answering of Monies due to the Crown was committed: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

Suppressing An ingrossed Bill for Continuance of a former Act to Conventicles, prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles, was read.

A Proviso relating to Roman Catholicks, w as tendered, declaring the Act to be intended against them; and once read: But it being debated, whether that Proviso were proper for the Bill;

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read the Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Brooke,

Sir Tho. Doleman,

Sir Jonath. Trelawny,

Sir Clifford Clifton,

69.

| For the Yeas,

j. For the Noes, 84.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, to put the Laws in Execution against Papists, was read;

And a Debate being, that this Proviso was not consistent with this Bill;

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read the Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went out.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercur'd, 29° A1668.

Praters.

TJENRY Regnier did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization: And a Certificate of his receiving the Sacrament was produced, and allowed: And he was ordered to be inserted into the Bill.

Sir Maurice Berkley reports from the Committee to Lucy’s which the Bill sent from the Lords, for Confirmation of Etlate. a Settlement of the Estate of Sir Kingsmill Lucy was committed, that the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and heard what could be offered on the Behalf of the Lord Sandys; and had returned the Bill without any Amendment.

The Bill was read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to; and the Bill returned to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Ashdawne Forest Ashdowne be read the First Monday Sevennight after the Meeting Forest, &c. of the House after the Recess.

Ordered, That the House do sit this Afternoon, for Deepinj Dispatch of private Bills; and that Deeping Fen Bill be Fen. the first read.

The

19 Car. II.

29° Aprilis-

91

Pririlege —

dispersing a Paper at the Door.

The indigent loyal Officers having put in their Peti- Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for a Breach

tien and Submission, for their Paper, dispersed at the Door: Which being read; the House did remit their Offence: But the Committee are to proceed in Examination of the Matter, hqw the Paper came to be printed, and by whom it was printed.

Supply Bill; Wine

Duties, &c.

The House then received the Report, from Colonel Birch, of the Amendments and Clauses agreed by the Committee to be further made to the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply:

And the first Paper of Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

A second Paper concerning the Oath to be taken, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The third Paper of Amendment, relating to Searches, was twice read:

The Question being put, That this Amendment be agreed to;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The fourth Paper of Amendments, brought in from the Committee, for making Provision in the rest of the Matters directed by Order of the House, was Twice read.

The first Paragraph of the Paper, for making the Commissioners for levying of Money upon the Bill, to be accountable to the Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts, was read the Third time: And a Question

of Privilege committed by them, in arresting John Butler, Bailiff and menial Servant to Mr. Herbert, a Member of this House; and that the said Butler be released from his Imprisonment.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better draining of Deeping Deeping Fen, in the County of Lincolne, w as read the Third time. Fen‘

A Proviso on the Behalf of Millicent Ogle, Widow, was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Provisoes agreed to, do pass: And the Title shall he, An additional Act for the better draining of Deeping Fen, in the County of Lincolne.

A Bill for enabling Trustees to make Leases for Pay- Stanley’s ment of the Debts, and providing for the Children, of Estatei Sir Charles Stanley, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Col. being upon the Charges of collecting the Duty, and an Kirkby, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Solon. Swale. Sir A nth. Allowance to be made for That; Irby, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Sir Sir

Resohed, Scc. That wheresoever the Sum of Three Thom. Mr. Lord Lord

id-.

anstd

CVS

hundred Thousand Pounds is mentioned in the Bill, it be made Three hundred and Ten thousand Pound throughout the Bill.

Ordered, That it be inserted after "Interest" in the several Places of the Bill " at the Rate of Six Pound per Centum."

Ordered, That these Words, " in reference to the Accounts in the said Act mentioned" be inserted.

The second Paragraph, for declaring and certifying the Account, was read the Third time:

Resolved, See. That this Paragaph be agreed to.

Thethird Paragraph was read the Third time:

Resolved, 8cc. That these Words " with such Allowances" be inserted in this Paragraph: Which w as done: And some other Amendments were made to this Paragraph at the Table.

The fifth Paragraph was read; and the Word " Fanner" omitted; and the Words " Customs or such other Persons" inserted.

The last Paragraph w as read the Third time:

Resolved, See. That this Paragraph be agreed to--

Sir Wm.

Perm’s Impeachment.

A Message from the Lords,

and Sir John Coell;

by Sir JValter Littleton

Ancram, Sir JValter Young, Mr. Henley, Mr. C'hcyne, Sir

Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr.

Mountague, Lord Angler, Mr. Thom. Morice, Sir Gilbert

Gerrard, Sir RogerBradshaigh, and all the Members of

this House that serve for the Counties of York,

Nottingham, and Lancashire: And they are to meet on Friday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee to which Supply Bill; it w’as referred to prepare and bring in a Clause for Pe- ^ne F>utles’ nalties on such private Persons as Should conceal the Wines of Retailers, to defraud his Majesty, a Clause agreed by tire Committee for that Purpose: And, having read it, did deliver the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Proviso, for abating the Tenth Part to the Retailers, for Lees, Leakage, and other Losses, was twice read; and, on the Question, agreed to.

A Debate being for preparing a Clause, for issuing the Monies to the Uses for which it is intended;

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Clause, for keeping these Monies in

Mr.Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Copy the Exchequer distinct from all other Monies; and that

of Sir Wm. Pern's Answer to the Impeachment sent up by this House against him. — —

Supply Ml; The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter Pw Duties, Upon tj)e Qauge in the twelfth Sheet of the Bill, as to so much as did relate to Searches in the Houses of private

JKJi

the Money shall be issued for setting out of a Fleet this Summer; and in paying of Seamen in this Expedition; and to no other Use and Purpose whatsoever: And that it be referred to Mr. Vaughan, Sir Sir JVm.

Coventry, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Thom. Littleton, Col.

Mr. Mr. Seymour, Sir' Geo. Downing, Sir

Persons: And the House being of Opinion, that private T Mr. Wren, Sir Robert Howard, Sir

Mens Houses Should not be searched, without Leave; and yet that a Coarse Should be taken, that they Should not conceal Retailers Wines in their Cellars or Rooms, to defeat the King of this Duty;

Resolved, Ac. That it be referred to the Committee appointed to bring in the former Clauses, to bring in a Clause, for Penalties on such Retailers as do not make true and full Entries of all such Wines as are in their own Hands, or in the Hands of any other Persons to their Use: And also on all such private Persons as shall liar-

Carew, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. H eld, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Musgrave, or any Three of them, to prepare a

Clause against Friday Morning.

Some other Provisoes being tendered;

Resolved, See. That the House do proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill concerning the Supply, the first Business on Friday Morning.

King's

Privilege.

Ordered, That the Business touching the Adventurers Irish Land for Lands in Ireland\ be heard next alter the Bill for the Adventurers, bour or conceal the Wines of any Retailers; and of a King’s Supply is dispatched, on Friday next, if Time Reward to such as shall make the Discovery of it: And w ill serve.

Sir Robert Brookes is added to this Committee.

And then tire House adjourned till Friday Ordered, That Henry Truclock, Joseph Trnelock, and Morning, Eight of the Clock.

William Turly, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Vox.. IX.

92

2° Mail.

X

A. 1668.

Die Veneris, 1* Mail, 1668.

Pra

YERS.

Fowler’s

Estate.

Supply Bill; Wine Duties, &c.

MR. Street reports from the Committee to which the Bill for enabling Mr. Fowler to receive the Rents and Prufits of certain Lands in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, during the Infancy of Francis was

committed, some Amendments agreed to be added to the Bill: Which being twice read; and, upon the Question, ageed; but it being moved on the Behalf of Sir Richard Temple, who is concerned in point of Interest, that he might be heard at the Bar, before the Bill passed;

Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple be heard by his Counsel at the Bar of this House, as to his Claim in the Estate mentioned in the Bill concerning Mr. Fowler, on Monday next.

Mr. Vaughan reports from the Committee appointed to bring in a Clause to be added to the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply, a Clause agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place, and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which was twice read: And an Amendment, as to such who shall lend Money on the Credit of the Act, to be repaid it with Interest gratis, and w-ithout any Fee, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to be added, in the last Line of the Third Folio, after the Word " other."

The Question being put, That the Word " Summer" shall stand in the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, 8cc.That the Word " Year" be added in the Bill: and that " 1668" be also added.

Resolved, That the Proviso, amended, be made Part of the Bill.

A Proviso was tendered, and read; for fixing a Part of the Revenue arising by Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, for setting out a Fleet every Year.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read the Second time.

93-

| For the Yeas,

| For the Noes, 134.

The House divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Lord Cavendish,

Mr. Russell,

Lord Torrington,

Lord Cranborne,

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Proviso for a Peny in the Pound only, to be allowed to the Treasurer of the Navy, for receiving and paying the Monies, wras twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Proviso, tending to this Effect, that the Duty shall cease when the Money is raised, though it be within Two Years, was tendered, and once read; and laid aside.

A Proviso to exclude Members of this House from being Commissioners, was read.

The Question being put, That this Proviso be read the Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso relating to the Vintners, was read; and laid aside.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Provisoes and Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Committee#. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Cause concerning Lindsey Level; and no other Business to intervene.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee ap- Exporting pointed by Order of the 17 of February, to take Con- Wool, sideration of the Petition of Stephen Stringer and other Clothiers, touching the Exportation of Wool; and the Case of IVm. Falcon and Matthew Marsh, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for transporting of Wool; the Resolves of the Committee:, are as lolloweth;

That William Falcon and Matthew now in

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for transporting of Wools to Newport in Flanders, and other Places, have been guilty of that Offence, as appears by sundry Examinations taken and certified by the Mayor of Dover, and others; and in Part by their own Confession.

That the said Offenders be sent to the Lord Chief Justice of the King’s Bench; to be proceeded against according to the Law in that Behalf; and that the said Examinations be delivered over to his Lordship for that Purpose.

But he declared further to the House, that, as to Mat-there Marsh, though he were found guilty, yet the Offence objected against him was a Year and half since; and without the Reach of the Law; and that he was a poor Husbandman^ and drawn in to give his Help upon the Promise of len Shillings, which he never had: But that Falcon was the principal Party criminal and concerned.

Ordered, That Matthew Marsh be discharged from his Commitment to the Serjeant at Arms, paying moderate Fees, as Mr. Speaker shall direct.

Ordered, That IVm. Falcon, found guilty of the Offence in transporting W'ool, be transmitted to the Lord Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, to be proceeded against according to the Law' in that Behalf; and that the Examinations be delivered over to his Lordship for that Purpose; and that the said Falcon, paying his Fees, be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Aningrossd Bill for Naturalization of John Conine and Conine’s, &c others, was read. ^at:

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing of John Conine and others: And Sir John Brampstonis to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That when any Persons come to be natura- Oaths to be lized hereafter, they do first take the Oaths of Allegiance taken J»y and Supremacy in the House, after the Speaker takes the Chair, according to ancient Form.

Ordered, That the Business concerning Mr. JVhoruood Whonvood’s be taken into Consideration on Monday Morning. Estate.

Ordered, That the Answer of Sir Penn, and the Sir Wm. Matters of Impeachment against him and others, do sue- Penn’s Im-ceed, to be taken into Consideration, next after the Bill P«ackmem-for the Kings Supply is dispatched.

The House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Lindsey

Ltvel.

Sabbati, 2° Maii, 1668.

Praters.

RDERED, That the First Tuesday of the Meeting of the House, after this Adjournment and Recess, be appointed to proceed in the further Hearing of the

Post Meridiem.

THE House met: And the ingrossed Bill for raising Supply Bill; of Three hundred and Ten thousand Pounds, by an Wine Duti«-Imposition upon Wines and other Liquors was read. &Ci

Resolved, &c. That the Blank in the Bill, for the Title, be filled up with these Words; An Act for raising of Three hundred and Ten thousand Pounds, by an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors.

And some other Amendments being agreed and made to the said Bill, at the Clerk’s Table;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising of Three hundred and v

Ten thousand Pounds, by an Imposition on IViries and other Liquors: And Col. Birch is to carry up the Bill to the Lords. v

The

-U

ProBega

Privilege.

Lords to be rein mded of Ms.

I Crown ! Ud>

Monies doe

to ibc Crowu.

( Sitting of

| ti.e ...iuse

! pillowed.

' Pr.viloge — LleJous Iwliuaoni

hs Li it

Ml b)

lUu..

's()k

ute.

: \\z

0^' Privilege,

Horton

closure.

fcikge,

19 Car. II.

4* Mail.

93

The House being informed, that Sir John by

his Servants, had seized upon some Tin belonging to Mr. Ford, a Member of this House; and entered upon his Tin-work during his Attendance in Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That the said Sir John Stowell be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy; lor Breach of the Privilege of this House, in taking the said Tin-work belonging to Mr. Ford a Member of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

John Stoyle, alias Stowell, do stand; but that the Ser-

jeant at Arms be at Liberty to take Security for his Appearance at the next Meeting of the House after this Recess.

A Petition of several Merchants trading in Spirits made Spirits and of Wine, commonly called Brandy, was tendered. Win* Trade.

Ordered, That the Petition be read Tomorrow Morning; and that the Petitioners and Farmers do then attend, to be heard by Counsel, at the Bar of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Die Luna, 4° Maii, 1668. * ——

Praters. Post Meridiem.

f\RD ERED, That the Committee of Privileges ORDERED, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lady Savile’a do sit this Afternoon, and report the State of trie Lords, for raising of a Portion for the Lady Francis Portion.

Matter as to the Breach of Privilege in the Case of Sir Savile, be read, with the Amendments, the Third time,

Wm. Smith, Tomorrow Morning. Tomorrow Morning, the First Business.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch, when he carries up the Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning Sir Stanley’s

Bill to the Lords for the Three hundred and Ten thousand Charles Stanley be read Tomorrow Morning. state*

Pounds, do put the Lords in Mind of the Bill for Continuance of the Act against Conventicles; and also of the The Answer of Sir Penn to the Impeachment, Sir Wm.

Bill for the better collecting the Duty of Hearth-money. sent up against him to the House of Lords, was read. Fean’s Im-

The First Article of Impeachment, and the Answer Peaclunen

Ordered, That Sir Charles Harbord do make his Report of Sir WPenn thereto, were read, concerning Lands alienated from the Crown, Tomorrow The Second Article of Impeachment, and Sir Morning. Penns Answer thereto, were read.

The Third Article of Impeachment, and Sir A Bill for the better Payment of Monies due to the Penns Answer thereto, were read.

Crown was read. The Fourth Article of Impeachment, and Sir

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And the Title Penn's Answer thereto, were read, shall be, An Act for the better Payment of Monies due Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for-to the Crown: And Colonel Birch is to carry up the merly appointed to bring in an Impeachment against Sir Bill to the Lords. Wm. Penn, to consider of the Articles of Impeachment,

and the Answer of Sir Penn, and the Evidence Mr. Secretary Morice acquaints the House, that it was from the Committee of Accounts; and to draw up a his Majesty's Pleasure, the House Should sit a Day or Replication upon the whole Matter, to be sent up to the two longer for Dispatch of the publick Business. Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue a Warrant of Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Summons to Cooke, Clarke, and Grey to attend the Privileges to w'hich the Matter touching Thropthe House on Wednesday Morning, to answer their Failure Bookseller of Chester was committed, to examine several and Contempt, in not attending the Committee of Pri-Letters written by Robert Clavell to the said Throp, that, vilege upon the Summons to them directed, upon Examination of the whole Matter, the Committee

were of Opinion, that Clavell was the Occasion of Throp'sWhereas Sir Roger Cuttance, and his Son ~\lr.Cut lance, Serjeant at publishing the Intelligence contained in those Letters, were, by Order ol Summons, to attend this House, at a Arms‘ and reflecting upon Mr. Secretary Mot'ice; it appearing Day long since past: And the Duty of the Serjeant at that Clavell was never Servant to Mr. Secretary Morice;Arms attending this House being to send a Messenger or that ever he had any Relation to him. with that Order, and other publick Orders of like

And the said Clavell and Throp having acknowledged Nature; and having made Default; but acknowledging their Offence; and submitted themselves to the House; his Error and Mistake therein; and craving the Pardon and also to Mr. Secretary Morice; who, being content of the House; the House did remit this Offence: But to remit the Offence against himself; and moving the y ordered, that the Serjeant at Arms do, at his Peril, take may be discharged: And it being affirmed to the House, care to discharge his Duty better for the future, that Clavell, for this Miscarriage, is turned out of his

Employment in the Post Office: Ordered, That these Persons under-named be sum- persons to

Ordered, That, upon the Motion of Mr. Secretary moned to attend as Witnesses in the Matter appointed attend.

Morice, Throp and Clavell be remitted of their Offence, to be heard Tomorrow Morning, upon the Petition of and discharged of their further Attendance. the Merchants trading in Spirits of Wine, commonly

called Brandy; vis. Richard John Wadder,

Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Pri- Fran. Heath, John Ruston, John Ezcick, John Finer, vilege the Case of Mr. Scareen;That the Committee, Francis Soame, John Reeves, Jeremy Seaton, Rich, upon the Examination of the whole Matter, were of Walten,

Opinion, that Edward and John Herne were not guilty of

any Breach of Privilege; and ought to be discharged. Sir Lanc Lake having, by Writing, delivered in Privilege

under his Hand, waved the Advantage of an Order of waved.

The Amendments sent from the Lords to the Bill on the Fifth Day of March last, made on his Behalf, for the Behalf of Wm. Paston Esquire, were twice read; Stay of Proceedings in an Action brought by Sir Francis and, upon the Question, agreed; and the Amendments Roll Knight, against the Tenants of the Manor of Ashcot read the Third time. and Northlead in the County of Somersctt, the House did,

Ordered, That Mr. Steward do carry back the Bill, by his Consent, order that the former Order be set aside, with the Amendments, to the Lords.

Articles of Impeachment against Peter Pett, ingrossed, impeach. Otderei, That the Order made for apprehending Sir were read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to: ment of Vox- IX. Aa ' And ?e«-

ji

i,

4# — 5° Mail. 1668.

Anti the Title of the said Articles, and also the Close of them, being altered, and some Additions made thereto; the Title, and Close, and Prayer of the Articles, were as followeth; viz.

Articles of Impeachment, by the Commons of England assembled in Parliament, in the Name of themselves and of all the Commons of England, against Peter Pett Gentleman, late one of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, for several High Crimes and Misdemea1-nours committed by him.

All and every of which Crimes and Misdemeanours are of dangerous Consequence and Example, if unredressed.

And the said Commons, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any Time hereafter, any other Accusation or Impeachment against the said Peter Pett; and also of replying to the Answer of the said Articles, or any of them; or of offering Proofs C»f the Premises, or any other Impeachment or Accusation as shall be exhibited by them, as the Case, according to the Course of Parliaments, shall require.

And do pray, that the said Peter Pett may be called to answer the said several Crimes and Misdemeanours, and receive such condign Punishment as the same shall deserve: And that such further Proceedings may be had upon every one of them, and used against him, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

Which were again read;

Resolved, &c. That the whole Articles, as now amended, be agreed to: And that Mr. George Weld do carry up the Articles of Impeachment against Peter Pett, to the Lords.

Srunckard’s Ordered, That Sir Robert Brookes do bring in the Impeach- Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Brunckard, To-nient- morrow.

Rebuilding Mr. Steward reports from the Committee to which the London. Bill for better Rebuilding of the City of London was committed, several Provisoes, Amendments, Additions, and Alterations agreed to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That this Report concerning the City of London, be proceeded in Tomorrow Morning the first Business: And that the Hearing of the Matter upon the Petition of the Merchants trading in Spirits made of Wine, commonly called Brandy, appointed for Tomorrow Morning, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 5* 1668.

Pha.yers.

Privilege. flRDERED, That Thomas Knapper, Anthony

Cooke, and Abraham Selfe, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege against Sir James Thyn,a Member of this House, having submitted, be, upon the Motion and by the Consent of the said Sir James Thynn, discharged of their Commitment, paying their Fees.

Lady Savile’s An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the better Portion. Securing of a Portion of Five thousand Pounds, to the Lady Frances Servile, an Infant Daughter of Thomas late Earl of Sussex, out of Part of the Estate of James Earl of Sussex, also an Infant, in pursuance of the Will of the,

said Thomas Earl of Sussex, was read a Third time, with the Amendments made by this House; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass; and be returned to the Lords: And Sir Adam Browne is to carry up the Bill.

Stanley’s Colonel Kirkby reports from the Committee to which £»tau. the Bill, sent from the Lords, for enabling Trustees to

make Leases for Payment of the Debts, and making Provision for the Children of Sir Charles Stanley, an Amendment agreed to be made, by the Committee, to the Bill: W'hich he read: And the Amendment was twice read; and, on the Question, agreed; and, the Bill, with the Amendments, read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill with the Amendments do pass: And that Colonel Kirkby do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Edw. Thurland, Manage of Sir John Mainard, Mr. Mountague, Mr Mr. Conference.

Vaughan, Mr. Solicitor, Mr Waller, Sir be appointed to manage the Conference to be had with the Lords.

The House then resumed the Copsideration of the Rebuilding Amendments reported from the Committee to which the Bill for better Rebuilding the City of London was committed: And the several Amendments were the First time read.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the

Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

A BILL for Recovery of Monies charged upon Offices yet in Arrear to his Majesty, was read the First Arrear. time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House did then proceed to the Consideration of Rebuilding the rest of the Amendments to the Bill for the better London. Rebuilding the City of London.

And the several Amendments, Clauses, and Alterations to the Bill, precedent to the Three Clauses to be added at the End of the Bill, were read a Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The First of those Clauses, marked N* l, and Letter A, relating to give Power for enlarging Streets to Eighteen Foot Breadth, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That this Clause be agreed to;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Clause, marked Letter B, N* 2, wa* postponed.

The Third Clause, marked C, was twice read; and, on the Question, agreed to.

Another Clause was tendered; relating to the Recompence to be made to such whose Grounds Should be taken away; and the Means of Recovery: And the Words " or Market Place," upon the Question, agreed, and inserted into the Clause, and the Blank filled up with " Twelve."

The Question being put, To agree to this Clause;

It passed in the Negative.

The Clause, marked B, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Proviso, for such as would build their own Grounds at the Exchange, was twice read: And these Words, "and with the like Materials, and at the same time," upon the Question, agreed, and inserted: And the Proviso, as amended, was agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

A Proviso touching the Ground belonging to the Prison of the Fleet, was tendered; and, upon the Question, rejected.

A Proviso tendered, for making Provision for publick Wharfs, was read the First and Second time.

The Question being put, That these Words "the Old. Wardrobe" be left out of the Clause;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

The House was divided.

The Yeas wrent forth.

Tellers,

f -

'j I'1'

A-' ’

%, V

vj: ,\i

‘Jr.

J.

ft L’ a 1 IT-:' . tin

si: !r

t ‘jif ( 'Cn.A

iY*<; j

K- '

*be

J

V1' 1,

J

Vi g:.

l.

19 Car.JI*

Tellers,

Sir Robert Carr,

Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Crouch,

Sir Charles IVheeler,

5° — -6° — 70 Mali.

95

j. For the Yeas, 32. J For the Noes, 23.

Li*

JuTon's

Esate.

\rrti.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Proviso for referring of it to the Justices of the Kings Bench, Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, to judge and determine in all Cases wherein the Lord Mayor, or any Aldermen of the City may be concerned, was read the First and Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be agreed to, and made Part of the Pill.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till To-ttiorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii,6* Mail, l6‘6'8.

pRA YEKS.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for enabling of Sir JVm.Juxon, Executor of the last Will of

the late Archbishop of Canterbury, to recover Part of his Estate, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass; and the Title be agreed to: And Sir John Birkenhead is to cany back the Bill to the Lords.

Prmhje — The House being acquainted of a great Abuse, Scandal, Refection on and Aspersion, cast upon Sir Gilbert Gerrard, a Member of this House, by one JVm Carr, charging him with Tampering with one Captain and others, pre-

tended Witnesses in a Cause depending between the said Carr, and the Lord Gerrard; and endeavouring to take off their Testimony; it being averred, that Captain Axeberry, upon Discourse, had utterly denied

it: And the Matter being debated;

Resolved, &c. That this House is satisfied, that the Information given out against Sir Gilbert Geirard, a Member of this House, for endeavouring to take off one Mr. Awberry, a pretended Witness in a Cause depending before this House, between JVm. Cai'r and the Lord Gerrard, is scandalous and untrue.

Ordered, That alter the Matter of Jurisdiction and

a Member.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mmdeford Supply Bill* Brampston, and Mr-. Procter; Wine Duties;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to c' acquaint you, that they have agreed with this House in the Bill for raising of Three hundred and Ten thousand Pounds, on Wines, Brandy, and other Liquors.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Petition of tlii Spirit* and Merchants trading in Spirits made of Wine, commonly Wine trade, called Brandy; setting forth, that the Farmers of the Excise demand Eight Pence the Gallon for the Excise thereof, whereas there is but Four Pence the Gallon due, and do sue and prosecute the Petitioners before the Commissioners of Excise, thereby to deprive the Petitioners of the Benefit of Juries; be heard at the Bar of this House, the First Monday of the Meeting of the House after the Recess.

Ordered, That Charles Durdant, now in Custody of Privilege — the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach a Person of Privilege committed against Sir Hollis, be pr‘*^iarge<1

discharged of his Commitment, and released, paying his Fees.

The ingrossed Bill for the better Rebuilding of the Rebuilding ‘ City of London was read; and some Amendments and London. Alterations agreed and made thereto at the Table.

The Question being put, To omit the Clause in the Bill, for Confirmation of the Allotments already made by Staking out the Street next the Thames;

The House divided.

The Y eas went out.

Tellers,

Sir Lane. Lake,

Mr. Pepis,

Sir Thom. Lee,

Sir Charles Jf rheeler,

| For the Yeas, 33.

1

For the Noes, 23.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Charles Harbord delivered Two Accounts; one,-of Grants in Fee, or by long Leases from the Crown, since the Twenty-fifth of March 1640: Another, of an Account of Leases granted by the Crown since the Twenty-fifth of March 1640.

A Proviso for registering Deeds and Leases, relating to the City of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be read the Second time.

Privilege, now depending between the Lords and this Which was accordingly read; and laid aside.

House, is ended, the Report in the Case of the Lord A Proviso for opening a Passage down to Old

Gerrard be assumed; and that Axeberry, and the other Alley, from Thames-street, to the Wharf, was read the Persons concerned, do attend. First and Second time; and laid aside.

Resolved, &c. That the Clause in the Thirty-third Committee»f Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges do sit this Skin of the Bill, for making the Fleet, and other Places, Afternoon, for Dispatch of the several Cases of the Lord publick Store Yards, be omitted.

Neiobourgh, Sir Geo. Probert, and Sir JVm. Smith. Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And the

Title shall be, An additional Act for the better Rebuild-Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up ing of the City of London: And Mr. Steward do carry Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Brunckard be re- up the Bill to the Lords, vived; and do sit this Afternoon: And that Mr Wright,

and Sir JonathanTrelawny be added to the Committee.

Privileges.

Branckard’s

Impwcb-

ns£QL

Wkwoodi

butt.

Privilege.

A Petition of Mrs. Jane JVhorwood, and a Copy of a Certificate of the Court of Chancery thereunto annexed, were read: And Mrs JVhorwood, being called in to the

Bar of this House, did own the Petition.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Bill of Mr. imd, and the Petition of Mrs. JVhorwood, be heard at the Bar of this House, the First Thursday of the Meeting of the House, after the Recess.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made in the Case of Mr. James Herbert, a Member of this House, for a Breach of Privilege, be enlarged; and that the Sheriff of the County of Kent be required to deliver John BittlerBaififf and Servant to Mr. Herbert, out of

Execution, and set him at Liberty.

Vo 1. IX.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 7* Maii, 1668.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Peter Pindar do attend complaint the Committee of Grievances, at their first Sitting against Sir after the Recess; and that the Committee do then pro- Pindar, ceed in the further Examination of the Matters objected against him: And John Brett is at the same time.. attend, to give what Evidence he can in this Matter.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant st Alban to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for Writ, electing a Member to serve for the Town of St. Albans, in the room of Mr. Jenings, lately deceased.

Information

9$

7° — Mail

A. 1668.

D>'

Privilege.

St. James’

Parish.

Information being given to the Hottse, that Robert Shelley, the menial Servant of Mr. Lionell Walden, a Member of this House, is lately arrested and detained in Prison, ki Breach of the Privilege of this House, in the Poultry Compter: Which Arrest was made by Wm. Salisbury Serjeant at Mace, and Francis Walker his Yeoman: And the House being satisfied that the said Robert Shelley is the menial Servant of Mr. Walden, and the Person chiefly employed in the managing his Affairs: Ordered, That the said Robert Shelley be discharged of his Imprisonment, and forthwith set at Liberty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to erect a Church, and make a Parish, in the Buildings in land near St. James' in the Fields, distinct from the Parish of St. Martins.

mittee htfd examined the Matter, and found, that the Right and Title to the Lands in Question, was in the Lord Netvbourgk; and that John Deacon, his Tenant,

was, in Breach of Privilege, turned out of Possession by John and Francis Wrenham: And that the Committee

were of Opinion, that they were guilty of the Breach of Privilege.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with . Committee, that John and Francis JVrenham are guilty of the Breach of Privilege objected against them; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take and detain them in Custody, till they shall yield up Possession, and perform what is in their Power to do, to restore the Lord Newburgh to the same Condition he and his Under Tenants were, before the Breach of Privilege committed.

i-c21

Irish Land Adventurers.

Bmnclcard’g

Impeach*

meat.

Ordered, That the third Monday of the Sitting of the Ordered, That such Persons as are now in Custody persons in House, after the Recess, be appointed for the further of the Serjeant at Arms, and have not been heard, nor Custody. Hearing of the Cause upon the Petition of the Adven- the Matters objected against them examined, have their

P*

turers of Lands in Ireland.

Articles of Impeachment against Henry Esquire, were read.

The first Article was read a Second time: And the

Adjourn-

ment.

Privilege.

Ditto.

Liberty, upon Security to appear next Meeting of the House; without paying Fees during the Time of Adjournment: And that such Persons as are in Custody, for taking Possession, or doing any other Act, in Breach of Privilege, when they have yielded Possession, and obeyed Articles being debated; and some Amendments being what is in their Power to perform, be released, on Security,

.1

:.l a

proposed;

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Robert A thy ns, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Rigby, Sir

Goodrick, Sir Frederick Hide, Sir Robert Brookes, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Wright, Sir Jonalh.

Trelawny, or any Three of them, to withdraw and bring in the Articles umended according to the Debates.

The Question being propounded, That a Message he sent to his Majesty, to desire him, that the Adjournment

without paying Fees during the Adjournment.

Information being given, that John Ward, and Waters, had caused a Subpoena out of the Court of Chancery to be left at the House of Sir Richard Oateley, a Member of this House, whilst he is attending the Service of this House, contrary to the Privilege of Parliament, and that further Proceedings in Law in this Cause be stopped, during this Session of Parliament. Ordered, That this Matter of Breach of Privilege, be

Privilege.

of the Parliament be for as long Time as his Majesty’s referred to the Committee of Privileges, to take the same publick Occasions will permit. ~ ~ - . - *>-- — '

The Question being put, That this Question be put;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Speaker asking the Opinion of the House, whether, the Adjournment being long, he ought to be attended with the Mace, and forbear to practise;

The Opinion of the House was, that he ought to be attended with the Mace, as in the time of shorter Adjournments.

A Report to be made.

Admini*

slrators

Accounts.

Ordered, That the Report of Serjeant Charlton be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for the due ordering of the Accounts of Administrators be read Tomorrow Morning.

into Consideration the first Saturday of their Meeting, after the Recess; and that the said Waters do lorbear any further Proceedings in the mean time.

Sir Robert Brookes reports the Articles of Impeach- Brunkard’* ment against Mr Brunkard, drawn up in pursuance of the Impeach-

Order and Direction of this House: Which he read in ment* his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; and the W'ords "Navy Royal" instead of "I leet," agreed to be inserted: And, with that Alteration, the

several Articles were, upon the Question,

agreed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the better Trials of regulating the Trial of Peers, was read the Second time. Peer*. The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read the Third time;

It also passed in the Negative.

Die Veneris, 8° Mail, 16C8.

P y j g

Sr tv r 1 rn u *. c n c A Message from the Lords, by Wm. Child and Sir

IR Job Charlton reports, from the Committee of

Privilege, the Case oi Sir George Probert; that the ‘ ^/speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac-Comrmttee had examined the Matter; and were of jnt £ intend to sit this Afternoon, at Opinion, there was a Breach of Privilege committed ^ree QJf the Clock; and desire you to do so too. against Sir George Pi obert:But that AndrezvNicholas 'she Lords have also commanded us to acquaint you, Preserving

was the principal Person concerned, and took upon him that t, have to the Bill for the Preservation of :~

the whole Business: And that the Committee were of XimberJiu Forest of Deane.

Opinion, that Andrew Nicholas was clearly guilty of the Breach of Privilege.

Lords intend to sit.

Timber in

Deane

Forest.

Ordered, That the said Andrew Nicholas be continued ip Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, until he shall give up Possession, and submit to perform, what is in his Power to do, accordingly; and that the other Persons in Custody, for their Breach of Privilege against Sir George Probert, be discharged of their Commitment.

Sir Job Charlton reports from, the Committee Qf Privileges, the Case of the Lord; that the Com-

20

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

SIR Thomas Meres reports from the Committee for Militm. inspecting the Act for the Militia, some Resolves of the said Committee; viz.

That

97

21 Car. II. 9° Maii. — l 1° Aug. — 10° 1° 19° Oct.

That the House be moved to make present Inquiry, what is become of the Three Months Tax given by this Parliament for the Use of the Militia, established by Act of Parliament; and that the several late High Sheriffs, or other Person or Persons who have received the said Tax,

o.r any Partthereof, do give a speedy Account how they have disposed of the same, or any Part thereof; and to whom, and by what Order; and what thereof remains still in their Hands.

Resolved, &c. That the House be moved to desire his Majesty to reimburse, according to Law, all such Per-, son or Persons who have laid out any Pay or Money for Duty done by their Soldiers in the last Year’s Service.

Die Sabba 9* Maii.

Praters.

;j leateof CiRDERED, That Sir Richard Temple have Leave

Absence. \J to g0 into the Kingdom of Trance, for Recovery of his Health.

Die Martis, 11° Augusti, 1668.

Praters.

THE House having, on the Ninth Day of May last, parliament adjourned to this Day; and his Majesty having, by further his Proclamation, signified his Pleasure, that there Should adjourned, be a further Adjournment unto the Tenth Day of ber next:

The House being met;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrants to 1)6 to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs to elect new Members to serve in the several vacant Places of Members dead or removed.

And the House, according to his Majesty’s Procla". mation, then adjourned till the Tenth Day o*

November next.

— ----- — -t-

j

Die Marl is, 10° Novembris, 1668. '

Monies due A Message from the Lords, by Sir Child and toiheCrown. Sir Just. Lewen;

4t Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed with this House in the Bill for the better Payment of Monies received to the Use of the Crown: And, to the Bill concerning Mr.

l mondesold.

Message to A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Usher

attend the of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him forthwith in his House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

Adjourn- Mr. Speaker reports, that his Majesty’s Pleasure was, Mb that the House be adjourned to the Eleventh Day of August next: And that his Majesty was pleased to declare, That if he could so order his Affairs, that his Two

Houses might forbear their assembling at that Time, w hen their being in the Country w'ould be so necessary for their private Occasions, his Majesty would give timely Notice, that they might spare their Attendance.

And the House did accordingly adjourn to the Eleventh Day of August next.

Prayers.

THE House having, on the Eleventh Day of August par];iment last, adjourned to this Day; and his Majesty have- further ing, by his Proclamation, signified his Pleasure, that there adjourned, Should be a further Adjournment unto the First Day of March next:

The House, being met,

Did accordingly adjourn themselves till the First Day of March next.

Die Mart is, 1° Die Ma1668.

THE House having, in Obedience to his Majesty’s Parliament Proclamation, adjourned themselves unto this Day, prorogued, and the House being met; his Majesty having by his Proclamation signified his Pleasure to prorogue the "Parliament until the Nineteenth Day of October next:

A Message being delivered to the House, by the Usher of the Black Rod, from the House of Peers; That the Lords commissionated by his Majesty were met:

Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up: And the King's Commission of Prorogation being read;

The House was prorogued until the Nineteenth Day of October next.

sol

M(ssag< to irand the tag,

Tin King’*

eri:"i Spt«b

sf! rtforui

1

st

Die Mortis, 19° Octobris, 1669- 21° Car. II. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from his Majesty, by Sir John Eyton, Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him forthwith in his House of Peers.

And accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, wrent up to the House of Lords, to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker reports from his Majesty, that being unwilling to mistake his Majesty in any thing that he did speak to the House, he had taken the Boldness to desire his Majesty’s Speech in Writing; and that his Majesty declared, that he had given Direction to the Lord Keeper to deliver what he had further to impart. Which Speech of his Majesty was read: And Mr. Speaker did declare the Effect of the Speech delivered by the Lord Keeper.

The Speech of his Majesty and the Lord Keeper’s being as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen;

I a m very glad to see you here at this Time; and I hope this will be a happy Meeting; for I have had great Experience of your Affection and Loyalty to Me, and Yol. IX.

am very confident of the Continuance of it. It is now almost a Year and a half since your last Sitting; and though my Debts have pressed Me very much, yet I was unwilling to call lor your Assistance till this time. What you gave me last, was wholly employed to the Navy, and that extraordinary l leet for which it was intended. I desire that you would now' take my Debts effectually into your Considerations. Something I have to propose to you, of great Importance, concerning the uniting of England and Scotland; but it w ill require some Length; and I have left that, and some other things, to my Lord Keeper to open them more fully to you.

My Lords, and You Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses,

of the House of Commons:

His Majesty, in his most gracious Speech, hath expressed his great Satisfaction in seeing you here at this Time; and his Hopes of a happy Issue of this Meeting. To obtain this, nothing can conduce more, than a good Correspondency and Union among yourselves.

He bath Reason to believe, that you all come with the same common Affections for the general Good; and therefore persuades himself, there will be no Differences between the Two Houses: But, if there Should be any such, he earnestly recommends it to you, that by your B b Moderation

190 Octobris. . 1669.

Moderation and Wisdoms, such Expedients may be Speech, and the Speech of the Lord Keeper delivered by found out, as may compose them; and that thereby no his Command.

Delay or Obstruction be to your other Proceedings.

His Majesty hath also desired you to take his Debts A Bill for the better regulating of Juries was read the Regulating effectually into Consideration. 1 need not mention to First time. Juries,

you the Uneasiness of his Condition with that Burden; Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time

nor the Inconveniences or Mischiefs which might fall on Thursday next.

I out, if he Should continue under it. It is not unknown

! to you that his Majesty hath been a happy Instrument, Ordered\ That a Committee of Elections and Privi- Committee of

by the Treaty at Ai.v, and by the Triple Alliance, to pro- leges be appointed of the Members lollowing; viz Sir Privileges.

; cure Peace between the Two neighbouring Crowns: The Lane, Lake, Sir John Aloreton, Mr. Mountcgue, Sir Job

securing of that Peace, wherein our own Peace is con- Charlton, Lord Cornbury, Sir Kdm.Jl indham, S\x rlhe mas

cerned, and his Majesty’s Reputation Abroad, will also Mceres, Solum. Sxcale, Sir John Ernly, Sir Allen lirod-

much depend upon your Kindness to him; and therefore rick, Sir John Duncomb, Sir Titian. Clifford. Col. Gilby,

he hopes, that you will consider of how great an Im- Sir jo. Knight, Sir Richard Iranchlyn, Mr. Fdxc. Seymour,

portanee it is at this Time, that his Majesty be enabled Col. Legg, Dr. Burxcttl, Col. llollis, Sir 1 horn. Froby,

to bear such a Part in the Affairs of Europe, as may con- Lord Fanshaxc, Sir James Smith, Sir ft m. Doyley, Mr.

; tribute most to his own Honour, and the Safety, Benefit, Jones, Sir Richard Hiseman, Sir Frail. Law ley. Sir

and Glory, of this Nation. Richard Everard, Mr. Bartu, Sir Richard Fowl, Col.

! Aly Lords, and Gentlemen; You may remember, Realties, Lord Torrington, Sir // in Coventry, Sir Allen

that upon his Majesty's Recommendation, An Act was Apslty, Sir Thom. Osborne, Sir 'Thom. Littleton, Mr.

lately made, for settling Freedom and Intercourse of Solicitor General, Sir Fhil. Musgrave, Mr. Otway, Col.

Trade between England ami Scotland; which was occa- Orey, Sir Jo. Rouse, Mr. Chichley, Sir IVm. Terringham,

sioned. upon Complaints of new Duties imposed, in each Sir Fretchvilchlotlis, S\r Jo. Cory ton, Sir Gilbert Gtrrard,

Kingdom,'upon divers Commodities, of the Growth, Pro- Mr. Garraxcay, Sir Jo. Frederick, Mr. Chetwin, Sir Thom.

duction, or Manufacture os toe other. liendy, Sir Robert Hoxcard, Sir James Thynri, Col. Mil-

According to this Act, Commissioners were appointed ward, Mr. Darcy, Sir Herbert Frice, Sir // in Kdlegrtw,

by his Majesty, for both Kingdoms, to treat upon that Lord Ancram, Sir I horn. Ingram, Mr. Nicholas, Col.

Affair; and they had several Meetings, which produced H hiiley, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Hugh H indham, Mr.

no Effect, unless it were a Conviction of the Difficulty, Coleman, Sir John Rolls, Mr. Jaye, Col. Sandys, Lord

if not Impossibility, of settling it in any other Way, than Hawley, Mr. Musgrave, Lord St. John, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

by a nearer, and more complete Union of the Two Ling, Sir Richard Brahmn, Mr. Glascock, Sir Jo. Birken-

Kingdoms. head, Sir Charles Cotterdl, Sir Ralph Bancks, Mr. Mo r rice.

His Majesty is fully persuaded, that nothing can tend John Heath, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. lien. Baynton, Sir

more to the Good and Security ot both Nations, than Thom. Strickland, Sir John Nicholas, Mr. Andrew Aexo-

such an Union; and finds, that his lloyal Grandfather port. Sir John Talbot, Mr. Finch, Sir 11 m. Thompson, Mr.

King James, of blessed Memory, w ent so far on towards Rolls, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Hungerjord,

this good Work, that, by Act of Parliament in the First kir Iran. I invent, Mr. Crouch, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr.

Year of , Reign, Commissioners were authorized to lloxcard, Sir 7horn. Tompkins, Sir Robert Horsley, Sir

treat and consult with Commissioners from Scotland con- Henry II ood, Mr. Codings, Sir John Daxcncy, Sir Jena.

cerning it. 7rcluwny, Sir John Coventry, Mr. Fhill. Sherrard, Mr.

And, in pursuance of their Treating, in the Fourth Daniell, Sir Charles Sidley, Lord I aughun, Sir John

Year of his Reign, an Act was made for the Repeal of Nupper. Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Frtigers, Mr. 7relaxnicy,

hostile Laws, and the Abolition of the Memory of Hosti- Mi'* Lucy, Sir John More ton, Mr. JHilward, Mr. Ratcliff e,

lity between the Two Nations: And after the End of Sir Waller Young, Sir Charles Jl heeler, Sir Jo. Stroud,

that Sessions, about the Seventh Year of his Reign, it Mr. Iulw. Aicho/as. Sir 7 horn. Smith, Sir Jo. Brarnpston,

was, by the Judges of all the Courts at Westminster Hall, Sir Richard Jla/cvcrcr, Sir 7 horn. Allen, Sir Urn. If hit-

solemnly adjudged in the Case of the post nati, that those cnore, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Mr. Robert Crooke, Sir Fhill.

who after the Descent of the Crown to King James, Howard, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Nicholas Cary, Mr.

were born in Scotland, were no Aliens in England; and Hm. Stanley, Sir If alter St. John, Mr. Fepis, Sir John

consequently were capable, not only of Lands, but all Lirwther, Mr. Marvin, Sir Robert AtkinsSir Fhill.

other Immunities, as it they had been born here. By Harwich, Mr. Danu/l Collingwood, Sir II m. Morley,

these Steps, so great an Advance hath been made towards Col. Stroud, Mr. lien. Whittaker, Mr. Love, Sir Nico.

this Union, that his Majesty w ell hopes, that w hat is yet Stuning, Sir Hm. Harvard, Sir Stephen Fo.v, Mr. Morris,

wanting to the perfecting of it, rmiy he now' accomplished; Mr. Greenvil, Sir John Cary, Mr. John Foxcell, Mr.

the Continuance under the same Obedience and Sub- 1 uughan, Sir Hen. Flickering, Mr. Charles Cornwallis,

jection, for near Threescore and Seven Years, having Mr. Brome Jl horwood, Mr. 11 in Ashburnham, Sir 7horn.

begotten the same common Friends and common Enemies H hit more. Sir Iran. Goodrich, Sir lhom. Allen, Sir Jo.

to both Nations; and taken off a great Part of those Napper, Mr. Buscaxcen, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Them.

Difficulties which at the first stood in the Way: And Osborne, Mr. HrightSir lowlk Lucy, Mr. Jolly, Sir

therefore his Majesty doth most heartily recommend it Adam Broxvne, Col. Kirkby, Mr. Ash, Mr. Bulteele, Sir

unto you, that Commissioners may be nominated to treat l hom. Cary, Sir James Thyn, Sir Freder. Hide, Air.

and consult with Commissioners from Scotland, con- Neale, Sir Robert Halt, Sir Geo. lletcher, Mr. Walter

cerning this Union. His Majesty hath given Directions Devereux, Lord Morpeth, Sir John Shaw, Sir Thom.

to the Earl of Lauderdale, his Commissioner for Scotland, Tompkins, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Buscawen, Sir John Mounson,

to make the like Proposal to the Parliament, which is Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Edw. Hungerjord, Sir Wm.

now sitting the re; and doubts not, but, upon the Lewis, Mr. Swynfen, Sir JVm. Kellegrexc, Sir Roger

Meeting of such Commissioners of both Kingdoms, those Bradsliaigh, Sir John Strode, Col Bishop.

Things will be offered to your Considerations, in order Resolved, &c. That this Committee do meet every Tues-

to the Union, as shall tend to the I lonour of his Majesty, day, Thursday, and Saturday, in the Exchequer Chamber,

and the common Good of all his Subjects. at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to take into

And this is all I have in Command to say at this time. Consideration all such Alatters as shall or may come in

Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges;

Call of the Resolved, &c. That the House be called over on and to proceed upon double Returns, in the first Place;

House. Monday next. and report their Proceedings to the House. And all

Persons that will question double Returns, already made,

The King's Resolved, &c. That this Day Sevennight be appointed are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so in Fourteen

Speech to be tQ tajce Consideration the Matter of his Majesty’s Days after any new Return shall be brought in And ♦ouwder el the

u-

21 Car. II. 19° —

the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions; and to send for Witnesses, Papers, and Records for their Information; and to make Report of any Matter which may concern Breach of Privilege. And all Members that are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return or Matter of Privilege of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw from the Committee, during the Time the Matter which concerns himself is in Debate.

Grand Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do Committees. sjj every Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Wednesday in the Altemoon, at Two of the Clock, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in tire House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the House.

Acmon- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant disham Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for the electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Agmon-disham, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir Win. Drake Baronet, deceased.

i° Octobris. 99

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of the Devizes, in the County of IVUts, in the room of John Kent Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Ludgarsalt to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for Writ# electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Ludgar-sale, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir Richard Browne Knight and Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Bridgewater to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for Writ, electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Bridge-water*, in the County of Somerset, in the room of John Tynt Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Lancaster to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for W/it. electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Sir John Harrison Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant OldSarum to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for Writ, electing a Member to serve fur the Borough of Old Saruniy in the County of [Fills, in the room of Sir John Denham, Knight of the Balk, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Evesham to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for Writ, electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Evesham, in the County of [Forcester, in the room of Sir Abraham Cidlen Baronet, deceased.

Thetford

Writ.

mersett

H’nt.

SVinton

Writ

Tamworth

Writ

fksbarn

Writ

Dtriei

Writ

Ditto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Flint Writ, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ lor the to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Thetford, electing a Member to serve in Parliament, as Knight of in the County of Nor/vlke, in the room of Sir Wm. the Shire for the County of in the room of Sir

Gaudy Baronet, deceased. Hen. Conway Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Hartford to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a W rit for to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for Writ, electing a Member to serve as Knight of the Shire lor electing a Member to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Somersett, in the room of Sir John (Farre the County of Hartford, in the room of the Lord Cran-Knight, deceased. burn, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing a Member to serve for the City of in

the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Robert Mason, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing a Member lor the Borough of Tamworth, in the County 0 iStaJjord, in the room of Waldron Esquire,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a W rit for electing a Member for the Borough o in the County oiSufolke, in the room of Sir Robert Brookes, deceased.

Information being given to the House, of the Printing Privilege — and Publishing of a K on-licensed Book, tending to create ' nli'*used a Division and Misunderstanding between his Majesty’s "khcaiion. Two Houses of Parliament, by one Richard a

Printer;

Ordered, That the said Richard Chime!I be sent for, to attend the House, to give an Account of the Author thereof, and of his Presumption and Miscarriages in Printing and Publishing of the said Book.

Ordered, That Col. Milicardhave Leave to go into Leave of the Country. Absence.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk oi the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Hen. Chozcne,

Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Swale, Sir Morton, Sir Knight, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for Jo. Korthcut, Sir Edm. Col. Kirkby, Sir Ji m.

electing a new Member to serve for the Borough of the Lowther, Sir Musgrave, Sir Thorn. Allen, Sir Job Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the room of John CMr. Hungerjord, Sir Lord An-Norden Esquire, deceased. cram, Mr. Collins, Mr. Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir

Jo. Mainard, Mr. Otway, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Buscawen, Sir

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Jo. Talbot, Mr. Crouch, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir

J Vojl. IX, an(i

DieJovis, 21° Octobris, 166 21° II.

PlUTEHS.

ABIL L for regulating of Juries was read the Second Regulating time. Juries.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solom.

IOO

2i° — 22° — 25* — 26°

Publick Accounts.

Publick Bills depending last Session.

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Monday next at Two' of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to take into Consideration the Debate of the House in relation to Abuses, in granting Writs intended to excuse ancient Jurors to Persons able to serve; and to see how substantial Copyholders and Leaseholders may be made subject to serve on Juries, as well as Freeholders.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to take the Accounts of publick Monies be sent to, by Sir Thom. Thompkins, and Mr. Pleydall, to give in an Account and Report of their Proceedings to the House, on Monday next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to peruse what publick Bills were depending last Sessions; and report to the House, which of them are most necessary to be passed: And that it be referred to Mr. , Sir

Wm. Kellegrcxo, Sir JVm. Doy Mr. Pepis, Sir

Young, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Windham, Sir John

Talbott, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Jona. Sir Gilbert

Talbott, Mr. Coleman, Col. Kirk Sir Richard Franklyn,

Mr. Ratcliff i, Sir Phil. Mu.sgrSir Gilbert

Mr. Musgrave, Sir Job Charlton, Sir John Sir

Jo. Moreton, Sir Jo. Darcney; or any Three of them:

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to consider what temporary Acts are expired, and what are fit to be revived and continued.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A. 1669.

Publick Accounts.

Repairing

Churches.

Privilege — Unlicensed Publication.

Adjourn-

mtnU

Die Veneris, 22® Octobris, 1669. 21° II.

Pa AYERS.

SI R Thomas Tompkins acquaints the House, that, in Obedience to their Order, he had attended the Commissioners of Accounts; and that they would wait on the House gn Monday next.

A Bill for Building and Repairing Churches was read; and laid aside.

Die Dunce, 25° Octobris, 1669- 21° Car. II.

Prayers.

JjEvill Skelton Esquire, and Francis. Hamond Esquire, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance, and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill to enable the Dean of St. Poufs Church to Dean of build a Mansion-house for himself and his Successors, St. Paul’, was read the First time. House.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to make it Felony Child-to steal and carry away Children, or other Persons, be- stealing, yond the Seas: And it is recommended to Sir John Birkenhead and Sir Charles Harbord, to bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Poor Law, of the Laws which do relate to the Poor, or Cottagers,

Inmates, and the Wages of Servants and Labourers, and keeping the Poor at Work, and providing for them; and see wherein they may be altered, and enlarged, and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House; viz. Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Chari.Harbord, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir Thom.

G oncer. Sir Phil.Musgrave, Sir Hen. Sir Coventry, Sir Jo.Northcott, Mr. Marvin, Mr. Pepis, Mr.

Churchill, Mr. Street, Sir IIurn fry Winch, Mr. Waller,

Sir Thom. Clergis, Col. Reames, Sir Hickman, Sir

Jo. Knight, Mr. Buscatt en, Lord Fanshaic, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Jo. Ernly, Col. Birch, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; or any three of them: And they are to consider of the Law made by this Parliament for Relief of the Poor; and if they find any Defects or Mistakes in it, to report it to the House: And to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Altemoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, Sec. That all Committees w’hich are discon- Committee, tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

Regulating

Elections.

Ordered, That a Bill be prepared and brought in to prevent Abuses and Extravagancies in electing Members to serve in Parliament; and for regulating Elections: And it is referred to Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Robert Harvard. , Mr. Jo. Forced, Sir Finch, Mr. Sey-

mour, Sir Ant. Irby, Sir Thom. Meeres, Mr. Sir Walter Young, Mr. Buscuuen, Col. Sands, Mr. Coleman,

Sir Jo. Neuton, Sir Robert Atkins; or any Three of them:

And it is recommended to the Care of Sir Thomas Zee and Sir Robert Atkins: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House then proceeded to the Calling over the Call of th* several Members, according to former Order:

And the Names of the Defaulters being read;

Resolved, &c. That the Names of the Defaulters be called over again this Day Fortnight.

Resolved, &c. That no Member depart the Service of this House, without Leave being first asked, after Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis,26® Octobris, 1669. 21® Car. II.

Prayers.

House.

Richard Chiszee/l, Bookseller, being sent for, to attend

the House to give an Account of the Printing and Publishing the Book called The Grand Question, and, attending at the Door; was called in: And, being demanded by Mr. Speaker, whether he caused the Book to be printed; and by whose Direction; and what Licence he had for doing it; and whether he had any Money, or what Reward he had, for printing the said Book; the said Richard Chiszce/l did confess, that he caused the Book to be printed; and that he had no formal Licence for it; but it was sent to him by a Privy Counsellor, the Lord Hollis, with Direction and Order to print it; and that he had no Hire or Reward in Money, but only the Benefit of the Copy for doing it: That there w ere about Two hundred and Fifty of the Books delivered out, before any Seizure w as made; and those which were undisposed, were, by Command, delivered into the Custody of Mr. Secretary Trevor,

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General be desired, by Mr. Speaker, to draw up and prefer an Indictment in the King’s Bench, against the said Richard Chisrcell, for his

Offence in causing the said Book to be printed, and published, without Licence.

The House being informed, that the said Book was printed by one John Darby a Printer;

Ordered, That the said John Darby be summoned to attend the House, to give an Account of his printing the said Book.

Resolved, That the House be adjourned till MondayT £r Majesty^ Speech, and the Ki

Morning next , Speech of the Lord Keeper, delivered by his Ma- Speech

jesty s Command, into Consideration this Day, was read: considered. As also both the said Speeches were read.

The

- , H

I;"fc ' "i;

;:'C?

'i ' i

7:i

22 Car. IT. 26° — 290 — L3°° O — 3° Novembm. ioi

b)ick / The Commissioners appointed for taking the Accounts Account* / of publick Monies being at the Door, and called in, the I Lord Brereton declared himself to the Effect following, I and delivered in the Report of the Accounts;

Mr. Speaker,

May it please this honourable House: " I am commanded, by the Commissioners for Accounts, humbly to represent to this honourable House a Report of the State of some Accounts, as they at present stand before us; wherein we have met with some Difficulties; which, together with some particular Observations upon the said Accounts, and Management of his Majesty's Affairs, we have thought it our Duty, in all Humility, to present to his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, concerning our Proceedings. I have only in Charge to say, that j we have endeavoured constantly to do our Duties, ac-I cording to the Tenor of our Oath, and the great Trust re-! posed in us by his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament,

| and that Justice and Equity which is due to all Mankind:

| And if in any thing we have failed, we humbly hope, that

I it shall be found to have proceeded from the Error of our: Understandings, not of our Wills; and therefore, as all our

Actions herein are liable to the Judgment of Parliament, so we shall with all Chearfuhiess submit to it."

Resolved, &c. That the Report of the Commissioners of v Accounts be taken into Consideration on Saturday next; and that the Commissioners be desired then to attend.

Ordered, That the Consideration of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech which relates to his Debts and Supply, be adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 29* Odobr 1669- 21 Car. II. Praters.

Lmtsey A BILL for settling the Draining of Level,

* F\- was tendered to the House; and, upon the Ques-

tien, Resolved to be read.

A Bill for settling the Draining of Lyndsey Level, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Thursday next.

Brandy, before them; and to peruse the Petition and Act for Excise; and examine and state the Matter of Pact to the House; with their Opinions, whether it be necessary to have a new Bill: And that it be referred to Sir George Reeves, Col. Birch, Sir John Duncom Sir Lewis, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Street, Mr. King, Mr. Crouch, Sir Walter Young, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Thom. Clerges, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Jo.Knight, Col. Savdya, Mr. Buscawen,

Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Solom. Swale,

Sir Jo. Ernley, Col. Reamcs, Lord Allington, Mr. So-

licitor General, Mr. Marvin, Sir Thompson, Air.

Fozvell, Sir Jo. Northcote, Col. Robinson, Sir Gilbert -

rard, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Air.Love, Mr. Jones, Sir Win-

ston Churchill, Sir Wm. Terringham, Sir Jo. Fitz James,

Sir Jo.Heath, Sir John Mainard, Sir Phill.

Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Jolly, Sir Job Mr. Sey-

mour, Mr. Pepis, Sir Thom. Gower, Col. Whitley, Sir Cory ton, Col. Phillips, Mr. Bridgman: And his Majesty’s Council to attend: And all to come to have Voices: And to meet on Wednesday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating and Hearth-collecting the Duty arising by Hearth-money, be read the money Tax* Second time on Weanesaay Alorning next.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the\Pabl, ck Report of the Commissioners of Accounts: Accounts.

And the Report was read.

The Commissioners being at the Door, w ere called in:

And Air. Speaker acquainted them, that it was the Desire of the House, that they would transmit such Papers they mentioned to have received, by way of Answer, from the respective Accountants; as also the State of an Account ot what Alonies was received for the Alaintenance of the War, and w hat disbursed; with a Balance thereupon.

After which the Lord Brereton, in the Name of the rest, desired to receive the Commands of the House in Writing; which Should be by them observed. Whereupon it was

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Accounts be desired to transmit to this House, attested Copies of such Papers they mention to have received, by Way of Answ er, from several Accomptants: And further, that they bring in the State of an Account of what Alonies was received for the Alaintenance of the War, and what disbursed for the same, with the Balance thereupon.

H«rtli- An additional Bill for the better regulating and collect-BonejTax. ing the Duty arising by Hearth-money, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Alorning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati,30® Odobris, 1069* 21 Car. II.

Prayers.

QHristopher, Gunman did this take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Alorning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii,3° Novembris, 1 21 Car. II.

Praters.

"DESOLVED, &c. That the humble and hearty Address for Thanks of this House be returned to the King’s convemtelfg Ala jesty, for issuing his Proclamation for putting the Laws in Execution against Non-conformists, and for suppressing Conventicles; with the humble Desire of this House, for his Majesty’s Continuance of the same Care for suppressing of them for the future: And that the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Vote.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Tomkins do go up to the Lords to desire their Concurrence.

Juts’

Utite.

hat

A Bill on the Behalf of Sir Ralph Banks, to have Satisfaction for a just Debt secured by a Alortgage; or to hold the Lands discharged of Redemption; was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of the Farmers of his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise on imported Liquors, was read.

Resolved, Sic. That a Committee be appointed to summon the Farmers of Excise, and Merchants trading in Vol. IX.

Information being given, that Sir Ralph Bovey had pro- Agmonde-cured a Return of an Election to serve for the Borough of *bam Agmondesham, from one that is not the proper Officer to E,ect*oa* make such Return;

Ordered, That the Afatter touching the false Return of Sir Ralph Bovey, to serve for the Borough of Agmonde-sham, he referred to the Committee of Elections; to examine, and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And to sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon for that Purpose: And both Sir Ralph Bovey, and Sir William Drake are to forbear sitting, till the Alatter be determined.

C c A Bill

103 3° — 4 0 Novembri 1669.

Dean of A Bill for the enabling Dr. Dean of

St. Paul’s Panics, to build a Mansion-house for himself and Suc-llouse. cessors, was read the Second time.

Jlcsolved, Sic. That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Charles WhMr. Sir Win. Low-

ther, Mr. Spry, Sir Jo. Mr. King, Colonel

Phillips, Sir Jo. Knight, Lord Allington, Sir Thom.Dolman, Sir Jo. Ncxvton, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Sir Edm. Windham,

Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Pleydall, Sir Jo. Frederick, Sir - Thom. Allen, Sir Thom. Wendy, Sir Sit

Nico. Slatting, Sir Sobm. Dr. Burrell, Sir Phill.

Warwick, Sir Jo.Coryton, Mr. and all the Mem-

bers that serve for the City: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Conventicles. A Bill for Continuance of the former Act against Conventicles, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Motion being made for a Supply of the Kings Slip.llv Majesty;

Resolved, See. That the Ifouse will on Tuesday next resolve into a Committee of the whole House, in order to the Consideration thereof.

The Commissioners of Accounts, attending at the Door; p\,i>lick and being called in; in Obedience to the Order of the Account*. House, of the Thirtieth of October last, did, by the Hands of Sit James Langham, deliver in attested Copies of such,

Papers they had received, by way of Answer, from several Accomptants; as also the State of an Account of what i Monies was received for the Maintenance of the War, and what disbursed for the same, with the Balance thereupon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 48 Novembris, 1669. 21° Car. II.

Bath Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing a Member to serve for the City of in the County of Somersett, in the room of Pryn Esquire, deceased.

Hearth- An additional Bill for the better collecting the Duty of

money Tax. Hearth-money, was read the Second time.

Resolved, ffcc.That this Bill be committed to Mr. Crouch, Mr. Mallet, Sir Win. Lads, Sir John Sir Lane.

Lake, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thom. Sir Solom.

Swale, Sir Jo. Coryton, Sir Mr.

Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Seymour, Sir James T/tynn, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir John Fitz James, Col. Birch, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Walter Young, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Duncomb, Sir Jo. Morton, Lord Allington, Sir Nico. Cary, Sir Thom. Sir Jo. Trevor, Sir A nth. Irby, Mr. Spry, Mr. Pcpis, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Fagg, Sir Jo. Brampston, Mr. Mr. Seymmir, Sir Jo.

Frederkk, Sxr NortonKnatchbold, Mr Mr

Col. Reames, Mr. Morice, Sir Cary, Mr. Hoby, Sir RalphVerney, Lord RichaSir Sir Thom.

Tompkins, Mr. Rigby, Sir Jo. Sir Thom. Smith,

Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Sir

grave, Sir Thom. Gcrwer, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Dr. Arras, Sir Jo. Daxcncy, Sir Jo. Pelham, Sir Jo. Heath, Mr. Gar-raxcay: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to summon the Farmers and Sub-farmers, to give an Account of w’hat Returns they have made into the Exchequer; and why they have not made annual Returns, as they are enjoined by the Act.

Old Snrum Klection.

A Petition of Sir Wm. Salkei/was read; complaining of an undue Return made for the Borough of

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Election; to examine the Matter therein complained of, touching the Return made for Old Sarum; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Committee Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the of Privileges. Committee of Privileges; Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. James Herbert, Mr. Buscaxcen, Mr. Ash.

Evesham A Petition of James complaining of an undue

Election. Return made of Sir John Hanmor to serve for the Borough

of Evesham, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee ot Elections; to examine the Matter therein complained of, touching the undue Return of the Borough ot Evesham; and report it, with their Opinions therein, tu the House.

The King's The House then proceeded to the Consideration of his

Speech Majesty's Speech.

considered.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That these Members following be Committee added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; of Privileges, viz. Lord Allington, Sir Edxv. Harley, Sir Richard Temple,

Sir Fran. Leake, Sir Wm.Thomas, Sir Richard

Sir Win.Hickman, Sir George Hungerford, Mr. A nth.

Eyre, Lord Jo. Seymour, Sir Wm.Lordlier, Mr. Hen. Whit taker. Lord Fitz Williams, Mr. Sir Jo.

Norton, Mr. Robert Thomas, Sir Jo. Pelham, Lord Castle-ton, Mr. Lovelace, Sir Robert Holmes, Mr.

Sir Thom.Gcrwer, Sir Jo. Lowther, Sir Winch,

Mr. Omie, Mr. Hobby, Sir John Buller, Sir Sir Richard Edgcombe, Mr. Culleford.

A Petition of the Master and Fellows of Mary Magdalens College in Cambridge, was read. Cambridge,

Resolved, See That the Petition be committed to Mr.

Bridgman, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Pepcs,

Mr. Jones, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Mr. Daniell, Sir Edm.

Windham, Mr. Morkc, Mr. Chichley, Mr. Mallet, Sir

Hickman, Sir Thomas Clergcs, Sir Char Wheeler, Sir Jo.

Birkenhead, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Williamson, Mr.

tague, Mr. Darcy, Sir Thom. Windy. Lord Fitz Williams,

Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir Thom. Allen, Serj. Mainard, Sir John Morton, Mr. Barty, Mr. Buscaxcen: And they are

to meet on Saturday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to examine the Matter of the Petition; and certify their Opinions therein to the House, whether it be fit to bring in a Bill, on the Petitioners Behalf.

A Bill for taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made Taking

Use of in the Court of Exchequer, was read the First Afodavitsin . 1 the Couniry.

time.

The Question was put, That the Bill be rejected:

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for settling the Draining of Lyndsey Level, was Lyndsey read the Second time. Level.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Col. Reames, Mr. Buscaxcen,

Lord Castleton, Lord Vaughan, Mr. Garnrway, Sir IVm.

Loxdher, Lord Allington, Sir Robert Howard,

Sir Thom.Meres, Sir Wm. Aickmun, Sir Jo. Morion, Sir

Jonath. Trclaxcney, Mr. Barty, Sir Sir

Swale, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Jo. Lowther, Sir Jo. Knight.

Sir Charles Wheeler, Lord Fanshaxv, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Nico. Cary, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Coventry, Sir Jo. Coventry, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Seymour, Sir Tompkins, Col. Sandys, Sir JVi/liam Mr. Tre-

laxniy, Lord Ancram, Mr. Williamson, Sir Fitz. James,

Sir Jo. Cotton, Col. Phillips, Sir Thom. Osborne, Sir Thom.

Zee, Sir Thom. Iliggons, Sir Jo. Sir Wm.

2i Car. II. 4° — 6° — 8° 103

Sir Jo. MorJey, Sir Nico. Mr. Crouch, Sir Phil.

Hcraard, Col. Realties, Sir Thom. Dolman, Mr. Spry, Mr. Pepis, S ir Jo. Nicholas, Sir Norton: And they are to meet on this Day Sevennight at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mlick / The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the Accounts. Report of the Commissioners of Accounts: And the Act of Parliament which doth direct the taking the Account, was read.-----

Lords concur Sir Thomas Tomkins reports, that in Obedience to the

in Address. Commands of this House he attended the House of Lords with the Vote of this House; and that they did concur with this House therein: And they would send to his Majesty to know his Pleasure, at what Time and Place both Houses Should attend his Majesty: Of which they /will give Notice to this House.-----

Publick / The Paper containing the Ballance of the Account, de-toewa. livered in by the Commissioners, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Report of the Commissioners \ of Accounts be taken into Consideration on Saturday \ Morning at Nine of the C lock: And the Commissioners \are desired to attend at Ten that Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

A Debate being touching the making void of all future Election Elections which shall appear to be procured by Money or by Entertainments of Meat and Drink; y *a 8*

Resolved, &c. That this Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning: And that the Rill prepared to prevent Extravagancies at, and for regulating, Elections, be then brought in, and read.

A Message from the House of Lords, by Sir JVm. King ap-Child, and Sir Nathaniell Hobartattended

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that his Majesty will be pleased to receive the Thanks of both Houses, in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

The House reassumed the Debate of the Report fronT putolick the Commissioners of Accounts; and proceeded in the Accounts. Reading of the Copies of such Papers by them delivered into the House; which they had received, by way of Answer, from several Accountants: And having read to the Twenty-seventh Paper in Number, the whole being Thirty-three;

Resolved, Sec. That the Reading of the rest of the said ' Answers and Papers be adjourned till Monday Morning Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to sit this Committees Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

— ----- — r----- — -....

DieSabbati, 6° Novembris, 21 Car. II.

Praters.

KiiAs’ A BIL L for confirming the Estate of Sir Ralph Bancks kuie. in the Manor of Thribesket, alias Thrisbesbet, and

other Lands in the County and Borough of Carmarthen, was read the Second time.

Resolved; &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir JVm. Doyley, Sir Jo. Coventry, Col. Sandys, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Sandys, Col. Reames, Sir Cary, Sir JVm. Kellegrerv, Mr. Col. Phillips, Sir

Solom. Swale, Sir jo. Ernley, Sir Hugh Mr.

Crouch, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Street, Sir Jo.

James, Sir Allen Apsley, Sir Thom. Major

General Egerton, Mr. Onslow, Sir Thom. JVocdcock, Mr. Biillec/e, Sir JVm.Lowther, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Mr. Cullejord, and all the Members that serve for the County of Carmarthen: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wav A Bill for continuing and settling the Navigation of the Navigation. R'lver Way, in Surry, was read the First time.

Apnonde. Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Elec-jhiin tiens, that they met on Thursday last, to consider of the tcm' Case touching the Return of Sir Bony: And that Jonathan Ball, who was elected Constable for the Year ensuing, and got himself sworn out of the County, being not to come into his Office till January next, had joined in the Return, when there were Two other Constables then in Office; and that the Committee were of Opinion, that Sir Ralph Bovey was not returned by the proper Officer; and that the said Jonathan Ball had committed a Misdemeanor, in making an undue and false Return.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Ralph Bovey was not returned by the proper Officer.

Ordered, That the Sheriff of Bucks do attend on Monday, to take the Indenture, unduly returned, off the File; and do cause a new Return to be made of the Person elected to sen e for the Borough of Agmondeshum.

Ordered, That Jonathan Ball be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, and brought to the Bar of this House, upon his Misdemeanor, in making a false Return for the Borough of Agmondcsham.

Vol.IX.

Ordered, That the Bill for suppressing Conventicles be Conventicle*, read on Monday Morning the Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met, Mr. Speaker and the Mem- Address bers went in a Body, and attended his Majesty in Presenle<F the Banqueting-house at Whitehall, according to his Majesty’s Command, with the Vote concerning Thanks to his Majesty for issuing his Proclamation against Nonconformists.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Luna, 8° Novembris, 1 21 Car. II. Prayers.

ABILL to improve the Art of Navigation, was read Improving the First time. Navigation.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on this Day Sevennight at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for settling the Differences between the-Lady Lady Lee’s Eliz.Lee, and the Daughters and Coheirs of Sir Thomas E*tate-Pope, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read the Second Time Tomorrow Sevennight, at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill to prevent Abuses and Extravagancies; and for Regulating regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; Election*, w as read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

The Clerk of the Crown, and the Under Sheriff of the Agmonde-County of Bucks, attending; and being called in to the shamRetur* Table of the House; the Writ and Return of the Inden- ame ture of Sir Ralph Beovey to serve for the Borough of Agmondisham, being produced; the Indenture was taken off; and the Indenture of the Return of Sir Wm. affixed.

Mr.

104

Answer to Mr. Speaker reports, that, being with the House to Address. attend his Majesty on , when his Majesty was

pleased to speak to both Houses; he had, to prevent Mistakes, taken the Boldness to desire from his Majesty in Writing, what he was then pleased to deliver: Which he read to the House, and is as follows;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I Thank you for this Mark of your Affection to Me: I doubt not of the Continuance and Concurrence of it, in other Things, as well as in this of My Proclamation. I recommend to you, that you would weigh well what I say and desire in it, towards the Welfare and Peace of the Nation: In order to which, as I shall be always ready to contribute My utmost Endeavours, so I hope you will never be failing in yours, to enable Me to do it.

Publick The House then resumed the Consideration of the Re-

Account*. port of the Commissioners of Accounts; and proceeded to the Reading of the rest of the Copies of the Answers and Papers by them delivered in.

Resolved, &c. That the House will on Wednesday next \ proceed upon the Observations reported by the Commissioners of Accounts, in Order, as they are laid in the Re-\ port: And the Commissioners are desired then to attend.

Dean of Ordered, That Sir H Winch, and Sir Thomas 6t. Paul’s Meres, be added to the Dean of St. Raul's Committee.

House.

o° Novembris. A. \ 669.

Ordered, That the Bill for repairing and amending Highways be read on Saturday next. 0

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee, to which the Bill for enabling the Dean of St. to build a Man-

sion House for him and his Successors, some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’sTable: Which being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The House, according to former Order, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion for the King’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports the humble Opinion of the

Committee, that the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House on this Day Sevennight, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Motion for the King's Supply.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House on this Day Sevennight, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Motion for the King’s Supply.

Committee Ordered, That these Members following be added to of Privileges, the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Sir

Berkley, Dr. Arris, Mr. Steward, Mr. Geo. Weld, Sir Wm.Fleetwood, Mr. Onslow.

Ordered, That all Committees that be discontinued be revived, and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 9* Novembris, 1669. 21 II.

Ordered, That these Persons following be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Mr.

Sir Thomas Dolman, Mr. Churchill, Major General Eger-tan, Sir Thom. Bloudxvorth, Mr. Sir Fitz

Janies, Sir Robert Carr, Col. // indham, Sir Trevor hams, Mr. Jo.Harvey, Col. Williams.

Excise.

Privilege.

Matidiilen

College,

Cambridge.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Merchants trading in Brandy, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Petition of the Farmers of his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise on imported Liquors, was committed; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And these Members following be added to the Committee; viz. Sir Robert Carr, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Elliott,

Sir Wm. Lewis, Serj. Mainard, Sir Richard Oat ley, Sir Jo.- Talbott, Mr. Pepis, Sir Jo. Sir Thom. Tomkins, Mr. Jay, Mr. Chetwin, Sir Fitz James, Sir

Charles Harbord, Mr. GarrawaMr. Sir Jo.

Knight, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Sir Jo. Norton, Mr. Rigby.

And the Committee are hereby impowered to examine into Abuses and Misdemeanors complained of, to be committed by the Farmers and Officers of Excise in the Country; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Information being given, that one John Bu.vton, a menial Servant of the Lord Ancramwas taken and detained Prisoner iu Execution at the Suit of contrary to the Privilege of Parliament;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant for Discharge of the said John Biurton: And if in case it be not obeyed, that Report thereof be made to the House.

Ordered, These Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Petition of the Master and Fellows of St. Mary Magdalen & College, in Cambridge, was committed; viz. Sir Charles Mr. Marvell, Mr.

Coleman, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Crouch, Mr. JotUjf'e, Sir Humfry Wy.icli, Sir Norton Knalchbold, Sir Good-

wick, Mr. NoelI, Mr. Secretary Trevor.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 10° Novemb. 1669. 21 Car. II.

Prayers.

ABILL for Naturalization of Skelton Esquire, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill for settling the Estate of Sir was

read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Resolved, &c. That no Member of this House, of the Long Robe, do, during this Sessions of Parliament, plead as Counsel before the House of Lords in any Cause, without Leave asked and granted by this House, after Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for Continuance of the Act to suppress seditious Conventicles, was read the Second time. -Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Dr Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Solom.Swale, Sir Lane.Lake, Sir Musgrave, Sir Jo. Moreton, Sir Mr. Pleydall,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Sir Cary, Sir Winston Churchill, Col. Sandys, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Crouch. Sir Birkenhead, Sir Wm.Loxvtlier, Sir

by. Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Barty, Sir Thom Tompkins, 'Sn’Edm.lfindham. Sir Charles Harbord, C oUVII/iams, Sir

James

Repairing

Highways.

Dean of St. I-aui’g House.

Supply.

Committees

Committee of Privilege*

Skelton'* &-C# Nrl

Costwick*

Instate.

Members not to attend Lords without leave.

Conventicle*.

2i Car. II.

io° — n° —

Novembris.

ios

r-f

mite , w.Li

m*

James Smith, Mr. Cheyne, Sir Jo. Sir Thom.

Meres, Sir Jo. Ernley, Sir James Sir John Trevor,

Sir Fran. Compton, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Coleman, Sir Edir. Poole, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Walter Young, Sir Richard Oat ley, Mr. Wren, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir JobCharlton, Dr. Burrell, Sir Col

Sir Thom. Doleman, Sir Adam Mr. Treasurer,

Col. Reames, Sir Jo.Talbott, Mr. Harbord, Sir Hugh, Windham, Sir Nico. Steward, Lord Cavendish, Lord Corn-bury,.Mr. Wm. Stanley, Sir Coventry, Mr. Seymour,

Sir Phill. Wanvick, Sir Hu Sir Thom. Strickland, >\r Ralph Bauchs, Mr. Sir

Sir IVm. Heyward, Col. Kirkby, Sir Thom. Wendy, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Allen Apsley, Lord Fanshaw, Col. Whitley, Col. Stroud: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to take into Consideration the Debates of the House: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Question being put, Whether any particular Instructions be given the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Defaulters to Ordered, That the Names of the Defaulters be called

Call of the over on Monday Morning next.

House.

j

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report of the Commissioners of Accounts be adjourned tillTo-morrow: And the Commissioners are desired then to attend: And the Auditors concerned in the taking the Accounts are also to be present.

Ordered, That Inquiry be made after the Book of Accounts delivered in by Sir George Carteret, the last Session; and that such Person in whose Custody it is, bring it in Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Auditors, and other Persons, that Sir George Carteret shall have Occasion to make use of, do Tomorrow, and from time to time, attend this House, in order to the clearing of his Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 11° Novembris, 1669- 21 II. Prayers.

ORDERED, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for settling the draining of LyndseyLevel was committed; viz. Sir

Jo. Talbot, Mr. Hoby, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. Bernaby, Col. Windham, Mr. Rat cliffe, Mr. Gerrard, Col. Phillips: And all that shall come are to have Voices.

Publick

Accounts-

Lyndsey

Level.

Committee of Ordered, That Sir Richard and Mr.

Privileges, be added.to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Few of Custom-house Officers.

A Bill for regulating the Manufacture of Freezes and Freezes and Cottons in the Town and County of Brecknock, was read , the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

Hearth-money Tax,

Mr. Mallet reports from the Committee to which the Bill for the Regulating, and the better Collecting, the Duty arising by Hearth Money, was committed; that they had summoned the Farmers of that Duty; and that they had appeared, and given an Account, that they had made annual Returns for some Counties into the Exchequer, but not of all; being not strictly enjoined thereunto by the Act: That the Committee had made Two Amendments only to the Bill; but that they desired the Opinion of the House, as to the Collecting the Duty, whether it Should -be by the Constable alone, or by him with an Officer appointed by his Majesty.

Resolved, Ike. That the Debate of the Report of the Committee of the Bill of Hearth Money be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Devereux. being sick and infirm, Leave of have the Leave of this House to go into the Country. Absence.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the Observations reported by the Commissioners of Accounts:

And the Commissioners of Accounts being called in; and seated on both Sides of the Bar of this House; Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, That the House was much satisfied with, and obliged to them for, their great Care and Pains in their Report returned to the House; And the First Observation in their Report being read, and the Leidger Book of Sir George , in l (164, and Affi-

davits, and some other Papers relating to this Particular, being also read; and the Commissioners having declared their Reasons and Grounds of the said Observation; did afterwards withdraw.

Sir Geo.Carteret desiring Liberty to be heard by his

Counsel in Matter of Fact, as to the Charge laid against him in the Observation aforesaid;

The same was debated.

And the Question being put, That Sir Geo. Carteret's Counsel be permitted to speak to Matter of Fact, if they desire it;

Publick

Accounts.

The House was divided. The Yeas went out. Tellers,

Sir John Knight,

Sir Thomas Strickland, Mr. Buscawen,

Mr. Mainard,

For the Yeas 126. For the Noes 127.

A Motion being made, for Examination of the List of the Officers of the Customs Fees, in quarto Jacobi; and for settling and allowing the Fees of the Out Ports, as well as the Ports of London;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Mr. Finch, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Frelchvile Hollis, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Theop. Biddo/ph, Sir Jo. Moreton, Mr. Jones, Sir Wm.Coventry, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Jo. Talbott, Col. Reames, Mr. Buscawen, Mr.

Mr. Onne, Mr. Cullef m'd, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Jolly, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Love, Sir Jonath. Mr.

Henley, and all the Members of this House, that serve for any of the Out Ports: And they are to look into the Act for settling the King’s Customs; and the Order of this House for settling and allowing the Fees; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. IX.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Sec. That this House will proceed in the further Consideration of the Observations of the said Commissioners Tomorrow MorningTen of the Clock, nothing to intervene.

Resolved, See. That all Committees that were to sit Committees, this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 12° Ncvembris,1669- 21° Car. II.

Prayers.

APETITIO N of the indigent loyal Officers was read. Money given Resolved, See. That a Bill be brought in for taking to indigent an Account of the Sixty thousand Pounds, and Relief of the indigent loyal Officers,

D d A Petition

Excise.

106 12* — 13° Novembris. A. 1669.

A Petition of the Distillers of Strong Waters in and about the City of London was read.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the Petition of the Farmers of Excise on imported Liquors, and the Petition of the Merchants trading in Brandy, were committed; to take the Matter of the Petition into Consideration* and report it, with their Opinions therein, to this House.

this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And tjien the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Sight of the Clock.

J)ie Sabbati, 13° Nacemhris, 1669- 21 Car. II.

Committee of Privileges.

Repairing

Churches.

Conquest’s

Estate.

Corn and

Crain

Measures.

Growth of 'limber.

Repairing

Highways.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan, Sir Thomas Woodcock, and Sir John Kcrle, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for repairing and Maintaining of Churches; And Sir Adam Browne is desired to bring in the Bill.

A Bill on the Behalf of Colonel Richard Conquest was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for ascertaining the Measure of Corn and Grain was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill to improve the Growth of Timber and Wood be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for maintaining and repairing of Highways be read Tomorrow Morning.

Publick The House then resumed the Consideration of the

Accounts. Observations of the Commissioners of Accounts. Exception to Sir Charles Wheeler having let fall some Words, at \Vordslber S w’h'ch the House took Disgust j and standing up, and explaining himself, in his Place; was commanded to withdraw.

And the Matter being debated;

And Sir Charles being called in; and being in his Place, Mr. Speaker did acquaint him, that the House took much Exceptions against his Words, as very unparliamentary:

And Sir Charles, in his Place, declaring he was very sorry he had given any Disturbance to the House, was excused.-----

Privilege. Information being given to the House, of a Misdemeanour, and Breach of Privilege, committed by Mr. Henry Brunckard, formerly a Memher of this House;

Ordered, That Mr. Brunckard be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the Misdemeanour, and Breach of Privilege, objected against him.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Carr and Sir Thomas Meres do repair to Mr. Attorney General, he being sick, as the House was informed, and inquire of him the Reason why the Information exhibited against Mr. Brunckard in the King's Bench, was stopped, and not proceeded in —

Publick - The Question being propounded, that the Commis-ccounts. s\oners of Accounts be again called into the House;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Commissioners of Accounts be called in.

And being called in; and placed by the Bar of the House; and desired to give a Reason of their Observations, and why they did so style them:

Which they having doue; and being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the Report of the Commissioners of Accounts be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock: And the Commissioners are desired then to be present

C^aunitu*. Resolved, &c. That all Committees which were to sit

Prayers.

dTi RDERED, That it be referred to the Committee NavalStorej.

of Trade, to consider w hether it be necessary to bring in a Bill for providing of Pitch, Tar, Tackle, and other Necessaries, for his Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Naturalization be Skelton’s, read on Monday Morning the first Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for repairing of Highways be read on Monday Morning.

The House then resumed the Debate from the Committee of the Bill for Hearth Money.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred back to the Committee, to make Provision in the Bill for impowering the Justices of the Peace to send a Summons to the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, concerned, to make a Return to them of the Names of Three or more responsible Persons, Inhabitants, at their Quarter Sessions or Meetings; and, out of them, the Justices to choose and appoint one or more, as they find necessary, to be Collectors of the Hearth Money. And the Committee are to consider of the other Debates of the House, and the former Acts; and to make the best Provision they can, for collecting and securing the Duty: And to sit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the several Excise. Petitions concerning the Duty of Brandy is committed, do sit on Wednesday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; when all Parties and Witnesses are to attend.

Repairing

Highways.

Hearth-money Tax.

Sir Toomas Meeres delivers in a Report in Writing, Privilege, giving an Account, from Mr. Attorney General, of the Information in the King’s Bench against Mr. viz.

Mr. Attorney General returns this Answer, concerning the Information in the King’s Bench, by Sir More-ton, against Mr. Brunckard:

That it had no Stop from him: That he had called upon Sir John Moreton, and his Father, Ser jeant Foun-taine, to prosecute; and that he was, and will be always, ready and willing to own it, and to prosecute it, unless he be prohibited by his Majesty.

Mr. Attorney sent for Mr. Waterhouse, Secondary to the Clerk of the Crown in the King’s Bench; who, upon this Occasion, affirmed, that an Information against Mr. Brunckard was drawn by the said Mr. Waterhouse, which he delivered to Sir John Moreton to carry to his

Counsel; and that it was never after brought back to him, or filed, or exhibitedBut he asking Sir John’s Servant of it, the Servant answered, It Should not be prosecuted.

The Question being proposed, That Sir Robert Carr and Sir Thomas Meres do again repair to Mr. Attorney General, to know of him, whether he received any Letter from Mr. Secretary Trecor, to stop the Proceedings in the King’s Bench against Mr. Brunckard;

And the Question being put, That this Question be now put;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Sir Thom. Tomkins, jo . Tr

Col. Williams,j for the Yeqs, 93.

Mr. Mainard, ] .

Mr. Weld, / for J4G.

And it passed in the Negative.

The

at Car. II.

13Q — 170 Novemhrts.

107

PaUick / The House then resumed the Consideration of the Accounts. / Report from the Commissioners of Accounts.

V

Bridgwater Resolved, &c.That the Cause of Election for tl\e Eltctioa. Town of Bridgwater be heard by the Committee of Elections this Day Fortnight.

Call tie Resolved, &c. That the House be called over on Mon-

House. say ^yejinight.

;e.t»

c.Jt

«ari

'JKiu'

Supplj.

Publicl

Accounts.

Resolved, &c. That the Consideration of the Motion for the King’s Supply be adjourned till Friday next.

/ Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of the Report of the Commissioners of Accounts be adjourned till Wednesday next: And the Commissioners are desired i to be then present.

Committee of Resolved, & c. That the Committee of Privileges and

Privileges. Elections have Leave to sit this Afternoon, and on Tues-, day in the Afternoon: And these Members following to be added to the Committee; viz. Sir Wm. Bawyer, Sir Jo. Stapeley, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Hen. Yelverton, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Noel/, Mr. Alderman Bence, Mr. Arthur Onslow, Mr. Wm. Morgan, Mr. Price, Sir Windham, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Wm. Portman, Mr. Thomas Coventry, Mr. Thom. SirG'eo. Pro-

bert, Sir Thom. Monpesson, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Robert Cordicell, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Jo. Kerle, Mr. Marma-duke Darcy, Col. Fran. (Tindham, Sir Hen. North, Sir Wm. Lewis, Lord Cavendish, Sir Wm. Godolphin, Mr. Mainard, Mr. Buscaiccn, Mr. Buller, Lord Mr,

Wm. Harbord, Mr. Sidney Godolphin, Sir Pelham, Air.

Marcel, Mr. Arthur Owen, Mr. Barnaby, Mr. Lewis.

Col. Morley, Sir Jo. Brampston, Sir N(Co. Steward, Sir

Covet, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Vaugiian, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir

Jo. Rolles, Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir Thorn- Allen, A1 r. Orme,

Sir Thom. Tompkins, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Ratchliffe, Sip Thom. Dolman, Sir PhilI.Musgrave, Sir St. John,

Sir Jo.Norton, Sir James Thyn, Sir Air.

Cheyne, Mr. Barnaby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing and settling the Navigation of Wey the River Wey, in the County of Surry, was read the Navi8at‘°«-Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr.

Onslow, Col. Hollis, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Wim. Lout her,

Sir Wm. Kellegrezo, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Sir

Thom. Hanmer, Serj. Mainard, Sir Air. Mo-

rice, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Mr. Busc Air. CuUeJord, Mr. Pepis, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Crouch, Sir Nico.

Steward, Sir Geo. Courtopp,'Sir Lane.Lake, Sir Charles

Wheeler, Mr. Chctwin, Sir Solom.Swale, Mr. Evelyn, Air, Bridgman, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Air Sir Charles

Harbord, Lord Gorges, Sir Thom. Clergcs, Lord Richards son, Sir Jo.Bennett, and all that serve for the County of Surry, and Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet in the Exchequer Chamber on this Day Sevennight, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

iCI:!.

Committees. Ordered, That all other Committees have Leave to sit between tins and Wednesday.

Hearth- Ordered, That Sir John Covet, and Sir Denny iMuejlax, bundtam, be added to the Committee to which the Bill

for the better collecting the Duty arising by Hearth Money was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Aforning Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, IT Novemb- WF Car.

Prayers.

Bath Writ flRDERE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue put his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a

A Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Wm. Gostwick was Gostwick'i - read the Second time. Estate.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Carr, Serj. Mainard, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir Sir

Jo.Knight, Mr. Crouch, Sir Richard Sir

Morton, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Solom. Swale, Col. Reames,

Lord Ailing ton, Mr. Pepis, Sir Thom.Tomkins, Lord shaw, Sir Jo.Norton, Sir Richard Sir Edm.

Windham, Mr. Chetwin, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Street,

Sir James Thynn, Mr. Bridgman, Sir John Sir

Walter Young, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Bedford, Hartford, Northampton, and Lincolne:And they are to meet Tomorrow at 1 wo

of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition on the Behalf of Jonathan , now in the Privilege-

Custody of the Serjeant at Anns, for his Misdemeanor in joining in the false Return for the Borough desham, was read: custody.

And the Matter being debated;

The said Ball being called in to the Bar, and being upon his Knees; Mr. Speaker told him, The House had

Writ for electing a new Afember to serve for the City of received a Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Rath, in the County of Somersett, in the room of Col. Elections, ofa greatFaultand Aliscarriage in him,

focise.

Fepham, deceased.

A Petition of several Distillers within the City of London, and Parts adjacent, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the

ing a false Return for the Borough of which had caused a great Trouble to the House; but, upon his Submission, they did discharge him, payingbis Fees: But with this Direction, that he do attend the Committee of Elections on this Day Sevennight, when

Ur Lee'*

li'ate,

blton’i, c- Sat.

same Committee to which the Petition of the farmers of the Cause touching this Election, is to be heard.

Excise on Brandy, and the Petition of the Merchants

trading the rein, with other Petitions, was committed; to Sir Job Charlton reports from the Committee of Elec- old take the Matter of this Petition also into Consideration; tien, the State of the Case in the Election for the Bo- Election, apd report it, path their Qpinions therein, to the House, rough of Old Sarum, between Sir Eliah Harvey, and

Sir Wm. Salkcild; that f Q.rclmd, T^tfhe Bill for settling Differences between Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the

Rady Lee, gnd tl)e Daughters and Coheirs of Sir Committee, that Sir Eliah Harvey was duly elected for ThpmarPqpe, he.read the Secppd time To-niorrow Morn- the Borough of Old Sarum, and ought to sit. jqg, betweep Nine ^pd Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of Jamas Bradley, Isaac Clarke, Richard Tolls on the A Bill for Nasalization of Bevil Skelton Esquire, and Tippcndon, and others, was read; being subscribed by the Medway, others, was read the Second time. said Bradley and Tippendon only; complaining of a Griev-

n, J "rL-‘iL- " J Tir an ce, and Exacting of a Toll for Hoys and other Vessels

coming and going from the River Medway in Kent, by Gravesend Fort:

And the said Bradley being called in; and owning the Petition;

Resolved,

Resolved, $c. That t/je fill be committed to Sir fVm. Coventry, Mr. Ren. Coyeplry, Sir Richard Francklyn, Sir

jayffifmiifi, Sir WififlQnQhurchill,

irWm. Roydl^er^ Sir Jo- (Jof Sir Lane- Lake, Sir Jo.^pyiet, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. MSir John Talbott,

Pearlc’s

Estate.

pubjjfk Accounts. j

Committees.

Excise.

Publick

Accounts.

Magdalen

College,

Cambridge.

108 170 — (8° Novemb. A. 1669.

Resolved, Sec.That the Petition be referred to the Committee of Grievances: And that the Committee do sit on Wednesday next; and every Wednesday after: And that no other Committee sit that Day, or upon any Day when that Committee sits: And that both Parties, the Petitioners and the Governor of Gravesend Fort, do then attend to be heard: And the Committee are to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard be read

Tomorrow Morning.

/ The House then resumed the Consideration of the ' Report of the Commissioners of Accounts:

And the Commissioners being called in; and asked, whether they had any further Matter to offer or report to the House; the Lord Brereton declared, that they had received from Sir Geo.Carteret the Copies of Two several Warrants; one from his Majesty to the Lord Treasurer, and the Lord Ashley, Chancellor of the Exchequer, dated the 20 of November 1665: and another from them to Sir Robert Long, and other Officers of the Exchequer, dated the 21 of the same November: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table, together with the Commissioners further Report and Observations thereupon.

The Commissioners being withdrawn; and Sir Geo. Carteret afterwards, in his Place, answering to the whole Matter, did also withdraw.

Upon the Debate of all which;

The Question being put, That Sir George Carteret is guilty of a Misdemeanour within the First Observation of the Commissioners for Accounts;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Mr. Weld, j

Mr. Harbord, J

Sir Solom.Swale, \

for the Yeas, 138. for the Noes, 129.

Sir Winston Churchill, j

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That Sir Geo Carteret is guilty of a Misdemeanour within the ' First Observation of the Commissioners for Accounts.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Petition of the Farmers of Excise on Brandy, and the Petition of the Merchants trading the rein, and other Petitions, were referred, be adjourned till Frid next, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; when all Parties and Witnesses are to attend.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of the Report of the Commissioners for Accounts be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning: And the Commissioners are desired to be then present.

Die Jovis, 18" Novctnbris, 166Q, 21° Car. II.

PltAVEBS.

jSabella Beovey did this Day take the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to her Naturalization.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Committeeof the Committee of Privileges and Elections; viz. Mr. Privile¥(3-Francis Bidler, Mr. Love, Sir Jeoffery Shackerly, Sir Thom. Hanmer, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Thom. Sir

Richard Oatlcy, Sir Thom. Lee.

A Bill to improve the Art of Navigation was read the Improving Second time. Navigation.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Pleydall, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Kellcgrew, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Fretchvile Hollis, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Colonel Kirk by, Sir Wm.Lowther, Mr. Morris, Mr.

O; 'me, Mr. Churchill, Sir John Lorether, Lord Rosse,

Sir Wm.Smith, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Thom. Dolcman,

Col. Birch, Sir Richard Everard, Col. Williams, Sir Wm.

Heyward, Sir A nth.Irby, Mr. Pepis, Lord Ancram, Sir Robert Holmes, 'Sir Jo. Norton, Sir James Thyn, Sit Winston Churchill: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to scud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for settling the Differences between the Lady I-ady Lee's E/iz.Lec, and the Daughters and Coheirs of Sir Thomas ^: sUle-Pope, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Jonathan Trduwny, Sir IVuller Saint John, Sir Richard

Franck/yn, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Wm.

Lowther. Sir Allen Apsley, Mr. Lawrence Hide, Col.

Hollis, Col. Phillips, Sir Wm.Coventry, Mr. Crouch,

Mr. Clarke, Mr. Chich/ey, Mr. Hen. Boynton, Sir Lee, Mr. Cheyne, Lord Cornbury, Lord Sir

Jo. Ernley, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir

Anth. Irby, Sir Fretchvile Hollis, Sir Edm. Wyndham,

Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Allen Broudrick, Sir Edm.

Sir John Coventry, Mr. Sam. Sandy Mr.

Mr. Collingwood, Serj. Mainard, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Mr.

Packer, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Marvel, Sir John

bott, Sir Fran.Compton, Mr. Chclwin, Sir Northcote,

Sir Fran. Goodrich, Sir Richard Everard, Mr. Geo. Mountague, Mr. Wren, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Thomas Wendy, Mr. George Low, Sir John Morton, Sir Jo. Holman, Mr. Hobby, Sir James Thyn, Sir Hum fry Wynch, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Sir

Heyward, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Harcourt, Lord AlUngton, Sir Robert JVorsley, Sir Birkenhead, Mr.

Attorney Mountague, Mr. Bidteele, Mr. Crooke, Sir Cope, Sir Herbert Price, Sir Hen. Herbert, Mr. Daniell, and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Oxon and Northamptwi: And it is recommended to Air. Mountague to take care of the Bill: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the ('lock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That these Alembers following be added to the Committee to which the Petition of the Alaster and Fellows of St. Mary Magdalen College in Cambridge was committed; viz. Sir John Shaw, Col. Birch, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Sir Jo. Talbott,

Air. Strickland, Col. Sandys, Sir Fretchvile Hollis, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Henley, Sir Wm. Thompson, Air.

Sir Jo. Frederick, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Dr. Arras, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Hambden, Mr. Nasworthy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming Eight of the Clock.

Sir John Birkenhead reports from the Committee to Conventicles, which the Bill for continuing the Act to suppress seditious Conventicles was committed, a Vote and Opinion of the Committee: Which he read; and is as followeth; viz.

That it be specially reported to the House, that this t

Committee is informed, that there are divers Conventicles and other seditious Aleetings in Westminster near the Parliament, where great Numbers of evil-affected Persons frequently meet; which, this Committee conceives, is not only an Affront to the present Government, but also of imminent Danger to both Houses of Parliament, and the Peace of the Kingdom:

And the Alatter being debated;

Resolved,&c. That a Committee be appointed to receive Informations touching Conventicles and other Meetings of factious and disaffected Persons; and to inquire whether they have stirred up the People, or held 24 Councils,

V

21 Car. II. 18° — 190 — 20°

109

njss^.

idv 1-sta;.

Declaration to adhere to Church and State.

Privilege — Reflections on a Member,

Councils, or acted any thing, against the Government and Laws of this Kingdom; and wherein, and from whence they have had Encouragement: And to report the Matter to the House; viz.Sir Robert Carr, Sir Adam

Browne, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Wm.Coventry, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Phill. Colonel Hollis,

Mr. Street, Mr. Cheyne, Sir Jo. Sir Jo. Mar ley,

Sir Thom. Strickland, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Garraxvuy, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir , Sir

Hugh IVindham, Col. Fran.Windham, Sir Jo. Sir

John Coventry, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Christop. Musgrave, Sir FrctchvileHollis, Col. Kirkby, Sir Steward, Sir

Robert Worsley, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Allen Apsley,

Mr. Strickland, Sir Jeofflcry Shackerley, Col. Williams, Mr.

Milxrard, Mr. Lawrence Hide, Lcc, S\r Jo. Robinson, Mr. Wm. Sandys, Col. Whitley, Mr. Seymour, Sir

John Talbott, Col. Reames, Sir Thom. Tomkins, Sir Thotn. Doleman, Sir Waller Young, Sir Solom. Swale, Lord Fan-slum, Dr. Burrell, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edw. ThSir

Allen Brodrick, Sir Fran. Goodrick, Lord Cornbury, Sir

Thom.Woodcock, Mr. Chichley, Col. Sandys, SiriVico. Cary, Sir Thom.Cary, Mr. Williamson, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir

Ralph Bancks, Mr. Finch, Col. Birch, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Jo. Heath, Mr. Sir Al-

len, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thom. Meres, Mr. Morgan, Sir Anth. Irby, Lord Cavendish, Sir Wm. greiv, Lord Aldington, Col. Phillips: And they are to meet

at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Upon the former Vote passed; and the Committee appointed; and further Debate of the Matter;

The House doth declare it their Resolution, that they will adhere to his Majesty in the Maintenance of the Government of the Church and State, as it is now established, against all Enemies whatsoever.

Sir Fretchvile Hollis informs the House, that he had been reflected upon for Words spoken in the House, by Mr. Offley, to this Effect; viz. That in opposing a Bill

concerning the Lady Lee, it was basely and unworthily done: And that there was one Mr. Soames at the Door, who could testify to the Words.

Mr. Soames w as called in to the Bar of the House; and examined thereunto: Who said, that, being in the Chani-

Die Veneris, 19° Sovcmb. 1669- 21° Car. II.

Prayers.

TLTAtthew Hebert did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants Chester of the City of Chester, was read. Navigation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Scouring the River, and making it navigable to the City of Chester: And it is referred to Mr. Sir

Thomas Ha timer, and Col. Birch, to prepare and bring in a Bill.

A Petition of Sir Reynold Foster Baronet, w as read. Hamilton

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill on Chase, the Behalf of Sir Reynold Foster, for Deafforesting of Hamilton Chase.

A Bill for ascertaining the Measures of Com and Corl1 »n' Grain, was read the Second time. I'Iea*

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir 5 Charles Harbord, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Wm.Lowther, Col. Sandys, Mr. Bridgman, Col. Birch, Sir Laye. Lake, Serj. Col.

Reames, Mr. Orme, Mr. Steward, Mr. Bascawen, Sir Richard Oateley, Sir Thom. Higgons, Mr. Spry, Sir John Talbott, Sir James Thyn, Sir Jo. Stroud, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Cu lie ford, Sir Edw.Harley, Mr. Butler, Air.

Fepis, Sir Jo.Bennet, Col. Phillips, Sir Norton Knatch-

bold, Sir Jo. Coryton, Sir Jo. NortSir Jo.

Mr. Bu/ler, Sir Flull. Musgrave, Sir Jo. Newton, Mr.

Whittaker, Mr. Thom. Morice, Sir Wm. Sir Thom.

Tomkins, Sir John Ernley: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Tuesday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards; and to take the Debates of the House into Consideration: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Information being given to the House of an Assault Privilege — and great Abuse committed against Mr. Mainard a assaulting a Member of this House, in St. Martins Lane, as he was " e"lber’

her of Mr. Offley s, about Three or Four Days ago, he passing home last Night from the Committee of Elections, heard Mr. Offley express Words to this Effect: That it by one Henry Davison’, who without any Provocation __j i e._ assaulted Mr. and took his Sword from him,

probably with a Design to rob him, had not Mr. Mainard seized and detained him, till other Company came in: And then the said Davison being carried before Mr.

was a very unworthy and unhandsome Action of Sir Frctchvile Hollis, in opposing the Bill concerning the Lady Lee.

The House being informed, That Mr. Offley was at the Door, he was called in; and examined to the Matter charged against him: Who denied, that he ever spoke any such Words, directly or indirectly, in reference to any Debate or Bill depending in this House.

Upon the Debate of the whole Matter;

Resolved, That the further Examination of this Matter concerning Mr. Offley, be referred to the Committee of Privileges: That they proceed therein on Saturday next; summoning the Parties before them to be heard and examined thereunto; and report the same to the House.

Filmer a Justice of Peace, w here, using many Oaths, and very insolent and provoking Language, was nevertheless set at Liberty upon Bail .*

Resolved, &c. That Henry Davison be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, to answer his Misdemeanor and Breach of Privilege, in assaulting and abusing Mr. Mainard a Member

o / O O

of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Filmer be sent for to attend the House to answer the Complaint made against him.

MM Accounts.

Ditto.

Sir Wm.Lowther informs the House, that he had

Books and Papers in his Hands, relating to publick Accounts.

Ordered, That Sir TVm. Lowther deliver the saicj Books and Papers into the Hands of the Commissioners of Accompts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report of the Commissioners for Accounts be adjourned till Saturday Morning next: And the Commissioners are desired to be then present.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Eight of the Clock.

The House resumed the Consideration of the Motion for the King’s Supply:

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Motion for the King’s Supply be adjourned till Friday Mowing next, Ten of the Clock, nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Supply

Vo i. IX.

Die Sabbati, 20° Novetnbris, 21° Car. II.

Prayers.

A BILL for repairing and maintaining of Highways, Repairing was read the First time. Highways.

V e Ordered,

IIO

206 — 22° N.

A. 1669.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday, Two of the Clock Tuesday next. in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Recovery of A Bill to enable Vicars to recover their Tithes, was

Tithes. rea() Yirst time. And then the House adjourned till Monday

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time on Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Monday next.

Growth of Timber.

Bancks'

Estate.

Privilege-Assault of a Member.

Evesham

Election.

Publick

Accounts.

A Bill to preserve the Growth of Wood and Timber, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Pepis, Lord Richardson, Sir Bramps ton, Sir Robert

Carr, Col. Windham, Mr. Sir Jo. Mallet, Mr.

Orme, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Anth. Irby, Lord St. John, Sir

Wrn. Lowther, Sir Jo.Talbot, Col. Kirkby, Sir Char. Har-

bord, Col. Fran. Windham, Mr. Cheyne, Sir Wm. Coventry, Si rThom.Meres, Sir Jo. Knight, Col. Col. Phillips, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Thom. Gower, Col. Sir

Richard Everard, Sir Jo. Moreton, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Jo. Northcote, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Walter Young, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Sir Mr.

Chetwin, Mr. Onslow, Sir Fran. Rolle, Mr. Newport, Mr. Crouch, Sir Jo. Norton, Mr. Hobby, Sir Fran. Good-

rick, Mr. Culleford, Sir Fran. Compton, Mr. Spry, Sir

Jo. Covet, Sir Nico.Slatting, Col. Birch: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill of Sir Ralph Bancks, was committed; Mr. Stanley, Mr. Steward, Lord Vaughan, Sir Bainh. Throckmorton.

Mr. Filmer being called in to the Bar of the House; and Mr. Speaker demanding an Account of him of the Business relating to the Assault and Breach of Privilege to Mr. Mainard:

And having given his Answer thereto:

And Mr. Mainard being again heard; and Sir Walter Moyle called in, and heard again:

And the House being unsatisfied with the Carriage of Mr. Filmer in this Matter, as a Justice of Peace:

The Question being put, That Mr. Filmer be brought to the Bar of this House, to receive Represension, upon his Knees, for his Miscarriage;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Scc.That Mr. Attorney General be desired from this House to prefer an Information against Mr. Filmer, for this Miscarriage.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Elections, touching the Election for the Town of Evesham, be heard on Monday Morning at Ten of the Clock.

" The House then resumed the Consideration of the Report of the Commissioners of Accounts:

And the Commissioners being called in; and being j asked, whether they had any further Matter to offer or report to the House, relating to the Second Observation; the Lord Brereton read a Paper of Reasons for their said Observations; and delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; and was further heard thereunto.

The Commissioners being withdrawn; and Sir George Carteret in his Place answering to the whole Matter, did also withdraw.

Upon the Debate of all which,

Resolved, Scc. That Sir George Carteret is guilty of a Misdemeanor within the Second Observation of the Commissioners for Accounts.

Resolved, See. That this House will proceed in the further Consideration of the Report of the said Commissioners on Monday Morning next: And the Commissioners are then desired to attend.

Die Luna, 22® Novembris, 1669- 21 Car. II.

Prayers.

TTEster Palmer did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to her Naturalization.

A Petition of Richard Pearle, Gentleman, was read; Pearle'* desiring Leave for a Bill to cut off a Recovery, which tslate* was obtained by Practice:

And Leave being given, a Bill was delivered in.

A Bill on the Behalf of Richard Pearle, Gentleman, for cutting off a Recovery obtained by Practice, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time, after Ten of the Clock, on Wednesday next

A Bill to enable a Sale of Lands for Payment of the Beckham’s Debts, and raising of Portions for the younger Children Estate, of John Beckham Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

Sir Job Charlton reports from the Committee of Elec- Evesham tiens the State of the Case concerning the Election for the Election. Borough of Evesham, upon the Petition of Sir James Rushout; and the Questions arising thereupon, being Three, viz.

1. Whether the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses only, or the Burgesses at large, had the Right of Election:

2. Whether the Election was good or void:

3. Who had the Majority of Voices.

And that the Committee were of Opinion, that the common Burgesses had Voices in Election; and that the Election by the Mayor, Aldermen, and chief Burgesses, was not good: That the Election was not voted: That Sir James Rushout had the Majority of Voices, and was duly elected.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, that the Right of Election is in the common Burgesses; and that the select Election by the Mayor, Aldermen, and chief Burgesses, was not good;

The House was divided.

The N oes went out.

Tellers,

Sir Jo. Sidenham,

Sir Richard Everard,

Sir Jo. Talbott,

Col. Whitley,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Matter being debated, Whether the Denial of the Poll did avoid the Election;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, that the Election is not void;

The House was divided.

The Noes went out.

li.

A

A

k

| for the Yeas, 132. for the Noes, 120.

Tellers,

Mr. Tufton,

Mr. Buscawen,

Sir Charles Jr heeler, Mr Weld,

j- for the Yeas, 117. for the Noes, 158.

A

CommiUets.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this 19

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the Mayor of the Borough of Evesham be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Misdemeanor and Miscarriage, in making the Return for the Borough of Evesham, and denying the Poll. 6

Ordered,

2i Car. IL 220 — -23° — 24°

m

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, that the House have this Day resolved the Election to be void which was lately made upon the Death of Sir Abraham Cullen, who lately served as a Member of this House of Commons, for the Borough of Evesham in the County o desiring

him, that a Writ may issue forth, under the said Great Seal, for the electing of a new Member to serve in this present Parliament in his Place and Stead.

CoM«Dticlts. Ordered, That Col. Stroud, Lord Richardson, Sir JVm. Hayuard, be added to the Committee for suppressing seditious Conventicles.

Committee of Ordered, That Mr. Picrpoint, Sir JVm. Hartopp, Sir

Privileges. j0 Austin, Mr. Swynfen, Mr. Jo. Bennett, Mr. Foulk

Grexill, Mr. Henley, Mr. Steward, Sir Jo. Fagg, Mr.

Hambden, Mr. Edw. Lewis, Mr. Mr. Goring, be

/added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Publick / Accounts,

Ordered, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock the first Business, proceed in the further Consideration of the Report of the Commissioners for Accounts; nothing to intervene; And the Commissioners are desired to be then present.

UDil

Drlavof a Writ

A Complaint being made, of some Neglect pr Miscarriage, committed by Mr. Serjeant a Member

of this House, in detaining in his Hands the Writ for electing a Member to serve for the Town of whereby the Election hath been delayed;

And one Mr. Ferrers being called in, and heard, at the Bar of this House, what he could inform in this Matter;

And being withdrawn;

A MraiUr And Mr. Serjeant Flint being, by Command of the upgraded. House, withdrawn; and the Matter debated ;the House being of Opinion, that there was a Miscarriage in this Matter by the said Mr. Serjeant Flint; who being called into his Place, Mr. Speaker, by the Command of the House, having given him a Represension for the same: And so was excused.

of the Kingdom; and that Sir Robert Carr, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir James Smith, Sir Phill. Musgrave, do attend his G race;

and present him the Thanks of the House;

The House then resumed the Consideration of the Publick Report of the Commissioners for Accompts: Account*.

And the Third Observation being read; and the Commissioners called in; the Lord Brer did read a Paper; of the Reasons of their Observations; and was further heard thereupon: And the Commissioners being withdrawn; and the Matter debated;

Resolved, &c.That the further Consideration of tlieThird Observation be postponed, until the Observations which relate to the Commissioners of the Navy come into Debate.

The Fourth Observation was read; and the Commissioners of Accounts called in; who read and delivered in a Paper of Reasons and Instances for the said Observation; and were further heard thereunto.

The Fifth Observation was read; and the Commissioners heard, as to their Grounds and Instances for the same.

Sir George Carteret informing the House, that he must attend the House of Lords at Three of the Clock this Afternoon;

Resolved, Sec. That the further Debate of the said Observations be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock the first Business; nothing to intervene.

Cambridge*

Cora and

Grain

Measures,

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby and Mr. Otway be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for ascertaining the Measures of Com and Grain, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Lord St. John, Sir Robert Holmes, Magdalen be added to the Committee, to which the Petition con- College^ cerning St. Mary Magdalen College was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 24° Novembl66'9.

Praters.

ORDERED, That these Members following be Magdalen added to the Committee, to which the Petition of College,

St.Mary Magdalen College, in Cambridge, is committed; Cambridge. viz. Sir Lane. Lake, Dr. Burrell, Mr

Musgrave, Mr. Steward, Sir Jo. Cott, Mr. Sir

Jo. Brampston, Sir Thom. Aleves, Mr. Mr.

DanielI, Lord Allivgton, Mr. Wrigh Sir Geo. Proby.

Die Mortis, 23° Novemb. 1669-21° Car. IL T1. Mr. Street reports from the Committee, to which the Bancks*

Bill for Sir Ralph Bancks to have Satisfaction for a just Praters. Debt secured by a Mortgage, or to hold the Lands dis-

Comminte (ORDERED, That Sir Thurland, Sir Richard charged of the Equity of Redemption is committed;

if Elections, v/ Lloyd, Mr. Hatton, Mr. Street, Sir

Mr. Geo. Mountague, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Serjeant

Sets, Sir Courtny Poole; Mr. Progers, be added to the

Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Navigation,

Ordered, That the Committee to which the l3ill concerning the River IVey, was committed, do suspend their Sitting, or Proceeding in the Bill for a Fortnight.

that the Committee had met, and carefully perused the Bill; and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment thereto: And delivered in the Bill at the Clerks Table:

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Hmvgiven A Bill for taking the Account of the Sixty thousand

to hd'^ent Officers.

Precaution (a praerv* iof the Pmcc,

Jnh to Lord Will.

further Relief, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill to enable Richard Beckham Esquire, and others, Beckham’s to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, and providing Por- listate. tiens for younger Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thom.

Pound given to the indigent loyal Officers, and for their Meres, Sir Mr. Williamson, Sir Jo. Birken-

head, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Jo. Morton, Sir Jo.

Lord Richardson, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Pepis, Sir Edm.

Windham, Mr. Sir Lane. Lake, and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of Northfolke and Information being given to the House, from the Lord Suffolke: 4nd they are to meet To-mon at Two of the General, of the great Resort of dangerous and disaffected dock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And Persons to this Town; and of their Meetings and £n- to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, deavours to disturb the publick Peace; and that he had

and would take what Care he could, to prevent their A Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Traders, of of Attempts; which he did also recommend to the Care of the Port of Boston, in the County was read. C’ustom-

this House; Resolved, See. That this Petition be referred to the

Resolved, Sic. That the Thanks of this House be returned Committee appointed to consider of the Fees of the Out U leer*' to the Lord General, for his Care in preserving the Peace Ports; to take the Petition into Consideration, and what Vol. IX.

is

112

24°- — 25° Novembris. A. 1669.

is fit for the Petitioners Relief: And these Members following are added to the Committee; Sir Sandys, Sir Jo. Northcote, Col. Siroude, Mr.

Sir Anth.Irby, Col. Birch, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Walter Buckland, Sir Jo. Newton.

Lowther, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Hen. Sir

Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Nico. SMr. Whittaker, Sir

Jo. Moreton, Mr. Chetxcin, Sir Swale, Mr. Culle-

ford: And they are to meet on Tuesday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Publick /The House then resumed the Debate of the Report of Accounts. the Commissioners for Accounts:

And the Counsel of Sir George Carteret being called in

to the Bar of the House; and the fourth and fifth Observations being read; and the Counsel, as to Matter of Law', and Instances and Circumstances relating thereto, being heard; and the Commissioners of Accounts being 1 again called in; and heard; and the Matter debated;

Resolved, &c. That Sir George Carteret is guilty of a i Misdemeanor within the fifth Observation of the Commissioners for Accounts.

The sixth Observation of the Commissioners for Accounts was read: And the Commissioners of Accompts j attending; and the Counsel of Sir Geo. Carteret being called in, and heard; and the Commissioners giving

I further Reasons for this Observation;

And both being withdrawn; and the Matter debated;

Resolved, Sec. That Sir George Carteret is guilty of a Misdemeanor within the sixth Observation of the Commissioners for Accounts.

The Commissioners of Accompts being again called in; and placed by the Bar of the House; the seventh Observation of the Commissioners for Accounts was read: And the Commissioners gave their further Reasons , and Instances upon this Observation;

And Sir George Carteret having made his Defence; and the Matter being debated;

Resolved, See. That Sir George Carteret is guilty of a Misdemeanor within the said seventh Observation of the Commissioners.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Obser-

t vation, in the Report of the Commissioners for Accounts, \ be proceeded in Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock: And the Commissioners are desired to be then present.

Privilege — The Petition of Edxv. Feild, Mayor of the Borough a ^erson^ipH Evesham; praying Pardon for making a false Return fusioty1 ln of a Member to serve for the said Borough, and his Releasement from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for the same; w>as read.

Upon the Debate whereof, the said Edw. Feild w as called in to the Bar of the House: And there, upon his Knees, received the Reprimand by Mr. Speaker, for his Miscarriage and Misdemeanor in this Matter; and, that, in hopes of his better Behaviour in the Return of the future Election, his Offence was remitted, and he ordered to be at Liberty.

Ordered, That Edw. Feild, Mayor of the Borough of Evesham, now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, be discharged, paying his Pees.

Committee of Ordered, That Mr. Vowell and Sir Thom. Cary be added

Privileges, to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 25° Novembris, 1669- 21* Car. II.

P It A Y E R S.

Recovery of A BILL to enable Vicars to receive their Tithes, Tithes. ,/jl was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crouch, Mr. Pepis, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Cory ton, Sir

Phill. Musgrave, Mr. Morice, Sir Knight, Sir

Northcote, Col. Birch, Sir Robert Harvard, Lord Richardson, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Jo.Birkenhead, Dr. Burrell, Mr.

Sir Jo.Morley, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Daniel/, Sir Jonath. Trclaxcny, Mr. HungerfordSir Talbott, Sir Wm.

A Bill to confirm and establish an Inclosure of Part Duffeild of the Forest of Duffeild Frith, in the County of Derby, Frith was read the First time. Inclosure.

The Question being put, That the Bill be rejected;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the Report of Sir Charles Harbord, Crown touching the Alienation of Crown Lands, be read, and Lands, taken into Consideration on this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That an Order be sent to the Sheriff of Privilege — Norxcich, to discharge Mr. Francis Corye, a Member of Detention of this House, out of Prison; being detained upon mean a Member-Process, that he may attend the Service of the House.

A Petition of Sn'Edzv. Fits Harris Baronet, and Phill. Lord Alden Gentleman, was read; to which there was affixed Orrery’s Im-a Paper, containing several Articles of Impeachment peachiaent. against the Earl of Orrery of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanours; which was also read:

And the Petitioners being called in to the Bar of this House; and the Petition and Articles shewed to them, which they did own; and averred, that the Matters were acted, and Words spoken, since the Act of Oblivion; and were ready to make out the Particulars by Proof:

And so withdrew.

The Petitioners being again called in; Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that the Charge in the Articles being in Part treasonable, the House desired to know, whether, as to that, they w’ere Witnesses, or Prosecutors:

To which they made Answer, That they were only Prosecutors to that Part; and that one of their Witnesses, to make Proof of it, was in Town; but they had others, which were not: And desired a Warrant of Summons, and Time to bring them in.

And they being w ithdraw n; and the Matter debated;

The Question being proposed, Whether this Charge against the Lord Orrery does contain any treasonable Matter;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

The House divided:

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Carr,

Sir John Coventry,

Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Clerke,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put, Whether this Charge against the Lord OiTery does contain in it any treasonable Matter;

.It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Lord Orrery be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go to the Lord Orrery, and let him know, he has the Order of this House to bring him in Custody to this House, to answer a Charge exhibited against him:

And, if he find him in a Condition not able to come, then to leave a Servant to attend him, till he is: And that he do also deliver him a Copy of the Charge exhibited against him.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of the pui, iick Report of the Commissioners of Accounts be adjourned Accounts, till Monday Morning: And the Commissioners are then; desired to be present.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Committees. Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Two of the Clock

in

For the Yeas, 182. j- For the Noes, 144.

21 Car. II. 25°- — :$6° — 270 — 29

k

Repairing

Highways.

k. Nat.

Supply.

in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 26° Novembris, 1669- 21 Car. II.

Prayers.

JjOratio Woodhouse did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order for his Naturalization.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining the Highways, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Anth.Irby, Sir Hen. Sir

Mr. Clarke, Lord Richardson, Sir Charles Sir

Thom. Allen, Sir Jo. Stroud, Mr. Street, Sir Solom. Swale,

Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Morice, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Pepis, Lord AUington, Mr. Newport, Sir Musgrave,

Sir H alter Young, Dr. Arris, Mr. Sir Geo.

Reeve, Mr. Progers, Mr. Ham Mr. Culleford, Sir Jonath. Trelawny, Mr. Williamson, Sir/o. Morton, Lord

Fanshaxv, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Crouch, Col. Birch,

Sir Jo.Covet, Sir Jo. Northcote, Col. Phillips, Sir Rouse, Sir Jo. Kirle, Col. litanies, Mr. Whittaker, Mr.

Herbert, Sir Thom.Windy, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Hobby,

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come shall have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration the Debates of the House: And to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

’i. Ordered, That Horatio Woodhouse, Matthew Hebert, and Isabella Beovey, having taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

The House, according to former Order, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, in order to the Consideration of the Motion for the King’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the Motion for the King’s Supply; and came to this Resolution; viz. That an Aid be granted to his Majesty, not exceeding Four hundred thousand Pounds not to be raised by a Land Tax, nor Home Excise.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that an Aid be granted to his Majesty, not exceeding Four hundred thousand Pounds, not to be raised by a Land Tax, nor Home Excise.

Ordered, That this House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

DieSabbati,27° Ntxvemb.1669- 21® II.

hdyUe’i

Wt

\:cl

uLCB-

n3

senting to, the Bill, without Alteration or Amendment And delivered in the Bill at the Clerk’s Table.'

Ordered, That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That William Whitmorebe sentforfn Custody Privilege,

of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer a Breach of Privilege, in causing Mr. Pepys, a Member of this House, to be served with a Subpoena, out of the Chancery, to appear there, contrary to the Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Hambden, Sir Strode, Mr. Committee of Walden, Sir John Fogg, Mr. Geo. 1VelSir Jo. Covert, Privileges.

Sir Jo. Norton, Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Thom. Peyton, Col.

Hollis, Sir Nico. Steward, Mr. Fount, Mr. Fagg, Mr.

Law. Hide, Mr. John Strangwaies, Mr. Henley, Sir Jo.

Kcrle, Sir Wm. Fenwick, Sir Robert Paston, Col. Windham, Sir Capel Luckin, Mr. Morris, Sir Jo. Mr.

Prideaux, Mr. Austin, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

A Bill for taking the Account of Threescore thousand Money given Pound given to the indigent loyal Officers, was read the to indigent Second time. Officer*.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Browne, Col. Reames, Mr. Caraway, Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Courtny Poole, '

Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Jo. Earnley, Col. Grey, Sir Jo. Talbott, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Jo. Moreton, Mr. ris, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir James Smith, Col. Phillips,

Sir Thom. 11atimer, Sir Jo. Northcote, Col. Williams, Mr.

Marvell, Sir 'Thom. Clifford, Sir FLeeke, Mr. caxven, Mr. Bridgman, Col. Birch, Mr. Sir

Gilbert Talbott, Sir Jonath.Trelawny, Sir Wm.

Mr Cheyne, Sir77wm. Mompesson, Mr. Edm. Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. Williamson, Sir Jo. Mainard, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Buller:

And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to take the Debates of the House into Consideration; and to provide particularly to discharge the Commissioners for publick Accounts of this Business; and to provide other Commissioners, either to be appointed by his Majesty, or named in the Bill: And to send lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Members that shall come to the Magdalene Committee, to which the Business concerning Magdalene College, College, was committed, shall have Voices. Cambridge.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Litnce, 29° Novembris,1669- 21° Car. II.

Prayers.

RD E RED, That Mr. Milwar have the Leave of Leave for this House to attend the House of Lords in a Cause Member to there depending, wherein one Mr. Owen is concerned.

attend Lords.

Prayers.

SI R Allen Brodrick reports from the Committee, to which the Bill for settling Differences between the Lady Eliz. Lee, and the Daughters and Coheirs of Sir Thomas Pope, was committed; that the Committee had met, and carelully perused the Bill; and summoned and heard all Parties concerned, by themselves, and their Couniel: And that they were satisfied with, and con-Vol. IX.

Ordered, That the Cause, touching the Election for Bridgewater the Town of Bridgwater, be heard before the Committee Election, of Election, on Thursday next.

Ordered, That all that shall come to the Committee, Conventicles, concerning Conventicles, shall have Voices.

A Bill to enable Mr. Richard Hotchkin to sell Lands Hotchkin’s in Leicestershire, was read the First time. Estate.

F f Resolved,

Clothe

stealing.

Ditto.

Leave of Absence.

Tolls on the Medway.

Representation to the King.

Sale of Offices.

Extortion.

Publick

Accounts.

Chester

Writ.

Privilege.

i* Decembris- 1669.

114 290 Novembris-

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be read the Second time On Wednesdaynext.

A Petition of the Clothiers in Gloucestershire was read; and Leave given for bringing in a Bill on their Behalf.

A Bill for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from such as feloniously cut and steal Cloth from the Rack, in the Night-time, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Everardhmt the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys the younger have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, for Recovery of his

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Grievances, the State of the Case upon the Petition of the Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels trading from Essex and Kent to London, and other Parts, and passing by the Fort at Gravesend, of which Sir John Griffith is Governor; that the Committee, upon full Examination of the whole Matter, had passed the Resolve following; viz.

That Sir John Griffith, and his Instruments, compelling the Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels, trading from Essex and Kent upon the Thames, to pay Eighteen Pence,

and other Sums, before they might pass by the Fort of Gravesend, whereof he is Governor, is a Grievance.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in the Resolve aforesaid;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Petition of Sir John Griffith was read: And the Matter debated:

Resolved, &c. That this Matter of Grievance is an high Extortion.

Resolved, See. That this Matter of Grievance and high Extortion, be represented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Mr.

Serjeant Mainard, Sir Richard Temple, Mr.

Sir Phill.Musgrave, Six Thom. Meres, Mr. Coleman, orany

Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill for Prevention of the Sale of Offices: And also to prepare and bring in another Bill to make Extortion of Money, contrary to Law, more penal: And also to prepare and bring in a third Bill, for regulating and ascertaining, and to prevent Exaction, of Fees in Offices: And the especial Care of these Bills is recommended to Mr. Serjeant Mainard.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report of the Commissioners for Accounts be adjourned till Friday Morning next: And the Commissioners are desired to be then present.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England of the Death of Peter Venables Esquire, who lately served as Knight of the Shire for the County of Chester; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth, under the Great Seal, for the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament in his Place and Stead.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 1° Decembris, 1669. 21 Car. II.

Prayers.

UPON Complaint made of a Breach of Privilege, committed by one *, in arresting of Robert

Haines, a menial Servant of Sir a Mem-

ber of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Speaker, to examine the Matter complained of, and give such Order therein, as he shall find just.

A Bill for rebuilding the City of Lbeing tendered, Rebuilding

and read; but there being a Clause in it to lay a Tax on London, the People without Leave of the House, was ordered to be withdrawn; and Leave given for a Bill to be brought in Tomorrow Morning, with a blank Clause for Continuation of the Imposition on Coals.

A Petition of William Whitmore Esquire, nowin Cus- privilege. — tody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege, Petition from was read. a Person in

Resolved, &c. That William Whitmore Esquire, be dis- cu, tad.T* charged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the House be called'over on Saturday next. Call of the

House.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill Yarmouth with an Imposition on Goods, for the Repair of Yar- Pier-mouth Pier.

The Lord Orrery attending near the House, and de- LordOrreiVs siring Admittance, to give Answer to the Articles of Im- impeach- ’ peachment exhibited against him; and being called in, ment. and placed in his Seat, near the Bar of the House; and, being infirm, and unable to stand, was admitted to give in his Answer sitting in the House. And every one of the Ten Articles being distinctly read to him, he did, upon reading of each particular Article, give in his Answer thereto, in order as they are writ down, and were read: And withdrew.

The Question being propounded, That a Day be appointed for the Accusers to produce Witnesses to make good the Charge against the said Earl of Orrery;

And the Question being put, That the Question be now put;

The House was divided

The Noes go forth.

Tellers,

JUrd Saint John,) For ,he Noes,4.

Mr. Progers, J ’

Sir Charles Sidney, \ p , y fi Sir John Mounson, J ’

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put, That a Day be appointed for the Accusers to produce Witnesses to make good the Charge against the said Earl of Orrery;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Carr,

Sir John Knight,

Sir FretchvilleHollis,

Sir Cli fford Clif ton,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That this Accusation against the Earl of Orrery be left to be prosecuted at Law;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Col. Birch informing the House, That he, and some Leave de-other Members of the House, had received a Note, de- nied for siring them to attend a Committee of the House of Lords Members to concerning Trade, moved for the Leave of the House to atUn ords attend the said Committee.

The Question being put, That Col. Birch, and the rest of the Members, have Leave of this House to attend the Committee;

It

| for the Yeas, 118. j- for the Noes, 121.

Ordered, That Adam Baines be sent for in Custody of Privilege of* the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach Member in of Privilege in proceeding to Trial at Law against the aSuit Servants and Tenants of the Lord Mandevile, after, he had Notice my Lord would insist on his Privilege.

3i Oar* II. i 2° — 3 Decembris.

115

'1* ilt '

rtt.

P*si;

«a*.

dies

"iw

ant,.

w.

ill.

I#*

d for

L-

It passed in the Negative.

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee for Grievances, ap-Grievances. pointed to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned to the Day appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovts, 2° Decemb1 21 Car. II.

Prayers.

JOHN Jacob Berlu did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Rebuilding A Bill for Continuance of a former Act, and for re-hradoo. building the City of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday Morning next

Beckham’s Ordered, That Sir Thom. Tomkins, Sir Jo. Brampston, Estate. Mr. Owen, Sir Geo. ProberMr. Coleman, Mr. Street, Major General Langhome, Col. Mr. Crouch,

Lord Fanshaw, Col. KirkSir Sir

Clifford Clif ton, Mr. Whittaker, be added to the Committee to which the Bill of Mr. Beckham is committed.

Yarmouth A Bill for repairing and maintaining the Haven and Piet. Pier of Yarmouth, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read the Second time on Tuesday next.

Committee Ordered, That these Members following be added to of Election, the Committee of Elections; viz. Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Newport, Mr. John Bennett, Mr. St. John, Mr. Tanner,

Sir Fran. Anderson, Mr. Hatton, Mr. Roger James,

Sir John Northcote.

Regulating Ordered, That Sir Thomas Goner, Sir Phill. imt. Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Pepys, Sir Land her, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Them. Air. Or me,

Mr. Marvel, Sir Jo. Knight, and all that serve for Yorkshire, Lancashire, and Cornwall, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Jurors is committed.

Answer to Mr. Secretary Trevor acquaints the House, That his Vcscnta- Majesty had commanded him to let the House know, son. that he had examined the Matter, concerning Sir John Griffith, and his Instruments, compelling the Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels trading upon the River of Thames, to pay certain Sums of Money, before they pass by the Fort of Gravesend: And finding, both by his own Confession, and other Evidence, the Truth of this Fact, his Majesty hath commanded him to let this House know, that he thinks fit not to continue him any longer Governor, and that he will give Order to discharge him.

Resolved, See. That the humble Thanks of this Ilouse be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Message to this House, in the Matter relating to Sir John Griffith; and that such Members of this Ilouse, that are of the Privy Council, do present the Thanks of the House to his Majesty.

fypty. The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, in order to the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply, and came to these Resolutions,- viz.

That the Aid to his Majesty shall be raised by an Imposition on Wine, mid other Foreign Liquors, and upon

Vol. IX.

French Linen; and that the House do send to the Farmers, and the King’s Officers of the Custom House, for a just Account of what Foreign Liquors, and French Linens, hath been imported between Michaelmas l t>iT7, and Michaelmas l obq; and also a particular Account of what Foreign Liquors hath been imported from Midsummer 1668, to Michaelmas i Mg: And that the Commissioners for levy-

ing the new' Imposition on Wines and other Liquors, do bring in an Account of what they have collected of the said Duty, and what they have secured: And that the Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts do also bring in an Account of what they have before them of the Collection of this Duty: Ana that the House will resolve into a Committee on Monday Morning next, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Aid to his Majesty shall be raised by an Imposition on Wine and other Foreign Liquors, and upon French Linen:

That the Farmers and King's Officers of the Custom House do bring in a just Account, by Monday Morning next, of what Foreign Liquors, and French Linens, hath been imported between Michaelmas 1667, and Michaelmas 1669; and also a particular Account of what Foreign Liquors hath been imported between Midsummer 1668, and Michaelmas 1669:

That the Commissioners for levying the new Imposition on Wines and other Liquors imported, do bring in an Account on Monday Morning next, of what they have collected of the said Duty, and what they have secured:

That the Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts do send in an Account to this House, of what they have before them of the Collection of the new Imposition on V ines, and other imported Liquors, by Monday Morning next:

That this House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Skelton’s, the Committee to which the Bill for Naturalization, is *r* ^al-committed; viz. Mr. Newport, Col. Reames, Sir John Knight, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Hollis, Mr.

Hatton, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Edw. Windham: And they are to sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 3° Decembris,1669- 21° Car. II.

Prayers.

fffAmuell Shepheard, and Stalz Ahrens, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their, Naturalization.

Ordered, That Col. Phillips and Mr. Johnson be Committee added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections. 01 Pnvilcge*

Ordered, That Sir Richard Wiseman, Mr. Spry, Sir Gostwick’s Adam Browne, Col. Whitley, Col. Stroud, Sir Thom. Estate. Meres, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Sir Wm. is committed.

A Bill to enable Sir Thomas Williamson to sell Lands YVilliamson’s' to pay Debts, was read the First time. Estate.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Monday next.

A Bill to settle Lands on Robert Hotchkin the younger, Hotchkin’# Gentleman, was read the Second time. Estate.

Resolved,

16

3* — 40 Decembris.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Finch, Sir Mr. Morris, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir IVm. Sir Thom.

Allen, Sir Anth.Irby, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Crouch, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thomas Cary, Mr. Cullejord, Sir Adam Browne Sir vile Hollis, Sir Jo. Northcote, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir Allen Broderick, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Sir

Jo. Mounson, Col. Kirkby, Col. Birch, Sir Hanmer,

Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Hen. Newton, Mr. Pleydall, and all the Members of this House which serve for Leicestershire, Lancashire, Lincolnshire, Derbyshire, and Notting-

A. 1669.

Tellers,

Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. JRobarts, Mr. Tufton,

Sir Thorn. Dolman,

| for the Yeas, 70. for the Noes, no.

And so it passed in the Negative. \

The House proceeded to the reading the Ninth and\ Tenth Observations: \

And having heard the Commissioners for Accounts; and the said Sir Geo. Carteret, and his Counsel, in Manner as aforesaid; and debated the whole Matter;

Resolved, That Sir Geo. Carteret is guilty of a Misde-hamshire: And they are to meet on Monday next at meanour, within the said Ninth and Tenth Observations, i Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Resolved, That this House will proceed on Wednesday i Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Re- Morning next, in the further Consideration of the Report/ cords. of the Commissioners for Accounts. /

Cloth- A Bill to make stealing of Cloth from Racks Felony

stealing. without Clergy, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robei't Atkins, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Fran. Goodrick, Sir Jo. Malet, Sir Jo.Knight, Sir Wm. Sir Jo. Talbott,

Mr. Seymour, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Chetwin, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Carr, Sir Thom.

Allen, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Phillips, Sir Cary,

Sir Jo.Northcote, Sir Thom.Hanmer, Mr. Cullejord, Col.

Birch, Sir Herbert Price, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Devon, Somersett, Yorke, and Kent: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Pnze and A Bill to regulate the making of Prize and Cotton in Cotton Ma- the Town of Brecknock, was read the Second time, nuiacture. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Price, Sir John Knight, Mr. Crouch, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Coventry, Sir Meres, Sir Norton Knatchbold, Mr Mr. Pleydall, Mr, Hen.

Herbert, Sir Jo. Ernley, Mr. Ferris, Mr. Sir

Jo. Moreton, Sir Walter Mr. Sir Jo.

Cotton, Sir Jo. Mounson, Col. Birch, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Jo. Sir Wm. Lotcther, Sir Talbott, Mr. Spry, Mr. Sir Thom. Hanmer,

Mr. Crouch, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Thomas Cary, Sir Leicis, Sir Clerke, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Anth. Irby, and all the Members that serve for Wales, and the Marches of Wales: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 4" Decembris, 1669- 21 Car. II. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reports the Case of Robert Hume, Ser- Privilege, vant to Sir John Prettyman, arrested, and in the Prison of the King's Bench: That he w as heretofore a Merchant, but left off his Trade about Five Years since; and that in August last he was entertained a Servant to Sir John Prettyman, at Twelve Pound per Annum.

W ages; and was employed in recovering his Rents; and was arrested in Four several Actions of the Case of a hundred Pound apiece.

The Question being put, That Privilege be allowed to Robert Humes, as menial Servant to Sir John;

The House divided.

The Yeas went out. Tellers,

Sir John Covert,

Sir Thom. Gori er, Sir Fran. Goodrick, Sir Nico.

X

J

1

for the Yeas, 29. for the Noes, 19.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench do discharge Robert Humes, menial Servant to Sir John

o 7

Prettyman, (being arrested in Breach of Privilege) out of Prison.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued

be revived, and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Bridgwater Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Election. Elections, touching the Election of the Town of Bridgwater, be heard on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Publick The House, according to former Order, proceeded

Accounts. upon the Report of the Commissioners for Accounts:

The Eighth Observation of the said Commissioners upon the Accounts of Sir Geo. Carteret was read.

And the Commissioners being called in;'the Lord Brereton, in the Name of the rest, was heard, as to their Grounds, Reasons, and Instances to the same.

And Sir George Carteret and his Counsel was heard, in Defence thereto.

And afterward they all withdrew.

Upon the Debate of all which, the Question being put. That Sir Geo. Carteret is guilty of a Misdemeanour, within the said Eighth Observation;

The House was divided.

The Y ea$ go forth.

Mr. Steward reports from the Committee to which the Beckham’s Bill for Sale of Lands for Payment of the Debts, and Estate, raising Portions for the younger Children, of John Beckham, was committed, some Amendments to be made to the said Bill: "Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which, being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That John Stone, Attorney for Mr. Richard Privilege — Thomas, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms Suing a attending this House, to Answer his Breach of Privilege, Member, in suing Mr. HumfryOrme, a Member of this House, to the Exigent, whilst he is attending the Service of this House.

A Bill to enable a Sale of Land for Payment of a Conquest’s Debt of Two thousand Four hundred Pounds, of Colonel Estate. 5 Conquest, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solom. Swale, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Crouch, Sir Lane.

Lake, Col. Whitley, Col. Reames, Sir Jo. Malet, Mr.

Orme, Sir Fran. Goodrick, Sir Humfry Winch, Sir Jo. 4,

25 , r

2i Gar. II.

40 — 6P Decembris.

117

Mn. Mainard, Mr. Robarts, Sir JFw. Coventry, House for the Borough of in the County of

Sir Echo. Phillips, Sir Jo.Rom, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Cornwall, desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under Col. Windham, Mr. Milward', Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Charles the Great Seal for a new Election of a Member to serve

Harbord, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Jo. in this present Parliament in his place and stead.

Knight, Sir Walter St. John, Col. Phillips, Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Wren, Sir Robert CatT, Mr. Edw. Phillips, Mr. Ferrers, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Bedford and Gloucester: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committee of Ordered, That Mr. Robert Robarts be added to the Elections. Committee of Elections.

Lady

Prettiman’s

Petition.

Ordered, That the Bill for Sir Cutbert Heron be read Heron’s Tomorrow Morning. Estate.

Ordered, That the Committee concerning the River Wev Wey do forbear sitting for Ten Days. Navigation.

Ordered, That the Bill of Sir Thomas Williamson be Williamson’* read Tomorrow Morning. Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill for enabling the Dean of St. Dean of Paule’s to build a Mansion-house, be read Tomorrow ^t- Paule’s

tees.

A Petition of Dame Theodosia Prettiman was read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their

Opinions therein, to the House; viz.Mr. Crouch, Sir

Fran. Gaodrick, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir Solpm.Swale, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Anth.

Irby, Lord Ancram, Mr. Morice, Sir Jo. Bennet, Sir Jo.

Knight, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Waller, Serj. Mainard, Sir

Jo. Talbott, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Wm. Loiother, Sir x.auy fff

Jo. Mala, Mr. Newport, Sir" Thom.Gmcr, Mr. Lmelace, Po*elate Earl of Dm ‘

y,?y, £°'01,al Mr' An ingrossed Bill for confirming the Estate of Sir i«u

rleydaU, Lord Richardson, Mr, Robarts, Mr. Or me, r> / *1 u itlpi i,

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are Ralt.'hf"f*' ,n A «ilY ’ "" 7a ,u

to meet on Monday next at TwoV the Clock in the r-JlZfu L A a , f a ' o TI A"df 7 Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for bf- A" Ac‘for Estate of S,r

Persons Pnn.rs R.H. Ra¥‘Bmcks the Manor of 7ttttakl.

Morning. . Ho""'

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Differences betw een j,a(ty Lee’* the Lady Eliz. Lee, and the Coheirs of Sir Thomas Pope Estate, lately Earl of Downe, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And the Title shall be, An Act for settling the Differences between the Lady Eliz. Lee, and the Coheirs of Sir Thomas

me.

Ntv

Business.

Call of the House.

Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That from henceforth no new Business be received or entertained before the Day of the Recess of the House.

Resolved, That the House be called over on this Day Sevennight: And the House will then resolve of the Punishment of the present Defaulters; as also of such as shall neglect their Duty in attending the Service of the House for the future, after the Recess.

Committees. The Question being put, That all Committees but this last appointed be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Lord Ancram,

Sir Robert Howard,

Sir John Cory ton,

Colonel Stroud,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, that all Committees but this last appointed be adjourned.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to peruse the Journal of this House, every Saturday in the Afternoon: And, if there be any Mistake in Writing, to rectify the same: And if they find any Omission or Mistake in the Entry of the Votes and Orders of the House, to report the same to the House: And that it be referred to Sir Thorn. Lee, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Wm. Lmther, Sir Lane.Lake, Mr. Steward, Sir Metres, Sir Walter Young, Sir Birkenhead, Sir

Solrn. Swale, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Fran. Goodrich; or any Three of them.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

J for the Yeas, j- for the Noes,

66.

36.

Committee

for

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply. House, to take into Consideration his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That, they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and came to this Resolution;

That the Duty that shall be imposed on Wines, towards the raising of Four hundred thousand Pounds for an Aid to his Majesty, shall be paid at the Custom-house by the Importer; and that the House would resolve into a Committee again on Thursday Morning next, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply'.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Duty that shall be imposed on Wines, towards the Raising the Pour hundred thousand Pounds for an Aid to his Majesty, shall be paid at the Customhouse, by the Importer.

Resolved, Sec. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Thursday Morning next, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Die Lunce, 0° JDecembris, 1

Prayers.

pEter van Ruyfen did this Day take the

of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order

Oaths to his

Naturalization.

Uwithiell Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Writ Keeper of the Great Seal of England of the Death of John

Btdleele Esquire, who lately served as a Member of this Vol.IX.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners pubj!ck for taking the publick Accounts were at the Door; they Account*, were called in: And, by the Hands of Colonel Osborne, delivered in an Abstract of Accounts by them received from the Commissioners for the new Imposition on Wines and other imported Liquors; as likew ise an Abstract of Accounts received from the Farmers of his Majesty's Customs of Wines entered at his Majesty’s Custom-houses in London, and Out Ports.

The said Commissioners being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Commissioners he desired to give in to this House an Estimate of the Value tin’s new Imposition on Wines and other Imported Liquors would have amounted unto, in case the Duty had been truly collected; as also an Account of the Frauds and Cheats they have observed in the Collection of the said Duty, on Thursday Morning next; when this House will he ready to receive the same, and what further they have to offer thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Gg

ii8

Decembris.

A1669.

Die Martis, T Decembris, 1669- 21 Car. II. Prayers.

Lindsey

Level.

Heron’e

Estate.

&c. That this Bill be committed to Sir J. Frederick, Col. Sandys, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Jo. North-cote, Sir Mr. Serj. Mr. Buscawen,

TJEnry Hebert did this Day take the Oaths of Alle- Sir JVm. Sir Jo. Mr. Clarke, Sir Phill.

giance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Sir Mr.

Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization. Mr Sir Richard Breames, Colonel Birch, Sir

Thom. Allen, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Jo. Moreton, Sir Job Ordered, That the Papers and Exhibits which concern Charlton, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Jo. Morley, Sir Lewis,

Lindsey Level be delivered to such as shall be employed Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Knight, Mr. and trusted on the Behalf of the Country, to peruse, and Crouch, Mr. Mr. Price, Mr. Moris, Sir

return again on Thursday Morning. Lowther, S'wWm.Tompson, Mr.

Hambden, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Pleydall, Sir Geo. Downing, A Bill to enable Sir Cutbert Heron to sell Lands to Dr. Burrell, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Sir Jo.

pay Debts, and provide for younger Children, was read Coryton, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Mr. Pepys,

the First time. Sir Harvy, Col. Windham, Sir Thom. Wendy, Sir

Williamson’s Estate.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time on Saturday next.

A Bill to enable Sir Thomas Williamson to make a Sale

Brampston, Lord St.John, Mr. Alderman Bence, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Sir Sir

Meres, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Coleman, Sir Phill. Warwick, Sir Lord Sir Mr.

of Lands to pay Debts contracted for his late Majesty’s Mr. Williamson, Mr. Newport, Sir Jo.

Service, was read the Second time. head, Mr. Gray, Lord Williams, Sir Edzv. Hunger-

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Anth.ford, Mr. Love, Sir Howard, Sir Lee, Sir Irby, Sir JVm.Doyley, Sir JVm.Coventry, Sir JVm. Mr. Col. Sir Sir

Hickman, Mr. Chkhley, Sir Solom.Szvale, Sir Jo. Dozeney, Jo. Show, Mr.' Dennis, Sir JValter Young, Lord Ancram,

Sir Phillip Musgrave, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Fran. Sir Thom. Clergis, and all the Members that serve for the Goodrich, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Chetwin, Sir JVm. Lore-City of London, Westminster, and And all

ther, Mr. Crouch, Mr Hobby, Mr. Clarke, Sir Richard that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to

Francklyn, Col. Phillips,_Mr. Gray, Sir Jo.Mainard, meet on at Two of the Clock in the After-

;5*.'! I.'--'

jbi

Ciii

'Yarmouth

Pi«r.

Mr. Musgrave, Sir Jo. Talbott, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Yorke, Lincolne, and Nottingham: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining of the Haven and Pier of Yarmouth, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Coventry, Sit JVm. Doyley, Col. Phillips, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Jo. Talbot, Sir JVm.Hickman, Sit Thom. Gower, Lord Richardson, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr.

noon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to take into Consideration the Debates of the House: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Building building the Churches in the City of London. b London.

Sir Job Charlton reports from the Committee of Elec- Bridgwater tiens the State of the Case, as to the Election for the Election. Town of Bridgwater, between Sir Francis Rolle and Mr.

Palmer: That the Right of Election was in the Majority of the Corporation, consisting of a Mayor, Aldermen,

.L’,

I: id

King, Sir Char. Harbord, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Ratcliff, and capital Burgesses, in Number Twenty-four; and that Mr. Tufton, Col. Miheard, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Lane.so many Persons were present, and gave Votes in the

Lake, Sir Solom. Szvale, Sir Thom. Proby, Col. Reames, --i: A J "l ' '

i':d

fv

ruf

Mr. Jaye, Mr. Crouch, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Newport, Sir Jo.Coryton, Mr. Chetwin, Mr. Crooke, Sir

Harvy, Col. Windham, Mr. Pepis, and all the Members that serve for the Port Towns: And to take the Debates

Election: And there being Twelve Voices for Mr. Palmer, and Eleven for Sir Francis Rolle, the Mayor, as Burgess, gave his Voice for him; whereby the Voices were even: and then as Mayor gave his casting Voice: Upon which the Return was made for Sir Fran. Roll:

Brandy, &c. importing.

of the House into Consideration: And they are to meet Which Mr. Palmer complains is undue; for that some on Thursday next, at Twro of the Clock in the After- . of those who took upon them to give their Voices for Sir noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Fran. Roll,-were not elected Burgesses; neither were Persons, Papers, and Records. they in a Capacity to be made Burgesses, being debarred

by the Act for regulating Corporations; and Three of Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter them by Practice and Design brought in the very Day of touching Brandy and strong Waters, 8$c.and the Petition Election, though not qualified according to the Act for of the Distillers against the Importation of Brandy and Corporations; and being all Persons holding Conventicles strong Waters, is committed, be revived; and do sit in their Houses, and resorting to them, in others; and on Friday next in the Afternoon: And all Parties and refusing to conform or resort to the Service of the Church,

Dean of St. Paule’s House.

Lady

Prettiman’s

Petition.

Witnesses therein concerned are then to attend.

Ordered, That the Dean of St. Paule’s Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Petition

or receive the Sacrament, as the Act does enjoin; and one of them being, at the time of his being elected Burgess, actually excommunicated, and not absolved till after the Election of the Burgess to serve in Parliament: Which Matter, and Witnesses touching the same, were examined before the Committee: And the next Question

of the Lady Prettiman is committed, do sit on Friday which did arise, was, whether, and how far, the Mayor next: And that the Marshall of the King’s Bench do was qualified to give his Voice in the Election, admitting the n, and from time to time, as the Committee shall there w ere no Exception to any other of the Electors: appoint, let the said Lady have Liberty, with a Keeper, And that the Committee, upon Examination of the w hole to attend the Committee; and also to attend her Counsel Matter, had agreed on Two Votes; viz

Cloth-

stealing.

Rebuilding

London.

in the mean time.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill to make the Cutting and Stealing of Cloth from the Rack Felony without Clergy, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

A Bill for rebuilding the City of London was read the 'Second time.

That Sir Fran. Roll was not duly elected.

That Mr. Palmer was duly elected.

Which Matter being debated at large in the House;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, that Sir Francis Rolle was not duly chosen;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee that Mr. Palmer was duly elected for the Town of Bridgwater;

The

ai Car. II. 7°~8° — -90 , up

The House divided:

The Noes went out.

Tellers, Sir John Fit Williams,

Mr. Morris,

Mr. Henley,

Mr. Marvell,

And so it was resolved in i

j. for the Yeas, 167.

j. for the Noes, 80.: Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Gerrard and Mr. Harris Fees of Cm-he added to the Committee for the Business concerning toms, the Out Ports.

The Clerk of the Crown, and the Mayor of the Town Bridgwater of Bridgwater, being called in; and the Return of Sir Return Francis Roll being produced; his Name was rased out; amended-and the Name of Mr. Peregrine Palmer inserted in.

Hotchkins1 Ordered, That the Committee to which Mr. s

Estate- Bill is committed, be revived, and sit this Afternoon.

Committee Ordered, That all Matters depending before the Com-of Privileges, mittee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned till the Meeting of the Committee after the Recess.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 8° Decemb. 1669. 21 Car. II.

Prayers.

QHristianus Harell did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Rogues and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Riotea Discovery and Punishment of Rogues, that do make Riots, and do Mischief to Mens Houses, and Goods, and Cattles, in the Night: And that Mr. Clarke do bring in the Bill.

Mitat Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper wp, L of the Great Seal of England of the Death of Sir John Lewkenor Knight of the Bath, who lately served as a Member of this House for the Borough of Midhurst in the County of Sussex: desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth, under the Great Seal, for a new Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Don of An ingrossed Bill to enable the Dean of St. to

a. Pole’s make Leases, was read.

House. Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act to enable the Dean of St. Paule's to make Leases.

Ordered, That those which were ordered to prepare a Extortion. Bill against Extortion, do meet this Afternoon; and expedite and bring in the Bill with what Speed they can.'

A Petition of the Inhabitants of with the pees of cUg-

Towns adjacent in the County of was read. toms*

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Matter concerning the Fees of the Out Ports was committed; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Publick of the Commissioners for Accounts be adjourned till Friday Accounts. Morning next, Ten of the Clock; nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Af- Committees, ternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the ('lock in the Afternoon; except the Committee of Grievances and the Committee last appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 9° Decembris, lG'6'9.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir John Norton, Sir Yarmouth

head, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Collins, and the Mem- Pier-bers that serve for the Counties of Northfolke an * Suffolhe, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for repairing and maintaining Yarmouth Pier, was committed.

Sir Wm. Coventry reports from the Committee to which Skelton’s,&e. the Bill for Naturalization was committed, some Amend- Nat. ments to be made to the said Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be ingrossed; with Liberty for such Persons as shall bring Certificates for their receiving the Sacrament, before Saturday Morning, to be inserted into the Bill.

Regulating A Bill to prevent Exorbitances and Abuses in electing A Bill for taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made Taking Affi-Eitctions. of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Second use of in the Exchequer, was read the Second time. davits in the time. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir So- Country.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sey- lom. Swale, Sir John Knight, Sir Goodrich, Mr.

mour, Mr. Clarke, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Morice, Sir Jo.Steward, Serj. Mainard, Sir Jo. Frederick, Sir Jo.

Moreton, Mr. Bertu, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir kinhead, Lord Richardson, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir

PhiU.Musgrave, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Wm.Lmcther, Irby, Allen, S wThom. Gower, Sir Jo. Ernley, Sir

Mr. Waller, Sir Fran. Goodrich, Col. Windham, Sir Jo. Wm. Coventry, Sir Jo. Northcote, Sir John Talbott, Lord Allington, Sir Nico. Slaning, Sir Jonath. Sir Nico. Cary, Sir Nico. Slaning, Mr. Seymour, Mr.

Trelamey, S\r Job Charlton, Sir Them. Atkins, Sir Thomas Milward, Sir Jo. Cory ton, Sir Herbert, Sir Jo.

Allen, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Adam Browne, Dr. Burrell, Talbott, Mr. Crouch, Col. and all the Gentle-

Col. Reames, Six Thom. Meeres, Sir Jo. Northcote, Lord men of the Long Robe: And they are to meet To-Fanshaw, Mr. Pleydall, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Lovelace, morrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Set Thom. Gower, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Nico. Cary, Sir Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers,

Winston Churchill, Col. Phillips, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. and Records.

Hambden, Col. Gil by, Mr. Milward, Mr. Chetwin, Sir

EliabHarvy, Mr. Cheyne, Sir Thom.Dolman, Mr. William- An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Lands for Payment of the Beckham’* son, Col. Birch, Col. Legg, Mr. Coleman, Col. Kirkby, Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children E»tate,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir of John Beckham Esquire, was read.

James Smith: And all that shall come are to have Voices: Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And the Title

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock shall be, An Act for Sale of Lands for Payment of the in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children of send for Persons, Papers, and Records. John Beckham Esquire.

5

Tam worth Election.

Supply.

Cloth-

stealing.

I 20

IO° — 11°

Decembris.

A. 1669.

A Petition of Charles Lord Clifford was read; complaining of an undue Return of John Ferrers Esquire; to serve for the Town of Tamuo

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections, to take into Consideration the Se-

Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Thom. Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Jo.Talbott, Col. Gilby, Mr. Bridgman, Col.

Mr. Cullcford, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Capell, Mr.

Daniell, S lr Richard Oatley, Mr. Tompkins,

Sir Cecill Bishopp, Mr. Pepis, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Crouch,

Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, Gloucester, and Salop: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send forth Warrants of Summons: But are not to proceed further till after the Recess.

Publick

Accounts.

cond Day of their Meeting after the Recess; and to ex- Mr. Solicitor, Sir Courtny Poole, Sir Hungerjord, amine and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, Mr. Ratcliffe, Sir Col. Sandys, and all the

to the House.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. A Debate being, in the Matter touching the Lord Lord

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the said Committee, That Orrery, Onery’slm-

they had made some further Progress in the Consideration Resolved, That his Majesty be humbly desired by such P^ment. of his Majesty’s Supply; and came to this Resolution; viz. Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s Privy That Eight Pounds the Tun upon French Wines, and Council, that tire Witnesses in this Matter have Liberty Twelve Pounds upon Spanish Wines, shall be the Propor- to come over out of Ireland, to give their Testimony, tien laid upon those Wines; and Nine Pounds a Tun be

laid upon Rhenish Wines. The House then resumed the Consideration of the Publick

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Report of the Commissioners for Accounts; and in parti- Account-. Committee, that Eight Pounds per Tun upon French cular of the Observations against Sir Geo. Carteret, where-Wine, and Twelve Pounds upon Spanish Wines, shall be in this House hath agreed and voted Sir George guilty the Proportion laid upon these Wines: And that Nine of Misdemeanours.

The Question being put, To proceed now further in the Debate of this Matter;

The House divided:

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Howard,

Sir Coventry,

Mr. Howard,

Mr.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Matter being debated;

The Question being put, That Sir George Carteret be suspended this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Pounds the Tun be laid upon Rhenish Wine.

Resolved, That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Saturday Morning next, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

The Commissioners for taking the Publick Accounts being at the Door, attending this House, according to the Order of the Sixth Instant;

Ordered, That the said Commissioners be desired to attend this House on Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

for the Yeas, 120. for the Noes, go.

for the Yeas, for the Noes,

100.

97-

Sir Jo.Mounson,

Mr. Mainard,

Lord Fanshaw, j

Sir Gilbert Talbott, j And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. rI hat the further Consideration of the Matter relating to Sir George Carteret be adjourned till the Monday Sevennight after the Meeting of the House after the Recess.

Resolved, Ac. That the Commissioners for Accounts be desired to expedite their Report, of what further they have to add to their former Report, by the next Meetin of this House after the Recess; and to make what Spec they can to make Returns into the Exchequer, of such as shall be found indebted to the King.

Gostwicke’s

Esiate.

Pearle’s

Esiate.

was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which, being twice read, upon the Question, were agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill to make void a Recovery suffered by John Pearle an Idiot, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solom.

Swale, Sir Jo. Cory ton. Sir IVm. Lowther, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Love, Sir John Knight, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr.

Whorwood, Colonel Birch, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Jo. Malet, Lord Ancram, Sir Jo.Fits James, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Anth. Sir Walter Young, Sir

Jo.Mounson, Col. Phillips, Mr. Buscawcn, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Mr. Williamson, Colonel 22

in the Afternoon: And to appointed.

sit in the Places formerly

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

HieSabbati, 11° Decembris, 1669- 21 Car. II. Prayers.

i.jt]

'rt

<-g.

.Jl

"g

')i.

V.

y.

b;

Hie Veneris, 10* Decembris, 1669. 21 Car. II.

Prayers.

rpHeodore Jacobson did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the Committee to which the Bill to prevent stealing of Cloth from the Rack or Tenters, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill: W hich he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which were twice read; and, with some Additions, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee to which the Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Af- Committee.. Bill for settling the Estate of Sir William Goslwicke Knight ternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Two of the Clock

P.Y.

K-fl

iiV

I? r j

M

R. Speaker acquaints the House, that he was coin- Mr. Speaker manded by his Majesty to attend him at White- attendslhe

hall, in his Passage to the House; and that his Majesty declared, he would send this Morning to the House, concerning their Adjournment.

Mr.

King.

ryV.

lick

OUti,

!r.

teci --id;.

22 Car. II. 11°Decembris.~140 121

Answer con- Mr. Secretary Trevor acquaints the House* that he had . A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Eylon, Usher Parliament ceming Lord attended his Majesty, with the Desire of this House in of the Black Rod; prorogued,

0rrwy' the Matter concerning the Lord Orrery \ and that his Mr. Speaker,

Majesty would please to give Order, that such Witnesses The Lords, authorized by Commission from his Ma-which could testify in that Matter, Should have Liberty jesty, desire the Attendance of this honourable House to come over out of Ireland\ forthwith, in the House of Peers.

Thanks for Ordered\ That the humble Thanks of this House be And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went A*wer* returned to his Majesty, by such Members of this House up to the House of Lords: Where his Majesty’s Comas are of his Privy Council, for his Majesty’s gracious mission was read; and the House prorogued trom this Message in the Matter relating to the Lord Orrery. Day to the Fourteenth Day of February next.

Message to attend the

The Kings Speech reputed.

y*utd

Wa,

Die Luna, 14° Februarii, 1 22 Car. II.

Prayers.

AMES S A G E from his Majesty, by Sir Eyton,

Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to wait upon his Majesty in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend the King in the House of Lords.

Mr. Speaker reports, That, being unwilling, at any time, to mistake in any thing, especially the King, he had obtained the Favour of his Majesty to have his Speech in Writing: Which he read to the House: And then further acquainted them, that the King had commanded the Lord Keeper to declare what he had further to impart to them: Which being delivered also in Writing, was read by the Clerk: Ana the Speeches are as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I SENT forth My Proclamation, that there might be a

hath commanded me now to speak more fully and plainly upon this Subject

His Majesty hath, not only by His Ministers, but in His own Royal Person, examined t*je Accounts touching the Expences of the last War; and hath thought himself concerned to let you know, that all the Supplies you gave Him for the War, have been by Him applied to the War, and no Part of them to any other Uses: Nay, so far from it, that, if the Preparations towards the War shall be taken to be for the Use of the War, as they must be, a great Part of His own Revenue, to many Hundred thousand of Pounds, hath been employed also and swallow ed up in the Charges of the War, and what did necessarily relate to it: To which may be added the great Debts contracted by His Majesty in the War; and the great Charge in the Repairs of the Hulls of the Ships, and putting His Navy into such a Condition as it was before.

Besides, His Majesty thinks it ought to be considered, that when the Charges of tire War w ere at the highest, the inevitable Effects of it, and those other Calamities which it pleased God at that Time to bring upon us, did

good Appearance at this Meeting; having most Con- ®ake so great a Diminution in His Revenues, that, be-

ndence in full Houses; where the Well-being of the Church, and other Interests of the Crown and Nation, are best secured.

When We last met, I asked you a Supply: And I ask it now again with greater Instance: The Uneasiness and Straightness of My Affairs cannot continue without very ill Effects and the whole Kingdom. Consider this seriously and speedily: It is Yours and the Kingdom’s Interest as Well as Mine: And the ill Consequence of a Want of an effectual Supply must not lie at my Door: And, that no Misapprehensions or Mistakes touching the Expences of the last War, may remain with you, I think fit to let you know, that I have fully informed Myself in that Matter; and do affirm to you, that no Part of those Monies that you gave Me for that War, have been diverted to other Uses: But, on the contrary, besides all

sides all other Accidents and Disadvantages, the Loss that He sustained in Three Branches of His Revenues, in His Customs, Excise, and Hearth-money, by reason of the War, the Plague, and Fire, did amount to little less than Six hundred thousand Pounds.

Thus you see, that though your Supplies hath been great, yet the Charges occasioned by the War and the Calamities which accompanied it, have been greater; and that the Debt which is left upon His Majesty, and which He complains of, hath been contracted by the War, and not by the Diversion of the Monies designed for it His Majesty hath commanded me to say one. more to you upon this Subject; That he did not enter into this War upon any private Inclination or Appetite of His own.

The first Step He made towards it, did arise from

those Supplies, a very great Sum hath been raised out of J"our Advice, and the Promises ot your Assistance: But, My standing Revenue and Credit; and a very great Debt contracted: And all for the War.

One thing I must earnestly recommend to the Prudence of both Houses; That you will not suffer any Occasion of Difference between yourselves to be revived; since nothing but the Unity of your Minds and Councils can make this Meeting happy, either to Me or the Nation.

I did recommend to you, at Our last Meeting, the Union of the Two Kingdoms: And I did the same to My Parliament in Scotland. They have made a great Step towards it: And I do again seriously recommend that Matter to you.

I have directed my Lord Keeper to speak more at large to you.

My Lords, and you Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses of the House of Commons,

if the Charges and Accidents of the War have outgone all

Siur Supplies, and left Him under the Burden of this ebt, He thinks that as w ell the Justice to your Promise, as the Duty and Loyalty you have always shewed Him, will oblige you to relieve Him from it; and ‘ the rather, when you shall seriously consider, how uneasy this Burden must be unto Him, and what ill Consequences the Continuance under it must draw upon all His Affairs; in which Particular you, and every Person you represent in this Nation, will be concerned as well as Himself.

His Majesty doth therefore command me, in His Name, to desire you once more, and to conjure you by that constant Duty and Loyalty which you have always expressed to Him, and by all the Concernment you have-for the Support of the Honour and Safety of His Government, to provide such a Supply for Him at this time, as may bear Proportion to the pressing Occasion that He

hath; and to the State of His Affairs at home and abroad; AT your last Meeting, His Majesty did acquaint you and so speedily, and so effectually, as may answ er the with the great Occasions He had for a Supply; and that Ends for which He has desired it.

He had forborne to ask it sooner, more in consideration His Majesty hath further commanded me to put you of giving some Time for the Ease of the People, after the in mind of what was, at your last Meeting, proposed to Burden of the War, than that the Condition of His you, concerning an Union between the Two Kingdoms; Affaire could so long have wanted it: And his Majesty and to let you know, that the Parliament of Scotland hath Vol.IX. II h siuca

Regulating

Juries.

Glamorgan

Writ.

Ludlow Writ.

Evesham

Writ.

Seaforth

Writ.

Committee of Privileges.

n

r

t

122

14® Februarii.

A* 1659.

1

since declared to His Majesty, that such Commissioners //are, Sir , Sir Sir

as His Majesty shall name, shall be authorized, on their Col. Sir Sir

Part, to treat with Commissioners for this Kingdom, upon *',rL' A,r Sir Churfo* XMlm Sir Kichuln*. Mr

the Grounds and Conditions of the Union.

His Majesty, therefore, thought fit now again to recommend it to you, to take the Matter effectually into your Consideration.

A Bill for regulating Juries was read the First time. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time.

rick, Mr. Spry, Sir Sir Nicholas, Mr.

Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Clarke, Sir Jo. Ilan-more. Lord Mr SirC7ccff.Shackerlcy, Air.

Col. Whitley, Sir Norton, Sir -

nick, Mr. Johnson, Sir Edw. Poole, Sir Mr. Robarts, Sir Richard Wiseman, Sir Win.

Mr. Walter, Sir Thom. Smith, Sir// ?;?. Sir

Clarke, Sir Thom. Hanmore, Sir 7horn. Strickland, Sir Will. Hickman, Sir M r. Serjeant May-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper nard, Mr. Serjeant/"*cckham, Mr.//

of the Great Seal of England, of the Removal of William Col. Gray, Sir Air. Vaughan, Sir Hen.

Lord Herbert, called up to the House of Peers; who Sir Sir

lately served as a Knight of the Shire for the County of Smith, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Thomas, Col.G Glamorgan; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth Mr. Morgan, Sir Henry Coventry, Mr. Crook, Lord under the Great Seal, for a new Election of a Member ta Cavendish, Sir Jo. Shaw, Sir Edw. Hales, Sir f ee, serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead. Col. Birch, Sir Thompson, Lord Hawley, Sir

Morley, Sir Jo. Steward, Sir Edw. Bish, Sir Urn. In-Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Rob. Austen,

Keeper of the Great Seal of England, of the Removal of Sir James Smith, Sir Thom. Clargis, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Serjeant Littleton, called up as an Assistant to the Sir How, Sir Jo. Coventry, Sir Tho. Wood-

House of Lords; who lately served as a Alember for the cock, Mr. Gray, Sir Courtop, Sir Richard Frankly 11, Borough of Ludlow in the County of Salop; desiring him, Sir Sir Ceril Wycli, Sir Rich. Mr.

that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for Street, Sir Steward, Sir Edw. Air,

the new Election of a Afember to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, of the Death of William Sandys Esquire, who lately served as a Alember

of this House for the Borough of in the County of Worcester; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for a new Election of a Alember to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Stanley, Mr. Steward, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Jo. Austin, Mr. Tho. Price, Mr. Ashe, Sir Wm. Basset, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. James, Colonel Palmer, Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir Jo.Fagg, Mr. Neale, Mr. Elliot, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Ratc/iJ/'e, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Frederick Hide, Sir Jo. Stroud, Lord Castleton, A Jr. D ever tux, Sir 1 Fuller Biickland, Sir AllenBroadrick, Sir Jo. Mulct, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Edw. Lewis, Sir JosTredenham, Wyndham, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Sir Fra. Popham, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Butler, Sir Rich.

Oateley, Mr. Chohnley, Mr. Herbert, Sir Fra. Goodrich,

Sir Wm. Heyward, Lord Buckhurst, Sir.Oaiway, Sir Whitmore, Lord Mandevill, Sir Hotham, Air.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England of the Death of Sir Thomas Dyke Knight, who lately served as a Alember of Sir Robert Sir Harcourt, Mr. Hungerjord,

this House, as a Baron for the Cinque Port of Sea ford in Lord Rosse, Sir Win. Air. Darcey.

the County of Sussex; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for a new Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed of the Members following; viz. Lord Richardson, Mr. Newport, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Jo. Talbott,

Sir Jo.Moreton, Sir 'Thom.Carey, Col Reames, Sir Robert

Barnham, Mr. Daniell, Sir Joiiath. Trelainey, Mr. King,

Sir. Prideaux, Mr Trelawny, Sir Jo.Dawny, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Solom. Szcale, Sir Will.Loxvther, Col. Titus,

Col. Legg, Sir Nick.Cary, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Jo. Fitz

James, Sir Ant ho. Irby, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Thom. Allen,

Sir Robert Howard, Sir Rich.Edgcombe, Sir Jo. Dun- for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by

combe. Sir Will. Doyley, Sir Will. Fleetwood, Mr. Monta- this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they gue, Sir Jo. Covelt, Lord Cornbury, Sir Thom.Meres, Sir will serve; provided there be no Question upon the lle-Thom. Gower, Mr. Attorney Mountague, Sir Winston turn for that Place. And, if any thing shall come in Churchill, Sir Humfry Wynch, Mr. Plcydall, Sir Walter Question touching the Return or Matter of Privilege of

Young, Lord Fitzkarding, Sir Jo. Robinson, Sir Hen. Yel- any Alember of this Committee, such Alember is to

withdraw from the Committee, during the Time the Alatter which concerns himself, is in Debate.

Resolved, Ac. That this Committee do meet every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, in the ExchequerCham-ber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come into Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first place; and report their Proceedings to the House: And all Persons that will question double Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee hath Power to receive Petitions; and to send for Witnesses, Papers, and Records for their Information; and to make Report of any Alatter which may concern Breach of Privilege. And all Alembers that are returned

verton, Mr. Thom. Morris, Sir Fran. Vincent, Alajqr General Egerton, Sir Fretchci/c Ilo/lis, Sir

Robert Carr, Sir Wm. Lewis, Col. Air. Cheyne,

Dr. Bmrwell, Mr. Milxcard, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Cliff ord Clifton, Mr. Churchill, Sir Hen.Capell, Sir Coventry, Colonel Bishop, Col. Sandys, Sir Herbert Price, Sir Jo. Heath, Mr. Mornre, Air. fElmwood, Lord St. John, Sir Jo. Kyrle, Sir Phill. Howard, Alr.YW Mr. Finch,

Sir Jo. Brampston, Mr. Law.Hyde, Sir Jo. Stroud, Air.

Bartu, Mr. Hambden, Mr. Secretary Trevor, Sir Norton Knatchbold, Mr. Hinly, Mr. Serjeant Jones, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Win.Steward, Sir Thom. Tomkins, Lord Alt-

er am, Sir Fran. Lawley, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Jo. Bennett,

1

i..,

4k

KT

Cj

lb

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand sit every Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, Coimuitteei in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Wednesday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Alien Apsley, Mr. Dalmahoy, Sir evei7 in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in

Jo. Nezcton, Sir Thom.Dolman, Col. Kirkby, Col. Stroud, ^ie House.

Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Lovelace, Mr. Air.

Jones, Mr. Buller, Mr. Grav'd, Mr. Tanner, Sir Ralph

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of

Justice

22 Car. II. 140 — 170 — 18° Februarii.

m

King* Sfverhto be considered.

Justice do sit every Saturday in the House, at Two of ’ the Clock in the Afternoon.

The Question being propounded, That his Majesty’s Speech be taken into Consideration on Monday next;

And the Question being put, That this Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Sir Nico.Cary, \ f , y

Sir Joseph Tredcnham,

Mr. L'ollingzcood,\ , N

Mr. J/or rat'd, J 101 the JNoes, 137.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the King’s Speech be taken into Consideration on Thursday next;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mirk Ordered, That the Commissioners of Accompts be de-

sired to attend the House on Thursday Morning next: And if they have any new Matter, to offer it to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 17° Februarii, 1669- 22

Prayers.

INFORMATION being given of a Breach Privilege committed against Mr. Lowe, a Member of this House, by arresting his menial Servant Benjamin Burgesse, in Two Actions; one at the Suit of one Will. Doughty, and another at the Suit of one and, although he is released from the Arrest and Imprisonment, yet the Actions against him are not withdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Doughty and o forth-

with, at their Peril, cause the said Actions to be withdrawn.

Pm&ge.

The House then, according to the Vote on Monday Supply, last, did proceed to the Consideration of his Majesty a Speech: Which was read.

A Motion being made, for granting a Supply to his Majesty;

And another Motion made, for reading of an Order touching the Method and Manner of granting Supplies;

And the Matter upon both debated;

The Question being propounded, That the King be supplied;

The Question being put. Whether the Question for the Kirtg’s Supply be now put, before the reading of the Order;

The House divided.

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Sir Solom. Srcale,

Sir John Talbott,

Colonel Williams,

Sir Jo. Hotham,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put, That the King’s Majesty be supplied;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to consider of the Manner and Proportion of the Kings Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris, 18° Februarii,1 Car. II.

J for the Yeas, 175. j- for the Noes, 138.

THUge acd

Cuik.

A Bill for encouraging Tillage was read the First time. Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read the Second time.

Prayers.

jSaack Stockman, and John Jacob Bertu did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerks Table, in order to their Naturalization.

DowKer. Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for repairing and maintaining of Dover Pier.

ta¥ng

locdon.

PnMick Bills Opening.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the City of London.

salt.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect such publick Bills as were depending last Sessions; and see which of them are most necessary to be dispatched; and report it to the House: And it is referred to Mr. AT Morice, Dr. Burrell, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Jonath. Trelaxmy, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Colonel Birch, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Solom. Sxvale, Mr. Barnuby, or any Three of them: And they are to meet in the Speaker s Chamber on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting and endowing a Church near Shadzcell in Middlesex.

A Bill for making a Parish, and erecting and endowing Shadwell a Church at Sliadwell in the County of Middlesex, was Church, read the First time.

Resolved, 8cc.That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for settling Differences between the Lady Lady Lee’s Lee and the Daughters and Coheirs of Sir Thomas Pope, EstuU-late Earl of Dotcue, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining the Harbour and Yarmouth Pier of Yarmouth, was read the First time. Eier*

Resolved, Scc.That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Charles Lord Clifford was read, com- Tamworth plaining of an undue Return of the Bailiffs of the Town Election. of Tamuorth, of Mr. Ferrers, to serve for that 1 own, when the Lord Cliff ord w as duly elected.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition, and certify it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

typing Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to suppress and Ojovcoudes. prevent Conventicles. ...

A Motion being made for Leave to bring in a Bill for Dover Pier, PwLaws. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to look into Continuance of a former Act for Repair of Dover Pier; the Law's concerning the Poor, and see wherein they are But it being moved, that an Account might be given, defective; and how they may be supplied: And report how the Monies already raised, had been expended, belt, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And it is fore Leave be given for a new' Bill; referred to Mr. Spry, Sir Wm.Lowther, Sir Jo. Bramp- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect ston, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Jcoffcry Shackerly, Sir Anth. the former Act of Parliament for Repair of Dover Pier;

Irby. Colonel Birch, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Fran. Guodrick, and to take an Account of what Monies have been raised Sir Humfry Wynch, Sir Thomas Iliggons, Mr. Morris, thereby; or what hath been raised or received by any other

Air. King, or any Five of them: And they are to meet on Way or Means for Repair of the said Pier; and how the Friday next at J wo of the Clock in tire Afternoon, in the same hath been expended; and in what Condition the Speaker's Chamber. Pier stands; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to

124

i8*- — 19®

A. 1669.

the House: And that it be referred to Mr. Secretary the Clock, to take into farther Consideration the Manner Trevor, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Treasurer, and Proportion of his Majesty's Supply

Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Sprye, Sir Solom.

Swale, Col. trilby, Mr. Montague, Sir Churchill,

Mr . Clarke, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr.

Dowdswell, Mr. King, Mr. Seymour, Sir Nico. Cary, Sir _ Jo.Duncombe, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Coventry, Sir

Wm. Louther, Col. Williams, Col. Birch, Mr. George,

Sir Robert Howard, Col. Stroude, Sir Tujten, Lord Famhazv, Mr. Baptist May, Lord Hazvley, Sir Robei't Carr, and all the Members that serve for Kent, or any Port Town: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, in order to the Examination of the Matter referred.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee. Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 19° Febmarii, 1669-

Prayers.

Arrangement for proceed* ing on Business.

The Question being propounded, That the Business of Accounts be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning; the Jurisdiction of the Lords, on Monday Morning; Family, was lead the First time, the Union of England and Scotland, on Tuesday Morning; T' . m. . .

and his Majesty’s Supply, on Wednesday Morning next:

And the Question being put, That these Words " and so to proceed in Turns," be added to the Question;

The House divided.

Publick

Accounts.

Supply.

ABIL for the Sale of Lands to pay Debts, aild provide a Maintenance for Thomas Davison and his

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time.

Davison*

Estate.

The Yeas went forth. Tellers,

Sir Henry Puckering, j Sir Nico. Cary, J

Lord Richardson, 1

Sir Geo. Dozening, J

for the Yeas, 127. foL the Noes, 176.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Question be put; The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Wm. Doyley,

Sir Jonath.Trelawny,

Mr. Darnell,

Mr. Bamaby,

And so it passed in the Negative,

j. for the Noes, 185. for the Yeas, 125.

A Bill for settling the Differences between the Lady Lady Lee’* Eliz. Lee, and the Daughters and Coheirs of Sir Thomas Esuue* Pope, late Earl of Downe, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Neale, Sir Sir Jo. Goodrich, Lord Ancram Mr. Clarke, Lord Fan-show, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. King, Mr. Bamaby, Mr.

Hovell, Sir Walter St. John, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Williamson, Sir Allen Apsley, Serj. Sir

Richard Franck/yn, Col. Reamcs, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr.

Hen. Coventry, Col. Williams, Sir Jo Mr. Seymour, Col. Phillips, Mr. Cheyne, Mr. John How, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Gilbert Gemard, Lord St. John, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir John Sir Thomas Tompkins, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr.

Mr Street, Six Allen Brodrick, Mr. Hollis, Mr. ood,

Sir Jo. Coryton, Mr. Secretary Trevor, Mr. Hide, Sir Ertiley, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Jo Mr. Wren,

Mr. Palmer, Sir Jo. Moreton, Mr. Crooke, Sir Hen. Her-

Resohed, Scc. That the King’s Supply be taken into bert. Sir Richard Powell, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Geo. Lou:e, Consideration Tomorrow Morning; the Business of Ac- Mr. Geo. Montague, Sir Herbert Price, Coh Palmer, and counts, on Monday Morning; the Jurisdiction of the all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Lords, on Tuesday Morning; the Union of England and Gloster, Wilts, Oxford, and Warwick: And they are to Scotland, on Wednesday Morning; and his Majesty’s Sup- meet on Monday next at Two of the Clock in the After-

ply again, on Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Accounts be desired to attend the House on Monday Morning next: And, if they have any new Matter, to offer it to the House.

noon in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Information being given to this House, of a Breach of Privilege. Privilege committed against Mr. Graham, a Member of this House, by one Samuell Sweeting, in bringing an The Question being put, That the Speaker leave the Action and Declaring at Law, against Abraham Chaffins,

Chair; and the House go into a Committee upon the Tenant to the said Mr. Graham, for Tythes of certain King’s Supply; Lands, in which the Title of Mr. Graham is concerned;

It was resolved in the Affirmative. Ordered, That all Proceedings in the said Suit be

Resolved, See. That Sir Robert Atkins do take the stayed, during the Sessions of Parliament.

Chair of the Committee.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take into consideration the Manner and Proportion of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and that they came to this Resolution; viz.

That the King’s Supply be raised by an Imposition on Wines, excluding a Lana Tax and Home Excise; so as it do not exclude the Debate of laying of it upon the Retailer or first Buyer.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the King’s Supply be raised by an Imposition on Wines, excluding a Land Tax and Home Excise; so as it do not exclude the Debate of laying of it upon the Retailer or first Buyer.

Resolved, See. That this House will resolve into a Com-

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole Sapply; House, to take into further Consideration the Manner and Proportion of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the said Committee, that, in the further Consideration of the Manner and Proportion of his Majesty’s Supply, they came to these Resolutions; viz.

That the Duty of all Wine imported to be sold, be paid by the first Buyer:

That the Duty of all other Wine to be imported, shall be paid by the Importer:

That the Moiety of the Rates of the last Imposition on. Wines be the Rate for this Duty:

That the Duty be paid to his Majesty for Seven Years, from Midsummer next.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Duty of all Wine imported to be

mittee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning Ten of sold, be paid by the first Buyer

That

22 Gar. II.

i p° — 2 x0 Februarii.

125’

«act

That the Duty of all other Wine to be imported shall allotted for Repair of the Pier, and to give due Notice,

be paid by the Importer: *' r *'

That the Moiety of the Rates of the last Imposition on Wines be the Rate for this Duty:

That the Duty be paid to his Majesty for Seven Years, from Midsummer next.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do prepare and bring in a Rill for his Majesty’s Supply upon these Heads.

in time, to the City of Norwich, and others concerned, to come in, and be heard: And to send fer Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Proceedings at Law against George Privilege. Scot, Tenant of the Lord St.John, (being in Breach of Privilege) be stayed, during the Sessions ol Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Hi

fliesfer

Ration.

Die Lame, 21° Februarii, 1 Prayers.

A PETITION on the Behalf of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants of the City of Chester being tendered;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the Iliver between the City of Chester and the Sea navigable.

Ordered, That the Bill, on the Behalf of Mr. P carle, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition being tendered to the House, touching the Importing of Brandy;

Ordered, That this Petition be read on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Secretary Trevor delivers a Message from his Majesty, viz.

'That it was his Majesty’s Pleasure, that this House Should attend his Majesty Tomorrow Morning, at'Nine of the Clock, in the Banqueting House at

fas in Out' pans.

Two Petitions being tendered: One on the Behalf of the Town of Boston; and the other, on the Behalf of the Town of Spaldingin Lincolnshire, being tendered;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be delivered in, and

read Tomorrow Morning.

Wwll

Chunk

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the Matter of the publick Accounts.

And the Commissioners of Accounts being called in, the Lord Brereton declared, That they had prepared a further Report, as to the Matter to them referred, concerning an Estimate of the Value of the Imposition on M ines, and other imported Liquors; and of the Frauds and Cheats in collecting that Duty; And, as to other Matters referred, they had made what further Progress they could in them; and, when they had any thing ready, would present it to the House.

The Report of the Commissioners of Accounts was delivered in; and read; and donated.

Resolved\ ike. That a Committee he appointed to inspect the Act for an Imposition on Wines, and see whether it he defective; and wherein; and whether*therd be sufficient Power therein to call Persons accountable, to a just Account; and what Frauds and Abuses have been committed, in collecting the Duty; and by whom; and to receive Information touching the same; and consider whether it be fit to bring in a new Bill, to explain or supply the former Bill; and certify it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Gt/rrarra?/, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Waller, Sir Solo???. Strafe, Sir Robert Hmcard, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Jo. Norton, Sir I Fins ton Churchill, Mr.

fwtwick’s

Luie.

IWa

k'utt.

Ordered, That the Bill of Sir the first Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Gostxckh be read

1 ?mouth hr,

A Bill for endowing a Church, and making a distinct Parish of the Precinct of Shadwell in the County of Middlesex, was read the Second time.

Resolved,&c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Thom.

Tompkins, Sir Jo. Anight, Sir Anth.Lrby, Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Jo. Loin her, Sir JVm. Dogleg, Mr. Burnaby,

Lord Richardson, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Crouch, Dr. Bur-

mil, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Collingicoocl, Sir Jo.Brampston,

Sir Thom. Cover, Col. Williams, Mr. Morice, Sir A ieo.

Stexeard, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Neale, Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir

A ieo. Sinning, Sir Jo. Morelon, Mr. King, Col. Realties,

Sir Thom.Meres, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Gilbert Ger-

rard. Sir JVm. Beecher, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Mr. Grimes, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Solom. Swale,

Sir Will. Kelhgrcw, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Daniell, Sir

Trevor Williams, Sir Jo. Norton, and all the Members

that serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Per- Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Temple, Mr

sons, Papers, and Records. Sir Jo. Sir Jo. Robinson, Sir A Sinning, M r.

Seymour, Col. Birch, Sir Jo. Mr. Sir

Sir Sir Knight, Col.

Mr. Sir Jo. North cute, Sir

JVm. Mr. Spry, Sir John llantnor, Mr. Coleman, Sir Air. Sir Jo. Sir

Jo. Mr. Solicitor, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Thom.

Air. Jolly, Sir JVm. Lout her, Sir Jo. Sir

Jo. Heath, Sir Robert Barnham: And they are to sit 'Tommorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber, at Tw o of the Clock: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Commissioners for publick Accounts, being called in again, were acquainted, that the Estimate, by them now delivered in, had been taken into Consideration; and that the House intended to proceed in that Matter of their former Report, concerning Prizes, on Saturday next: And were asked, if they could be ready to bring Sir Thomas Gower, Sir JVm. Kellegrew, Sir Robert Carr, in the State of that Matter by that time: Who answered,

Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Crouch, Sir' That, as to some Part, they were ready; to others, not Anth. Irby, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Winston Churchill, fully ready.

Col. JViltuims, Sir Edm. I Windham, Lord Fils-williams, Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners of

Mr. Love, Dr. Burrell, Col. Realties, Sir Jo. Coventry, Accounts, concerning Prizes, be taken into Consideration

on Saturday Morning next; and that the Commissioners are desired then to attend, with what they have in readiness further to offer, touching that Matter. i

A Bill to enable Sir CulhbertHeron to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read tire Second time.

A Bill for the repairing and maintaining the Harbour am! Pier of Yarmouth, w as read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed Sir Coventry, Lord Richardson, Sir Richard [Wiseman, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. King, Sir Geo. Donning, Mr. Jay, Sir Jo. Talbott, Sir Francis Goodrich, Sir Jo. Morley, Mr. Finch, Sir Thom. Clergis, Mr. Cory, Mr. Ratchliffe, Sir

Newton, Mr. Newport, Mr. GarSir Gilbert Talbott, Sir JVm. Doy/ey, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Jo.

Mr. Seymour, Col. Realties, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Jo. Norton, and all the Members that serve for Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to consider of the Debates of the House; and to examine jf there be any other Revenue Vq l. LX.

jAnd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

I i

Pea rle’s Estate.

Duty on ttrajrtiv*

King up* points to be lttciuied.

Publick

Accounts.

X26

The House eittentls the King.

King's

Speech respecting Ski liner's case: — Address thereon.

case.

z2° — 23°; — 25° Februarii.

A. 1669.

ft azure of Matters relating to Skinner’s

Message to attend the King.

Die Martis,22° Februarii, IG69. 22* Car. II.

Prayehs.

THE House, being met, did, in Obedience to his Majesty’s Command Yesterday, go with the Speaker in a Body to attend his Majesty at Whitehall: And adjourned to Ten of the Clock.

And, being again met,

Mr. Speaker reported the Effect of his Majesty’s Speech to the House: Which was afterwards read.

Resolved, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, in the Name of this House, and of all the Commons of England, for his Majesty’s gracious Speech this Day, and Eavour therein expressed to this House, and the Commons of England.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do forthwith attend his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, when he will receive the Thanks of the House.

Resolved, That an Entry be made, in the Journal of this House, of his Majesty's gracious Speech: Which is as folio wet h; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I DID very earnestly recommend to you, the other Day, that you would not suffer any Differences between yourselves to be revived; and I think it of so great Importance, that I have sent for you again upon the said Subject.

I remember very well, that the Case of SI,inner was first sent by Me to the Lords. I have therefore thought Myself concerned to offer to you, what I judge the best and safest way to put an End to the Difference; and, indeed, I can find no other. I will myself give present Order to raze all Records and Entries of this Matter, both in the Council Books, and in the Exchequer; and do desire you to do the like in both Houses, that no Memory may remain of this Dispute between you: And then, I hope, all future Apprehensions will be secured.

Resolved, That, in Obedience to his Majesty's Command, in his Speech, a Razure or Vacat be made, in the Journals of this House, of all the Matters therein contained, relating to the Business between the India Company and Skinner:

Which was accordingly done in the House.

Mr. Treasurer acquaints the House, that his Majesty would be pleased to receive the House, forthwith in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, (having adjourned till Tomorrow Eight of the (Jock; and adjourned all Committees;) went up in a full Body to attend his Majesty.

Ordered, That all further Proceedings against the Lord Newburgh, upon the said Outlawries and Exigents, be stayed, during the Sessions of Parliament; and that the Record of the Exigents be vacated, and taken off the File.

An additional Bill for rebuilding the City of London, Rebuilding was read. London.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brirtg in a Bill for Pirates. Continuance of a former Act, to prevent the Delivery up of Ships to Pirates and Sea Robbers.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Level be Lyndsey

read on Friday Morning next. Level.

The House then, according to former Order, pro- Union with ceeded to the Consideration ot that Part of-his Majesty’s Scotland. Speech, concerning the Union between England and Scotland.

And the Matter being debated;

Resolved, Sec. That the further Debate of the Matter, concerning the Union between England and Scotland, be adjourned till this Day Scvennight.

A Petition of John Farrington Esquire, was read; com- Midhunt plaining of an undue Return of Mr. May to serve for the Election. Town of Midhurst in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition and Election; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to tide House.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

.V.; r.» "f '

Die Veneris, 25® Februarii, 1669- 22° Car. II. Prayers.

rJ'IIeodor Jacobson did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in Order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for settling the Estate of Sir William Gostwick’i

Knight, wras read the First time. Estau.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for settling the Draining of Lyndsey Level, was Lyndsey read the First time. Level

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Agmondes-kam Election,

iBancka*

Estate.

Die Mercurii,23° Februarii, IGG9. 22 Car. II.

Prayers.

AP ETIT10 N of Sir Ralph Beovey Baronet, complaining of an undue Return of Sir Drake to serve for the Town of Agmondesham in the County of Bucks, was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition of Sir Ralph Beovey, and certify it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for confirming the Estate of Sir Ralph in the Manor of Thesbesket, and other Lands in the County of Carmarthen, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege — r rosecution £a Member.

Information being given, that the Lord Newburgh had been (in a Breach of Privilege) prosecuted to several Exigents at Law, upon Outlawries, at the Suit of one Francklin, Stokes, Coffin, Manky, Richard,

Barrett, Surcean, and Chejfin alias;

20

A Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and other Fee* in Traders of the Port of Boston, was read. Gut-ports,

Another Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Traders of the Port of Spalding, was read.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Matter of the Petitions; and to receive, and take into Consideration, any other Petitions and Complaints of the like Nature, from any Places or Out Ports, where the Fees are not established and confirmed; and to send Notice and Summons, to the Out Ports to come in and offer what they can at the Committee: Who are to examine the whole Matter, and report it, with theiq Opinions, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Carr, Sir A nth. Irby,

Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir . Robert Atkins, Mr. Walgrave, Sir Young, Sir

Northcote, Mr. Spry, Sir Wm. Mr. Sir

Jo. Talbott, Sir Jo. Hanmor, Colonel Birch, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Sir Thom. Meres, Colonel lleames, Sir Thom.

Allen, Mr. King, Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Gilbert Gerrard,

and all the Members that serve for the County of,

and for the Out Ports: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the

Speaker's

- :-j

v-.Si

' ?! 'I]

; ’I

22 Car. II.

Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Hecords.

% Navi- Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Navigation of fiuun. the Kiver of fVey, be read the Pirst Bill on Monday Morning.

fp Shadwell Ordered, That these Members following be added to i thmeh. the Committee to which the Bill for making a

distinct Parish, was committed; viz. Mr. Seymour, Sir Kin. Lmciher, Sir Jo. RobinsSir Jo. Mr.

Sir Jo. Norton, Mr. IV Mr. Buscmen.

Pjv'sm’j A Bill for Sale of Lands for Payment of the Debts of kuu- Thomas Davison Gentleman, and making Provision for

l.vr^ his Family, was read the Second time,

k't Resolved, See, That the Bill be committed to Sir

Carr, Sir Auth. Irby, Sir Knight, Mr. Pepys, Sir AT Uo,«, Stalling, Sir Herbert Price, Col. Mr. Barnaby,

Ws Sir 7 kom.Gower, Mr. Ch Mr. King, Sir Solon/.

Sir Jo. 7'albott, Lord CCol. Sir Louiher, Mr. Westphuling, Sir Tomkins, Mr.

Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Daniel!, Sir Sir

Hickman, Col. Birch, Sir James, Sir Gilbert Tal-

bott, and all the Members that serve lor the County of Lincolne:And they are to meet on Monday next, at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Jlit-.' and to inquire what were the Charges on the.Lands,

tfei before they were entailed; and how the Entail stands:

j And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

I SmfJv Bill; The Bill for the King's Supply, by an Imposition on I 'toAntia. Wines, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning next.

{rMding An additional Bill for rebuilding the City of London, was read the Second time.

A Proviso, as to such Persons whose Writings were burnt or lost, was twice read:

I Resolved, See. That the said Proviso be made Part of

1 the Bill.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of such as in their Building l intrenched upon some Slips and small Parcels of Ground,

I which were not their own, was twice read:

Another Proviso, of the same Nature, was twice read: Resolved,&. c. That the said Provisoes be added to the Bilf.

A Proviso, for enlarging the Pow er of the Judicature, m as to Houses burnt before the great and general Fire,

was twice read:

Resolved, &c. That this Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

iJ? Another Proviso, for leaving Places, whereon Build-

ing was, to make new Passages, was twice read; and,

upon the Question, added to the Bill.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the Company of Mercers,

for rebuilding Paul's School, was twice read:

a Resolved, That this Clause be added to the Bill.

A Proviso, touching the Water-house at Broken Wharf, was twice read:

Resolved, Sec. That this Proviso be added to the Bill.

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill, with the several Provisoes, be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir Jo. Frederick, Sir JVm.Lowlher, Sir Sir Jo.

Robinson, Sir Jo.Duncombe, Mr. Pepis, Sir Lane. LaJce,

Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Newport, Mr. Steward, Mr. Gar-raway, Mr. Ratchlffc, Mr. WSir Thom. Lee,

Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Jo. MMr Sir Jo.

Malet, Sir Jo. Northcote, Sir Edmond Pye, Col. Realties,

Sir Jo. Newton, Sir JValter YounSir Jo. Coventry, Mr.

Bridgman, Mr. Spry, Dr. Bui-well, Sir Cary, Sir Humfry JVynch, Lord Ancrarn, Sir Jo. Heath, Sir Anth.

Cope, Sir Thom. Wendy, Lord Gorge, Sir Job Charlton,

Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Jo. Cory ton, Sir Jo. Talbott, Sir Robert

Atkins, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Geo. Mr. Hoby,

Sir Thorn.Meres, Col. Birch, Sir William Coventry, Sir

Richard Francklyn, Sir Geo. How, Mr. Finch, Sir Jo. llamnoreiSir Phillip Warwick, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Nico.

Vol. IX.

127

Steward, Sir Nico. Stroud, Sir Jo. Malet, Colon el ham, Sir Rich.Ford, Sir Jo. Downing, Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Jl/om. Morre, Lord St.John, Sir Churchill,

Mr. Neale, Mr. Spry, Sir Harvey, Mr. On-do

Mr. Daudesxi'dl, Sir Robert Mr.

7 'urges, Sir So/om. Swale, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Mr.

Barnaby, Sir Trevor JViiliams, Sir Jo. Fugg, Mr. Cfuyne,

Sir JVm.Hickman, Mr. Morice, Mr. Cleric, Sir Richard Bremes, Mr. Cory, Sir Thom.Hamnore , Sir Nico.

Sir Thom. Doleman, Mr. Crouch, Sir Colonel

Whitley, Mr Dunstar, Sir R Air.

Mr. Swyifen, and all the Alembers that serve for the

City of London: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet in the Exchequer Chamber, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to provide an enacting Clause in the Bill for the uniting and speedy building ci‘ the Churches: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Sahbati, 26° Februarii, 166J. 22° Car. II. PltAVERS.

J^Etlof licit mam, Son of John did this Day

take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s 'Fable, in order to hie Naturalization.

A Bill for confirming the Estate of Sir Ralph Bancks, hawks’ in the Manor of Thirsbeskelt, and other Lands in the ^state* County of Carmarthen, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill lie committed to Sir Pooley, Sir Lane.Lake, Col. Si

Col. Gil by, Mr. Steward, Sir Allen l Mr. Johnson, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Jo. Brains ton, Sir Jo. Talbott, Sir Irby, Sir Solo/n.Su-ale, Col. Reames Air. Graham, Sir

Reeve. Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. King, Sir Robert Carr,

Air. Crouch, Mr. Wa/grave, Sir // in si on Churchill, Air.

Tregonnell, Lord Gorges, Mr. Sir Altai

Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Thom. MonSir Win. Doytey, Col. a Sandys, Sir Nico.Cary, Sir Charles Air.

Stockdale, Col. Phillips, Sir Hug Windham, Sir Jo. Fitz Janies, Mr. Cullc/ord, Mr. Whit taker, Mr. Thomas, Mr*

Daniel/, Mr. Herbert, Sir Jo. Ilaiimore, Sir Auth. Cope,

Sir Geo.Downing, Sir JVm. CoventSir Windham,

Sir JVm. Kellegrav, Sir Hugh lie! hell. Sir Jo. Hot Juan,

Sir Jo. Ent/ey, Mr. Street, Sir Thou Air.

Pitts, Sir Thom. Meres, Mr. Vaughan, and all the Members that serve for the County of Carmarthen: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable a Sale of Lands for Payment of the Fferwi’s Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children, Estate, of Sir Cuthbert Heron, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Solom.

Swale, Mr. Westphaling, Col. Rennies, Col. Kerkby, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir Jo. Hanmore, Sir Thomas Tomkins, Sir Robert Carr, Col. Gi/by, Mr. Steward, Dr.

Sir Jo. Malet, Sir JVm. Lowther, Sir Jo. Lowther, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Morice, Sir Jo. Talbott, Mr. Crouch,

Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. King, Mr. Devereux, Sir Geo.

Downing, Mr. Graham, Mr. JLord Gorge, Sir Richard Francklyn, Sir Jo. Northcote, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Lane.Lake, Mr. Geo. How, Sir Richard Oatley,

and all the Alembers that serve for Cum-

berland, Northumberland, and Yorkshire: And they are to meet on Monday next in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Allen Brodrick reports from the Committee to Lee’s which the Bill for settling Differences between the Lady Eliz. Lee, and the Daughters and Coheirs of Sir Thomas

Pope,

2$° — 26° ’

12&

a'6° — 28° Februarii.

A. 1669.

Corn and Salt Measures.

Duty on Brancty.

‘Pope, late Earl of Dorcne, was committed, Two Amend- ready; but their Vouchers for that Purpose were many, ments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which being twice and not now here: But they Should be ready - to attend

with them at such Time as the House Should- appoint: And that, within a Day or two, they expected an Answer of some of the Commissioners for Prizes not yet brought in; after which they Should be enabled to give an Account of the Whole.

Whereupon, it being left to them to appoint their own Time, they nominated Monday next come Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Accounts be desired to attend this House on Monday Sevennight at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, with their Proofs and Instances, to make good their Report concerning Prizes.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, concerned in the Accounts of Prizes, do attend the Commissioners for Accounts, and clear their Accounts with them by / Monday Sevennight.

read, were severally agreed to: And after, delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for settling of Measures, was read the First time-Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

jf.1! A

TiHage and Cattle*

Three Petitions being presented to the House, concerning Brandy;

The 1st, the Petition of the Distillers within the City ' of London, and Parts adjacent;

The 2d, Of the Farmers of his Majesty’s Excise on imported Liquors;

The 3d, Of the Merchants, Importers of Brandy;

Ordered, That their Three Petitions concerning Brandy be taken into Consideration on Tuesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock

A Bill for Encouragement of Tillage, was read the Second time.

And there being several Debates for extending the Bill to the Exportation of Beer and Coal; and for an Imposition on French Barley which shall be imported; and other Matters;

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill be committed, on the Debates of the House, to Sir Geo Dozening, Sir

Lord her, Col. Gilby, Sir 77 lom.GmcerSir Hunt

Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir Swale, Col. Birch, Mr. King, Sir Jo. Knight, Mr. Col.

Sandys, Col. Rcomes, Sir AnthIrby, Sir Jo. Morley, Sir

Ordered, That the House will on Thursday next resolve Register* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion of bringing in a Bill of Registers.

DO O

And then the House adjourned Monday

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Dk.Lwue, 2S° Februarii, 1669. 22° Car. II.

Prayers.

IV , TR. reports from the Committee to which Bancks’

1VX the Bill for confirming the Estate ot Sir Ralph Estate. Bancks, in the Manor of 7'hirsUsket, and other Lands Ralph Bancks, Sir Thom.Tomkins, Lord Gorge, Mr. Jolly, in the County of Carmarthen, was committed, that the

Col. Williams, Sir Jo.Bennett, Mr. Cheyne, Col. Titus, Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and returned Sir Thomas Wendy, Mr. Buscazcen, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thom, it, without any Amendment.

Resolved, See. That the Rill be ingrossed.

Lee, Mr. Thom. Morris, Sir Thom. Meres, Mr. Robert Steward, Mr. Dowdcszcell, Sir Sir Jo

inorc. Sir John Newton, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Ji m. Fleeizvood, Mr Spry, Mr. BarnaSir Tompson, Mr.

A Bill to enable Jane and Henry Perkins to make an Wharton’* Assurance to Dr. Wharton, oi Lands by him purchased Estate.

Seymour, Sir Geo. Birkenhead, Sir./o. Talbott, Major IVal- in the County Palatine of w as read the First

den, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Moriee, Sir Jo. Coryton, time.

Regulating

Markets.

Habeas Corpus Writs.

Sir Jo.Northcote,. Sir 1 Taller Young, Lord Gorge, Mr. Speccot, Mr. Ratcliffe, Mr. Geo. Sir Sir

A7co. Slaning, Sir Nico. Cary, Sir Humfry Hooke, Mr.

Bence: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the regulating the Markets; and to prevent Abuses in the Grasing Trade, and Sale of Cattle: And it is referred to Mr. Steward to bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Gower do bring in the Bill concerning Wh its of Habeas Corpus.

Suppressing Ordered, That Sir John do bring in the Bill

Conventicles, against Conventicles,. on Monday Morning.

Pulilirk Bills . depending.

Resolved, That this Bill be read the Second time.

A Bill to make Stealing of Cloth off the Racks Felony without Clergy, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill he committed to Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Swale, Sir

Knight, Sir Thom. Alien, Col. Birch, Sir Carr, Mr. I.uey, Co\. Williams, Sir Denny Ashburnham,

Sir Adam Browne, Sir Robert Hoicard, Lord Richardson, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Jo.

Mr. Lovelace, Sir Jo. Talbott, Sir Thom. Tomkins, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Spry, Sir Thom.Dolman, Col. Mil-ward, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of

Gloster, JViIts, Somersett, York, Kent, Devon,

and Berks: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to consider the Debates of the House; and bring in an enacting Clause in the Bill to make stealing the King’s Ammunition or Stores Felony without Clergy: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cloth-

stealing.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee appointed to inspect the publick Bills, a List of several Bills which the Committee thought most necessary to receive Dispatch Which he delivered in, with the Rills, Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Navigation of WevNavi-

at the Table: And the House appointed to read one of the River in Surrey, be read on Morning gatwn.

them every Morning, in order to their Dispatch. next

Publick

Accounts,

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the Report of the Commissioners for Accounts, concerning Prize Goods.

And the Commissioners, being called in, delivered a further and more particular Report concerning that Matter, in Writing: Which was read; and, after their being withdrawn, was debated.

The Commissioners, being called in again; and asked, if they were now ready to make out Proof in any Particular of the Report; acquainted the House, that they were.

Ordered, That the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Bromley, Bromley’* be read the First Bill Tomorrow Morning. Estate.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming Purchasers Estates; Lady Lee’s and for settling Differences between the Lady Lee, Estat*.

and the Daughters and Coheirs of the late Earl of;

was read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming Purchasers Estates; and for settling Differences between the Lady Eliz. Lee, and the

11

22 Car. II. a8° i° Martii.

the Daughters and Coheirs of the late Earl df And Mr. Lavtlace-is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Suppressing The Bill for suppressing and preventing" Conventicles, CooYuticles. was read the First time.

I licsolved, That this Bill be read the Second time.

Habeas Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Corpus Robert tioxcard, and Sir Robert Atkins, to prepare and nls- bring in a Bill touching Writs of

Hmgeto Mr. Secretary Trevor acquaints the House, that he expedite had Command from his Majesty, to acquaint them, that his Majesty’s Intention was, that the Parliament Should rise before Easter; and that such publick Bills as are intended to pass, be made ready against that time.

Erv

’ Supply Hill; The Bill for raising a Supply for his Majesty, by an

KjmCuum. Imposition on Wines, was reud the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee

of the whole House, i Resolved, That the Committee be impowered to consider, what the Revenue of his Royal Highness the Duke of York, by W ine Licences, will be damnified by this Imposition; and report it to the House, with their Opinions, j what Uecompeuce is fit to be given in lieu of it.

! And then the House resolved into a Committee of the

, , whole House, upon the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

| Air. Speaker left the Chair.

| Sir Robert Atkins took Chair of the Committee.

i Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Allans, reports. That the Committee had

made some Progress in the Bill concerning his Majesty’s Supply; and moved, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House again Tomorrow Morning, alter the Business concerning Brandy is over, v.;"' Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the

" I Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee

I of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, after tl.e Busi-

ness of Brandy is over, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill concerning his Majesty's Supply.

a nmo* Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Tow n of Newcastle and Berwick, be added to the Committee

to which the Bill ot Sir Culhbcrt Heron, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A Bill to enable Thomas Horde Esquire 1o make Leases Horde of his Estate, and for Confirmation of Leases made by Leases, him, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for > Davison's

sheere and Bedfordsheere be added to the Committee to Estau.. which the Bill touching Mr. Davison, is committed: And these Members Following are likewise added to the said Committee; viz. Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Marvell, Sir Jo. Lowther, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Henley.

Upon Information, that an Attachment out of Chin- Privilege eery hath been taken out at the Suif of # against the Servant and Steward of Sir Roger Iiradshaigh, a Member of this House, on Breach of Privilege;

Ordered, That all Proceedings upon the said Attachment be staid during the Session of Parliament.

A Bill for settling the Draining of Lindsey Level, 'in Lindsey Lincolnshire, was read the Second time. Level.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir A nth. Irby,

Sir Hun fry JVynch, Sir Wm. Ke Lord

Mr. Crouch, Lord Fanshuu\Sir JoNewton, Sir Gilbert

Talbot, Colonel Sandys, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Doyley,

Sir Thom.Lee, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Sir

Talbot, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of York, Lincoln, Bedford, and Hartford: And all that come shall have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send Summons to the Country and Persons concerned, to come in and be heard the Second Tuesday of the Meeting of the House after the Recess: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Upon Complaint made to the House of a Breach of p.iviLeg*. Privilege committed against Rowland Longhorn Esquire, a Member of this House, by seizing and carrying away the Cows and Cattle, by virtue of a Writ out of tire Sessions of the County of Panbrooke, at the Suit of Reger Pritchard Gentleman; wherein the said Mr. Pritchard, and others, were assistant to Mr. Le the Deputy Sheriff,

and his Bailiffs and Agents;

Ordered, That the said Pritchard, Lewis, and the rest that did act and assist in seizing and carrying away the Cattle of the said Mr. Longhorn, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, to answ er their Breach of Privilege.

Die Mortis, 1° Martii, 1669- 22° Car. Prayers.

JfNgelbej’t von Lonvern did this Day take the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy before tire Speaker, at the Clerk’s T able, in order to his Naturalization.

G«wicl«’s A Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Win. kw*. Knight, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir IJumfry Winch, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Nico. Stoning, Sir Audi. Irby, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Crouch, Sir/u. Talbot, Mr. Th Sir Air. Brome JVhorzcood, Sir Wm. Kellegrcrv, Sir ft

cher, Mr. Grey, Lord Richardson, Sir JTm. Lorvihcr, Sir Thorn. Gtgccr, Sir Adam Browne, Sir JTm. Heckman, Dr.

Buncell, Sir Jo. Covert, Lord Sir

rard, Colonel Stroud, Mr. Harrison, Sir Richard Oat Icy, Lord Ailing ton, Mr. Gw. Clerke. Sir Thom. Proby, Sir Wm.Coventry, Mr. Spry, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir chard Wiseman, Sir Jo. Stroud, Mr. Williamson, Sir Geo. Courlop, Col. Whitley, Mr. Oalce/ey; and all the Member that serve for the Counties of Hartford, Bedford, and Lincolnc: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Vol. IX.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the Committee to which cioth-the Bill for making the Stealing of Cloth from the Racks stealing. Felony without Clergy, several Amendments agreed to be made; and a Proviso, as to the King’s Ammunition and Stores, to be added to the Bill: Which he read: And the Bill, with the Amendments, and Proviso, being agreed to; and another Amendment made at the Table, by inserting these Words, " or other w oollen Manufactures;"

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming the Estate of Sir Bancks Ralph Bancks, was read. Estate.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And the Title shall be,

An Act for confirming the Estate of Sir Ralph Bancks.

And Mr. Harbord is to carry up the Bill to the Lords,

Ordered, That the Bill on the Behalf of the Dean of Dean of St. Paul's, be read Tomorrow Morning. St Pa«l’«

House.

Ordered, That the Bill of Mr. Bromley, be read To- Bromley’* morrow Morning. Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill to make navigable the Riveils Rranden, Sic.

of Branden and Waveney in Norfolke, be read To-mor- Navigation, row Morning.

K it A Bill

i° Mar

>4

Illegal Imprisonment.

Cloth-

making.

Duty on Brandy.

Supply Bill; Vme Duties.

Duty on Brandy.

Heron's

Estate.

Committees.

Dean of St. Paul’s House.

Bromley's

Estate.

Brandnn,&e.

Navigation.

privilege.

Gostwickes

Estate.

130 1 —

A Bill to prevent sending of English Subjects Prisoners into Parts beyond the Seas, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

A Bill to regulate the making of Cloth, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

The Three several Petitions, of the Distillers; of the Farmers of the Excise; and the Merchant Importers concerning Brandy; was read.

Resolved, That the Debate upon the said Petitions be, whether foreign Brandy be admitted, or excluded.

The Question being propounded, That the Importation of foreign Brandy be wholly prohibited;

And the Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It Mas resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put, That the Importation of foreign Brandy be wholly prohibited;

The House divided.

The Y eas Ment forth.

Tellers,

Sir Jo. llotham,

Sir Jo. Fogg,

Colonel Stroud,

Mr. Spry,

And so it passed in the Negative.

for the Yeas, 83. for the Noes. 91.

Resolved, That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply, Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Farmers for his Majesty’s Excise, and the Merchants trading in Brandy, be heard to their Petitions on Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Sir C'uihuert Heron, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned till Four of the Clock this Atternoon.

Die Mercurii, 2° Martii, 1669- 22° Car. II. Prayers.

(2 Kristopher Gunman and Mary did this

Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for enabling the Dean of to build

a Mansion-house for him and his Successors, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

1669.

was committed, that the Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and found no Cause to make any Amendment or Alteration: And delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, See. That Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Walter Poor Laws. ’ Young, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Coventry, Mr. Cheyne, Mr. Spry, Sir Thom. Ike, be added to the Committee concerning the Poor.

’-.I

A Bill for draining the Fens called Deeping Fen, was keeping read the First time. Fen‘

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time. V

A Bill for settling the Measures of Corn and Salt, was Com and read the Second time. Sjlt 'Iea*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Col. Birch, Sir sures"

Solom. Swale, Mr. Spry, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Robert

Atkins, Sir Thom.Allen, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Them.

Gower, Sir Thom.Lee, Sir Jo. H Sir Thom.

Meres, Serj. Mainard, Sir Wm.Flca Sir Jo. Bennett, Sir Thom, llamnore, Col. Williams, Sir Lake,

Sir Humjry Winch, Sir Jo. Northcote, Mr. Cheyne, Sir Thom. Blond-worth, Sir Them. 7 omplcins, Sir Browne,

Col. Titus, Mr. George, Sir Jo.Knight, Sir Young,

Sir Wm. Coveniry, Sir Wm. Lout her, Mr. and

all the Members that serve lor Devonshire, and Cornwall Dorset, and Hampshire: And all that shall come are to

have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two ___

of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. ]

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Gower have Leave to bring Certioranw.

in the Bill concerning Certioraries.

O

The Question being put, That the Business of the Supply. King's Supply be adjourned till Tomorrow;

The House divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir John Kyrle,

Sir Richard

Sir Nich.Cary, \

Mr. Cheyne,

For the Y'eas, 98. For the Noes, 72.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Jurors, be read To- Regulating

morrow Morning.

Jurors.

.11

Ordered, That the Debate of the Union between the Union with Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, be adjourned Scotland, till Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act, and for Falmouth erecting a Key for Shipping within the Harbour of K*v* mouth, w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable a Sale of Lands for Payment of the Debts, and providing for the Children, of George Bromley Gentleman, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

A Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Brandon and Waveny, in the County of Norfolke, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That William Wilier ton, Thomas Grimes, and Mary Wootton be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for their Breach of Privilege, in seizing and driving the Cattle of the Tenants of Sir Thomas Meres; thereby intending to bring into Question his Title to the Lands they hold of him.

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Gostwicke Knight, 16

A Bill for suppressing and preventing Coventicles, was Suppressing: read the Second time. Conventicle*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jo. ston, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Wm.Coventry, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Wm. Loxvther, Sir Nich. Slaning, Sir Han-more, Mr. Garraxcay, Sir Charles Harbord, Lord Fits ;j/

Williams, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Clifford Clif ton, Sir Bennett, Mr. Geo. Clerke, Sir Geo. Talbott, Mr. , i

Mr. Waller, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Wm. Beecher, Col. Phillips, Sir Robert Burnham, Sir Nich. Cary, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Cheyne, Sir Thom. LLan-more. Col. Reames, Sir Thom. Wendy, Sir JVarwickr;

Sir Thomas Proby, Sir Jo. Morley, Mr. Robert j

Sir Wm.Bassett, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Mr. Mr. j,

Chichley, Sir Jo.Robinson, Mr. Crouch, Lord Allington, f

Mr. Hide, Col. Windham,'Col. Legg, Sir tr

Major Walden, Colonel Sandys, Lord Haxcley, Sir Jo.

Car. II.

2° — 3° Martii.

I3I

w

Fa,

Knight, Sir Allen Apsley, Mr. Mihvard, Sir Thom. Tom- Mr. Law, Sir Col. Col.

kins, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Jeffery Shockerly. Colonel Sir Thom. Sir Thom. , Sir Win.

Whitley, Mr. Cholmley, Col Phillips, Sir Robert Worsley, , Sir Mr. Morris, Col.

Sir Geo. Beeves, Mr. Barnaby, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir c:" c e:_ m — j..:-;.

Ilumfry Winch, Sir Jo. Heath, Mr. Danidi, Mr. Pri-deaur, Sir Thorn. Doleman, Sir Allen Brodrick, Mr.

Westphaling, Lord St. John, Mr. Sherrard, Sir Edrn.

Pye, Mr. Spry, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr Devereux, Lord

Panshaw, Lord Ancram, Sir Richard Wiseman, Sir Gilbert

Gerrard, Mr. Steward, Lord Contbury, Mr. Newport,

Mr. Bennett: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

5fc*frefl

Chotth.

jure,

ftomittees.

Certk'3 ’

Soijiljf.

iostt.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for making and endowing a Church at Shadwell, was committed; viz. Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Theop. Biddolph, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. PrideaiLv, Mr. Ash, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Fliab Harreii, Sir Fran. Clerke, Sir Jo. Coventry, Mr. Bronx. IVhorwood, Mr. Onslow, Sir Jo. Coventry.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight of the Clock.

o ©

Die Jovis, 3° Martii, 1669- 22* Car. II.

Praters.

jSubella Bcovcy did this Day take the Oaths of Alle-

giance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk's Table, in order to her Naturalization.

A Bill to enable Thomas Horde Esquire to make Leases of his Estate, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir Wm. Lawther, Sir John Sir Jo.

Robinson, Sir Allen Brodrick, Col.

Sandys, Sir Robert Howard, Lord Cornbury, Sir Jo. Coventry, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Robert Atkins, Lord Panshaw, Sir Thom.Allen, Sir Ralph Si

Browne, Sir Jo. Talbott, Mr. West [dialing.Sir Jo. Brampston, Sir Phill. Harcourt, Sir Mr.

Bainton, S ir Jo. Kyrle, Mr. Bronte JVhorwood, Sir Windham, Sir Walter St. John, Sir Mr.

Robert Thomas, Mr. Jo. How, Mr. Packer, Mr. Sandys, Sir Richard Ingoldsby, Mr. Mr. Low, Mr.

Geo. Ilungcrford, Sir Thomas CMr. James Herbert,

Colonel Williams, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Sir Allen Apsley,

Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Cyrill Mr. Pinch, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Sir Jo. Mulet,

Mr. Nasworthy, Sir Jo. Cary, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir

FretchvileHollis, Mr. Daniel/, Sir Jo. Robinson, and all

the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of O.10/1 and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Fretchvile Hollis, Sir Allen Apsley, Sir

Sir Hugh Windham, and all the Members that serve for

Suffolke, Norjolke. and Lincolne:And they are to meet

at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable the Dean of St. Paule's to build a Dean of Mansion House for himself and his Successors, was read St. Paul’* the Second time. House.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crouch,

Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir Sir

Thom. Gower, Sir Charles Harbord Sir Thom. Tomkins, Mr. Morris, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Phill. Warwick, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Courtny Poole, Mr. Hobby, Sir Jo. Norton, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Oatlcy, Sir Brampston, Dr. Buncell, Sir Thom. Proby, Sir

Lawther, Sir Jo. Lawther, Sir Jo. Newton, Sir Humfry JVynch, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Jo. Coryton, Sir Win.

Coventry, Lord Fits Williams, Sir Richard Ford, Mr.

Pleydall, Sir Solom.Swale, Mr. and all the Members that serve for London and Middlesex: And they are to meet To-tnorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining of Highways, was Repairing read the First time. Highway*.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent burning Stacks of Corn and Hay, BommgCorn maiming and killing of Cattle, and other Mischiefs, was s"acks^ read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Solom.Swale reports from the Committee to which HeroneY

the Bill, on the Behalf of Sir Cuthbert Her one, for Sale of Estate.

Lands, tvas committed, some Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place: Which, being twice read, were agreed to:

And after delivered in the Bill, with the Amendments, at the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Persons following do attend the Eersons honourable the House of Commons, upon Saturday atten next, at Nine of the CJock in the Morning, to give their Testimonies in a Cause then to be heard at the Bar of the House, between the Fanners of his Majesty’s Excise on imported Liquors, and several Merchants Importers of Brandy ..

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill on the Behalf of Sir Gostwicke’s Wm.Gostivicke, be read Tomorrow Morning. Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Whartons Bill be read Tomorrow Wharton’* Morning. Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill for repairing of Churches, be Repairing read Tomorrow Morning. Churches.

>n, Sc. A Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Brandon Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to take away the Cloth* Ration. an(j Wavency, in the County of Norjolke, was read the Benefit of Clergy from such as feloniously cut and steal steahng-Second time. Cloth from the Rack in the Night-time, and from certain

Resolved, kc. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert other Offenders, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Carr, Sir Wm. Lawther, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Spry, Sir

Pran. Clarke, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir A Bill to prevent sending Subjects Prisoners illegal Im-

John Newton, Sir Thom. Clergis, Lord Fils-williams, Sir into Parts beyond the Seas, was read the Second time, prisomnent.

Thom. Gower, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Resolved, That this Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Westphaling, Sir Jo. Lowther, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. Lee, Sir Sir

Steward, Sir Jo. Kyrle, Sir Wm. Lewis, M r. Finch, Sir Poole, Lord Ancram, Sir Robert Carr, Lord Fits Williams,

JVm. Beechci', Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Crouch, Sir Courtney Sir Richard Temple, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir JValter Young, Sir Poole, Sir Jo. Coryton, Lord Richardson, Lord Allington, Thom. Mr. Love, Mr. Swynfen, Sir Richard Vox, IX, Ford,

*3*

3° — 4" — 5° Martii. A. 1669.

Ford, Mr Cheyne, Sir Jo. Col. Williams, Sir

Solotn. Swale, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir A nth. Irby, Colonel Reamed, Sir Jo. Hotham, Mr. Buscawen,

Sir Jo. Dawney, Sir 'thorn. Gorver, Sir Thom. Tomkins, Mr. Danietl, Sir Jo. Fitz James, Mr. Dunslar, Mr.

dale, Sir Win.Coventry, and all the Members that serve

for the County of Wilts;and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hearth- Ordered, That the Bill concerning Hearth-money, be money Tax. rea(j T0_m0rr0w Morning.

Supply Bill; And then the House resolved into a Committee of the W ine Duties, whole House, to proceed in the further- Consideration of the Bill for Ins Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the Committee, in their Progress in the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply, being moved, that Vinegar might be charged with the same Duty as Wine, to be paid by the Importer, thought fit to refer the Consideration thereof to the House.

Resolved, That Vinegar be charged as French Wine, and paid by the Importer.

Resolved, That the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

Persons to Ordei'ed, That Alderman and Doctor Williams

attend. be summoned to attend this House on Saturday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

Call of the Ordered, That the House be called over on Monday House. Sevennight

Committee Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple be added to the of Privileges. Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

from such as steal Cloth from the Rack; and from such as shall steal or imbezzle his Majesty's Ammunition or Stores.

And Sir Win. Beecher is to carry up the Two Bills to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Child and Message

Sir Thomas Estcourt; UnbnLwiU

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Vote Scotland, concerning the Union between England and To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Which Vote was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, iu Parliament assembled, That his Majesty be humbly desired to name Commissioners for the Kingdom of who may be authorized by Act of Parliament to treat with Commissioners to be appointed by his Majesty for the Kingdom of Scotland, about the Grounds of an Union between the Two Kingdoms: Reserving always to his Majesty, and hisTwo Houses of Parliament (to whom the Resolution of these Commissioners is to be returned') the intire Consideration of the Whole, and the also wing or disallowing thereof, or any Part thereof, as they shall see fit.

Ordered, That the Bill for making a Key for Ship- Falmouth ping within Falmouth Harbour, be read Tomorrow Key. Morning.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Privilege acquaint them, that this House hath received Information, Jurisdiction that there is an Appeal depending before them, at the ot Kords. Suit of Mr. Henry Slingesby, against Mr. William Hale,

a Member of this House; which is appointed to be taken into Consideration Tomorrow: And to desire the Lords to have Regard to the Privileges of this House therein.

C5 O

Ordered, That Dr. Wharton's Bill be read Tomorrow Wharton Morning. Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill for making the Rivers navigable Cornwall

in Cornwall, be read Tomorrow Morning. navigable

’ 0 Rivers.

Ordered, That the Bill for Jurors, be read Tomorrow Regulating Morning. Jurors.

Die Veneris, 4° Martii, l66'9- 22° Car. II.

Prayers.

Lindsey f\RDERED, That all such Members as serve for the

Level. C/ Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somersctt, Dorsctt, and Wilts, for Yorke, Lancaster, and Hunt-

ington, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Lindsey Level, is committed.

Repaying A Bill for Repair of Churches, was read the First time.

Churches. Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Thomas Tomkins have Leave to go Absence. into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Deeping Ordered, That the Bill concerning Deeping Fenn, be Tenn. read the First Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Costwicke’g An ingrossed Bill for enabling of Sir Wm. Gostwiclce Estate. Knight to make a Jointure to Dame Mary his Wife, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And the Title shall be, An Act for enabling of Sir Wm. Gostwicke Knight to make a Jointure to Dame Mary his Wife.

Ordered, That the Bill for Highways, be read To- Repairing morrow Morning. Highways.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration on Wiue Duties, the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Bill: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill, on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Monday Morning next, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Cloth-

stealing.

, . , tv., n Die Sabbati, 5° Martii, 1669- 22° Car. II.

Another mgrossed Bill for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from such as steal Cloth from the Rack; and Prayers.

from such as shall steal of imheazle his Majesty’s Ara- JjEnry Herbert and did this Day take

munition. the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And the Title Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturo-shall be, An Act for taking awaj the Benefit of the Clergy lization.

i'J

1.

i4

se

"-Ji

|Q

ill

jle

avs.

Bl;

12 Car. II. 50 Martii. 133

Arfatig*- Ordered, That all Bills shall receive Dispatch in Prio-ment for dis- j.|tv Oder of Time, as they were brought in, and have JUud?1"8 been depending.

Imping A Bill for draining the Fen called Fenn, was

Fern. read the Second time.

Resolved. , See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Hum-fry Winch, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Sir Anth.

Irby, Sir Charles Harbord, Lord Gorge, Sir Robert Carr,

Lord Allingion, Sir Jo. Newton, Sir Mr.

fVestphaling, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Grey, Mr. Clarke, Mr.

Motmtague, Sir IVm. Lewis, Sir Jo. Sir Edmund

Poole, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Hobby, Dr. Harwell, Mr. Jaye, Sir Thom. Wtindy, Sir Thom. Mr. Morris, Mr.

Daniell, and all the Members that nerve for the Counties of Yorke, 'Nottingham, Lincolne, Bedford, Northampton, Cambridge and Huntingdon: And they are to meet at Two Of the Ciock in the Afternoon, in tire Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wbarton’i A Bill to enable Jane and Henry Perkins to makp Eiuie. Assurance to Dr. Wharton of Lands by him purchased in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the Second dine.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Dr.

SxrThom. Gower, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir . Knight, Sir

Robert Atkins, Mr. Wiren, Sir Talbott. Mr.

Sir Jo. Duncombe, Sir Jo.Northcote, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Morice, Sir Jo.Heath, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Otway, Sir Solom. Swale, Lord Fanshawe, Mr. Motmtague, Mr. West-phaling, Sir Antho.Irby, Sir Talbott, Sir I Tin. Lord her, Sir Nich. Cary, Mr. Buscawen, Col. Mr. Spry,

Mr. Grey, Dr. Arris, Sir Rich Sir shaigh, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Yorke, Newcastle, Town of Berwick, Cumberland, and Northumberland: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fcmingCom A Bill to prevent burning Stacks of Hay and Com, aid Hay and other Mischiefs usually committed by lewd Persons Sticks. in the flight time, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jo.

combe, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Nich. Slatting, Lord Alington,

Sir Win.Lowther, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir Solom. Swale,

Sir IVmstmC'hurchdl, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Jo. Heath,

Sir Nich. Cam/, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir , Sir Jo.

Northcote, Mr. Daniell, Mr. ren. Sir Charles Harbord,

Sir Jo.Morley, Col Birch, Sir Mr. Pleydall,

Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Jo. Malet, Lord Fanshawe, Col.

Sir Thom. Do/eman, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Crouch, Sir Jo. knight. Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Jo.Corytoti, Mr.

hng, Mr. palmer, Mr. Buscawen, Col. Kirkby, Sir Jo. Branpston, Sir Jo. Nacton, Sir Edw. Smith, Sir Anth. Cope, Sir Jo. Hanmorc, Mr. Cketwin, Dr. Sir

Hickman, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Northampton, Cambridge, Dorsett, Somersctt, and Lincolne: And ail that shall come are to lrave Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the said Mrs. Mary Santley be summoned to attend the Committee of Privilege, to answer the Breach of Privilege objected against her.

Resolved, That Mr. John Santley, Son of Mrs. Mary Santky, who acted in the arrest of... Servari$

to Sir Anth. Cope; and caused him to be carried away, knowing him to be Servant to Sir Anth. Oope; and also, . who served the said Summons on the Said Sir Anthony Cope;be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at

Arms, attending this House, or his Deputy, to answer their Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That John Broxham, the menial Servant of

Sir Anth. Cope, be discharged of his Imprisonment; and all Proceedings in the Suit to be stayed.

Sir Thomas Lee reports, That, in obedience to the Older Privilege — of this House, he had delivered the Message of this House Lorde*0" to the Lords, concerning the Privileges of this House:

And, being withdrawn for a Time, and again called in, that the Lord Keeper declared, That the House of Commons needs not doubt, but that the Lords would have as due Regard to their Privileges, as they had to their own.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the jjuly on Matter, depending before them, upon the several Peti- Brandy, tiens concerning Brandy:

And, in order thereto, Mr. Alderman Bucknall, Mr.

Alderman Forth, and Dr. Williams, being summoned by Order of the House, and attending at the Door, were called in: And, being asked several Questions in the Matter concerning Brandy; and having given their Information at large to the iiouse; and being withdrawn; and the Matter debated;

Resolved, That a Bill be prepared and brought in, for regulating the making of Brandy: And that it be referred to Sir Thom.Meres, Mr. Solicitor General, Serj. Mainard,

Sir Jo. Duncombe, Sir John Talbott, Col. Birch, Sir Solom.

Sunk, Mr. Gurraway, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Robert

Carr, Sir Robert Hou ard, Sir Job. Charlton, Mr. Mil-ward, Mr. King, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir

Winston Churchill, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Charles Harbord,

or any Three of them, to consider of the Debates of the House; and to prepare and bring in a Bill: And also to consider of some Means now to hinder the Importation of foreign Brandy; and to make an Estimate of the King’s Revenue arising by the Imposition on Brandy: and consider of a Recompense to his Majesty for it; and how to charge the present foreign Brandy, that is already come in; or coming in; and to look into the Patent of the Company of Distillers, and see how far it extends, and wherein it is prejudicial to Trade; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Upon full Hearing, and Examination of Witnesses on both Sides, concerning the Duty of Brandy, at the Bar of the House;

Resolved, That the Debate of this Matter concerning Brandy be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Regulating Ordered, That the Bill touching Jurors; the Bill to Jurors, 4c- enable his Majesty to make Leases; and the Bill concerning Highways; be read on Monday Morning next.

Bromley’s Ordered, That the Bill concerning Mr. Bromley and Estate, 4c. the Bill of Sir Peter Kelkgrewbe read on Monday Morning next.

Privilege. Information being given of a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Anth. Cope, a Member of this House, in arresting and detaining ... Broxham, his menial Servant, at the Suit of Mrs. Mary Santley; and in causing Summons to be served on Sir Anth. Cope, to appear in the Mayor’s Court;

VoL.IX.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. James, Rebuilding Mr. Henley, Sir Theop. Biddolph, Col. Williams, Sir Jo. London. Lowther, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Cheyne,

Mr. Dunstar, Sir Trevor Williams, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for the Building the City of London, is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for making a Key within the Falmouth Harbour of Falmouth, be read on Monday Momingnext. Key.

LI Die

*34

Martii.

A. 1669.

Die Luna, 7* 1669-

Corn and Salt Measures.

Dean of St. Paule's House.

Wharton's

Estate.

Williams’

Estate.

Bromley’s

Estate.

Praters.

fORDERED, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Measures was committed; viz. Sir Richard Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Thomas Sir Fran. Co-

lonel Whitley, Lord Ancram: and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Hereford,

Shropshire, Wales, Cornwall, and Devon, are also added.

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Dean of Saint to build a Man-

sion-house for himself and Successors, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place: Which, being twice read, were agreed to: And delivered in the Bill at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Solom.Swale reports from the Committee to which

Mr. Perkin's Bill to make Assurance to Dr. Wharton of Lands by him purchased in the County Palatine of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment: And delivered in the Bill at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill on the Behalf of Col. Williams, concerning Lands in Huntingtonshire.

A Bill for explaining a former Act: And for enabling Falmouth Sir Peter Kellegrew to erect a Key for Shipping within the Harbour of Falmouth was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir ry ton, S'wThom. Allen, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir combe, Sir Will. Lmvther, Sir Jo.Hanmore, Mr. Lucy,

Sir Nich. Slaning, Sir Edm. Pye, Mr. Spry, Sir Thom.

Clergis, Colonel Reames, Sit Jo. Knight, Sir Rich. Wise-

man, Mr. King, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. Buscawen, Mr.

Solicitor General, Sir Jo.Newton, Col. Windham, Sir Wm. Fleeticood, Sir Jonath.Trelawny, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Steward, Mr. Pleydall, Sir Jo.Northcote, Mr. Tregonnell,

Sir Walter Young, Sir Wm. Heyward, Sir John Talbott,

Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Buller, Sir Fretchville Hollis, Mr. Garraway, Sir Fran. Clerke, Sir Jo. Malet, Col. Williams, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Sir Hen.

Yelverton, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall; and all that serve for any Port Towns: And the Committee are to hear what shall be offered in the Behalf of the Vicar of Penryn; or of the Towns of Truro and Perryn, and Ports near adjacent:

And to meet Tomorrow, at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition on the Behalf of Sir John Heath and his Heath’# Lady, was tendered. P*titio».

Ordered, That the Petition be read; and a Committee appointed To-morrow- Morning, to take it into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for suppressing Suppres*i#g and preventing Conventicles, be heard Tomorrow Conventicle#.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning the publick Ac-, Publick counts be taken into Consideration on Thursday Morning Account#, next: And that the Commissioners for Accounts be desired then to attend.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lee's Report of the Bill, lllegal Im*

A Bill to enable George Bromley Gentleman to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, and providing for his Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Fa/ishaw,

Mr. Vaughan, Lord Richardson, Mr. How, Mr. Bartu,

Sir Thom. Doleman, Sir Edm.Pye, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Swim-

fen, Sir Solom. Swale, Sn Jo. Cory ton. Sir Charles Harbord, , vra s aepoa 01 me mi, -s — Sir Thom.AUai. Sir Thom. Timpkim, Col. Roanm.Sa ‘mV'1'11 '!’ d °n Morning

Winston Churchill, and all the Members that serve for

Regulating

Juries.

Horde’#

Leases.

Cornwall

Rivers.

Hertford and Bedford: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for regulating Juries, was read the Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Vaughan, Sir

Thom. Allen, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Win. Lowther, Sir Wm.Coventry, Col. Reames, Sir Cory ton, Mr. Bus-

cawen, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Thom. Doleman, Mr. Dmc-deswell, Col. Birch, Dr. Burwell, Sir Sir

Solom. Swale, Sir Thom. Tompkins, Sir Thom. Goner, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Solicitor General, Col. Titus, Sir Harboard, Mr. Harboard, Mr. Mr. Sir

Talbott, Sir Jo. Brampston, Sir Robert Barnham, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Onsloic, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Culleford, Sir Waller Young, Mr. Spry, Sir Newton: And all that shall come are to have Voices; and all the Members that serve for Yorke, Devon, Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Thomas Horde Esquire to make Leases of his Estate, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title shall be, An Act to enable Thomas Horde Esquire to make Leases of his Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill for making Rivers navigable in Cornwall, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; A Bill to enable his Majesty to let Leases of Duchy Duchy of Lands in Cornwall, w as read the First time.

Leasin Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Nine of the Clock.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration WmeDutie#. of the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the said Bill for his Majesty’s Supply: And that the Committee were of Opinion, That the Duty to be laid upon the Liquors in this Bill be paid by the Importer.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Duty be paid by the Importer.

Resolved, That Provision be made in this Bill for preventing Frauds in the Importation; and for prohibiting any Allowance upon Exportation of any of the Liquors chargeable in the Bill.

The House then again resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the said Bill, upon the Votes last passed in the House: And moved, that the House wrould resolve into a Committee, to proceed upon the said Bill on Thursday Morning next; and so de die in diem.

Resolved, That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Wednesday Morning next, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill lor Ins Majesty's Supply.

Ordered,

22 Car. II. 70 — 8# — 9 135

Tillage and Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Cattle. Cinque Ports be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Tillage was committed.

Ljim Writ Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper

of the Great Seal of England, of the Death of Sir William Hovell Knight, who lately served as a Member of this House for the Town of Lynn in the county of ;

desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for a new Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Rebuilding Ordered, That Sir James Rusfiout be added to the hodon. Committee to which the Bill lor rebuilding the City of London was committed.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Die Martis, 8* Marti 1669. 22° Car. II. Pray ers.

Leigh’s A BILL to enable Thomas Leigh Esquire to sell

Estate. /l Part of his Lands, for Payment of his Debts,

was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

to put the Laws against Popish Recusants in Execution; Popish And that Leave be given to bring in a Bill lor the more Recusant*, speedy and easy Conviction of Popish Recusants.

And it is referred to Sir Thonuis Meres, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Walter Young, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Thom.

Lee, Sir John Coventry; or any Three of them.

The Vote of the Lords concerning the Union was read. Union with

Ordered, That the Debate thereof be adjourned till cot Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply be Supply Bill; adjourned till Friday Morning. W ine Duties,

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Bromley’s the Committee, to which the Bill concerning Mr. Bromley Rslat was committed: viz.

Sir GilbertG errard, Colonel Whitley, Sir

Sir Richard Ma/everer, Sir Wm. Beecher, Sir Sir Jo. Barnaby, Colonel Stroud, Sir Richard Wiseman, Sir Thom. Woodcock, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 9° Mail'd,lG()9, 22° II.

tsiiij

nick

:k

Mil

Hid.

lmenu

Iv RE; slfciJ

Tillage and Ordered, That all the Members that serve for Cattle. and Suffolke, and the Lord A (ling ton, and Lord

shicwe, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for improving of Tillage is committed.

Heron* An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Lands, to pay the Debts, and raise Portions for the younger Children, of Sir Cuthbert Heron, Baronet, was read.

Ordered, That the Bill do pass: And the Title shall be, An Act for Sale of Lands, to pay the Debts, and raise Portions for the younger Children, of Sir Cuthbert Heron Baronet.

wharton’* Ordered, That the Bill for Dr. Wharton be read To-Lstate. morrow Morning.

Repairing Ordered, That the Bill concerning Highways be read Highways. Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege. Ordered, That. Jiloore, Widow, and John Wwd-ward, a Bailiff of Norwich, be summoned to attend the Committee of Privileges, to answer their Breach of Privilege, in arresting John Woodden, menial Servant to Sir Robert Paston, a Member of this House.

Suppressing Sir John Brampston reports from the Committee to Conventicles, which the Bill for preventing and suppressing of Conventicles . . , several Amendments to be made, and some Provisoes added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place:

And some Amendments being added thereto, at the Table; and the same being twice read; upon the Question, were agreed to.

Resolved, That the Amendments and Provisoes be

Information The House receiving Information of a dangerous of a Con- Cpnventicle lately met in the and of treasonable

vtnucle. Words there spoken; and that his Majesty had given Order for Prosecution of the Offenders;

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, for his Care in giving Order to bring the Offenders to Justice: And that his Majesty would be pleased to consider the Danger of Conventicles in and near London and Westminster, from the Nature of those further off; and to give Order for the speedy suppressing of them: And that his Majesty would give Order Vo 1.IX.

Prayers.

A BILL for repairing and maintaining the High- Repairing ways, was read the Second time. Highways.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Crouch,

Sir Wm. Lozrther, Sir Solon;. Swale, Sir. Talbott, Mr.

Cholmley, Colonel Phillips, Dr. Burnell, Sir Fran. Vincent, Sir Jo.Duncombe, Sir Jo.Brampston, Mr. Onslow,

Serjeant Mainard, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Lucy, Sir Barnaby, Sir Jo. Hanmore, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Hanmore, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Richard Francklyn, Colonel Titus, Sir Thom. Dolemati, Mr. West-

phaling, Sir Jeffery Shackerley, Sir Robert Atkins, Air.

James Thyn, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Air.

Vaughan, Sir Jo. Mulct, Mr. Finch, Sir Bradshaigh,

Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Jo. Coryton, Sir Jo. Coventry,

Morgan, Sir Geo.Probcrt, Sir Thom. Cary, Sir Thom.

Gower, Mr. Dalmahoy, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Hoby, Air.

Chetwin, Ld. Gorges, Mr. George, Sir Jo. Lowther, Sir Charles Harboard, Air Buller, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bidler,

Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Griffith, Sir Tompkins, Air.

Whittaker, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Tr And all that shall come are to have Voices:, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Jo. Brampston reports from the Committee to Burning which the Bill to prevent burning Stacks of Com and Com and Hay, and maiming of Cattle, by lewd Persons, in the Stoc Night-time, was committed, several Amendments to be made, and two Provisoes to be added, to the Bill: Which Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

The first of the said Provisoes being twice read; and some Debate arising thereupon, and upon some other Alatters in the Bill relating thereto;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed, upon the Debates of this House.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Jo. Heath be read Heath* Tomorrow Aloming, the First Business. Petition.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning Coro "d Aleasures be heard Tommorrow' Aloming, the Second Measures Business.

Ordered,

Privilege — Persons discharged from Custody.

Union with Scotland.

Suppressing

Conventicles.

Duty on Brandy.

Ditto.

Union with Scotland.

Stockman's, &c. Nat.

Dunwich

Writ.

Heath's

Petition.

Marttu

A\

Ch'dertd, That Mt*. AtcfrySdntley bfe disfcharged of

the Breath of Privilege: And that Mr. her Son,

and the Officers concerned, be discharged of their Commitment, paying their Fees.

The Question being put, Whether the House would now proceed upon the adjourned Debate of the Union, before the Reading of the Bill against Conventidles; The HouSe divided:

The Noes went out.

Tellers,

Mr. Nich. Morice,

Mr. King,

for the Yeas, 101.

}*»-«

And so it passed in the Negative.

The ingrossed Bill to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles, was read.

The Question being put, That this Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Y eas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Jo. Burnaby,

Sir Thom. Doleman,

Sir John Fitz Janies,

Sir Jo. Malct,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles: And that Sir Jo. slon do carry up this Bill to the Lords.

1

for the Yeas, 138. for the Noes, 78.

Resolved, That the Debate concerning Brandy, appointed for this Day, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That die Merchants be heard to their Complaints, in their Petition against the Farmers of Excise, on Saturday Morning next: And that the said Farmers do then bring in their Patent to this House, of the Seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Resolved, That the Debate of (he Matter concerning the Union be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock; which if not determined by Ten, that then the House proceed to the Business of the Day before appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Eight of the Clock.

--: - 8- -- ----- 1^.

Sir Sdkrrn. Steak, Sit HttnftyfVynch, Col.

Sit Adam Browne, Sit Robert Atkins, Sir Gilbert Tatfott, Mr. Hen. Coventry, Lord George, Sir Cfutrles Harford,

Sir Thom. Gower, Dr. Burwell, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Wm.

Lowther, Mt. Grey, Serj. Mainard, Cod. Birch, Sit Talbott, Sir Jo. Brampston, Sir Coventry, Mt.

George, Sir Wm. L&to ther, Sir Nick.Sir Thom. Doleman, Sir Walter Young, Mt. , Sir Thom.

Tompkins, Mt. Westphalrng, Col. Phillips, Mr. Glascock,

Lord Fanshdw, Mr. Daltnahoy, Sit Clifford Clifton, Sir

Geo. Courtop, Sir Thom. Monpcsson, Dord Ailing ton, and

all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all that serve for the County of Kent: And they ate to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in die Speaker’s Chamber;

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee, to which Corn and Salt the Bill for settling the Measures ctf Corn and Salt was Measures> committed, several Amendments agreed to be made, and a Proviso to be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place: "Which being twice rfead; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Proviso, ingrossed, to be added to the Bill, for Notice to be given by Proclamation, in due time, of the Act, in the several Market Towns.

Ordered, That the Bill for Repair of Churches be read Repairing Tomorrow Morning. Churches.

Ordered, That the Bill for vesting the Manor of Newington Newington Barrow in his Majesty, be read Tomorrow Barrow

Morning. M"-

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing the Stealing of Child-Children be read Tomorrow Morning. stealing.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter, Union with concerning the Union between the Two Nations of Scotland. England and Scotland.

And the Vote of the Lords being read; and the Matter debated;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in their Vote, concerning the Union between the Two Nations of England and Scotland.

Oi'dered, That Mr. Treasurer do acquaint the Lords, that this House doth concur with them in their Vote concerning the Union between the Two Nations.

Die Jovis, 10° Mart 'd, 1669. 22" Car. II.

Praters.

fijfAtthexo Etched did this Day take the Oaths of Alle-

giance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Rill for the Naturalization of Isaac Stockman, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England of the Death of Richard Cooke Esquire, who lately served as a Member of this

House for the.....of Dunwich, in the County of

Suffolke, desiring him that a Writ may issue forth, under the Great Seal, for a new Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

The Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts, publick attending, according to former Order, at the Door, were Account* called in; and delivered in a List of Prize Ships and Vessels continuing still uncleared; some of them remaining chargeable upon the Commissioners of Prizes, in relation to several Ports.

They likewise delivered in a further Report and State of Accounts concerning Sir George Carteret.

The said List of Prize Ships and Vessels were read.

The House then proceeded to the Hearing of the said Commissioners, as to their Proofs and Instances for make-ing good their Report; particularly as to the Port of Bristol, Port of London, and Port of Dover-, wherein several Members of this House, formerly Commissioners in that Affair, in their several Places, answered thereunto.

Resolved, That the further Hearing upon this Report, and particularly that Part of it relating to the Port of Dover, be adjourned till Monday Morning next: And the Commissioners for Accounts are desired then to attend.

A Petition of Sir John Heath Knight, and Dame Ordered, That these Members following be added to Rloml(J1, Margery his Wife, was read. the Committee, to which Mr. Bromleys Bill was com- Estate.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider mitted; viz. Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Mil-ward, Lord Aloud examine the Matter of this Petition; and report it, lington, Colonel Sir Clerke, Sir

with their Opinions therein, to the House; viz.Mr. Steward, Sir Mr. Sit Roger

34 . Bradshaigh,

&iv

a*.

HDf

ii«L

gtGI

5V

p.

wiik

nd.

:k

xu

fy’»

Repairing

Churdin.

Child-

ilwlllJg.

Bojclfji

htJte.

Duty on lirmidy.

Orders

Postponed.

filiating

Jurors,

Deepmu

hnu, fcc.

2i Car. II. 10° — x i°

Bradshaish, Sir Jo. Covert, Mr. and all the

Members that serve lor the County of Kent.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the' Clock.

Die Veneris, 11° Martii, 1669- 22° Car. II.

Prayers.

]\rlcholas du Pin did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining of Churches, was read the Second time.

Biso/ied, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Bromic, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Sir Richard

Oakley, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr Steward, Sir

Atkins, Sir Jo. Talbott, Colonel Phillips, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Wm. Lorwther, Sir Hugh Sir Jo.

Nearton, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Lucy, Sir Nick. Slaning, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. Spry, Colonel

Hollis. Serjeant Mainard, Sir Thom. Gcnrer, Sir Charles JJarbord, Mr. Hoby, Mr. Crouch, Sir Lewis, Mr.

Cholmley, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Williams, Mr.

Mr. Grey, Mr. Chetwin, Colonel Birch, Sir Thom. Dole-

man, Dr. Buncell, Sir Jonath. Mr.

Mr. Cutkjord, Sir Edw. Littleton, Mr. 'Morris: And all

that shall come shall have Voices: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon; and to consider of the Debates of the House, and of such further Proposals or Provisoes as shall be offered: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill against stealing of Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Edward Moseley Esquire to sell Lands, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir John Talbott,

Colonel Birch,

Sir Courtney Poole,

Mr. Morris,

1

for the Yeas, for the Noes,

52-

69.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ilarge the Time for Payment of the Money, and pre-nting the Forfeiture of the Estate: And it is referred Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. MSir Job Charlton, tr. Steward, or any Two of them, to prepare and bring a Bill, on the Behalf of Mr. Moseley.

Ordered, That such Witnesses, as are desired on the Behalf of the Merchants, be required to attend on Tuesday Morning next; to testify in the Matter upon their Complaint concerning Brandy: And that the Counterpart of the J’atent of the Farmers of Excise, of the 17 Years of his Majesty’s Reign, be then brought in by such Person as hath it in his Custody.

Ordered, That all such Bills, as were appointed to be read this Day, be read Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning Jurors; and of the Bill touching Prisoners; he heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bills, concerning Earn; and Dr. Wharton; and other ingrossed Bills; be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by ... . V91. IX, y

— 12° Martii. \37

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have'sent US' to acquaint you, King ap--that his Majesty is to be attended with both Houses, in to b* the Banqueting House at Whitehall, act Four of the Clock "ttei, ded' this Afternoon.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole II ouse, upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply. Wine Dutiei.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, That the said Committee had made a good Progress in the Bill for his Majesty's Supply; and moved, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That this House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Duty concerning Duty on Brandy, and the Hearing of the Merchants to their Peti- brandy, tien against the Farmers of Excise, appointed for Tomorrow’ Morning, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Committees, Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow in the Afternoon Two of the Clock, except the Committee to which the Bill concerning the City of London, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridian,

THE House being met, Mr. Speaker, with the House, The House went in a Body to attend his Majesty, in the Banquet attends the House at Whitehall, in pursuance of a Alessage sent KinS-from the Lords this Aiorning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Aiorning Eight a Clock.

© ©

Die Sabhaii, 12 Martii, 166'9. 22° Car. II.

P It A Y E It S.

ORDERED, That these Afembers following be Committee of added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Privileges. viz. Sir Wm. Beecher, Mr. WestphalingMr. Hale, Sir Thom. Monpesson, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Ed. Littleton.

A Petition on the Behalf of the Grocers w'as read. Grocers The Question being put, That Leave be given for Petition, bringing in a Bill on the Behalf of the Petitioners;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Robert Carr reports from the Committee to which Brandon, &c. the Bill for making the Rivers of Brandon and Waveney Navigation., navigable, in the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke, was committed, several Amendments to be made, by filling up the Blanks, adding Commissioners Names, and otherwise: Which were twice read; and, with some Alterations and Additions, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Proviso, ingrossed, upon the Debates of the House, for Passages and Bridges to be made on the Grounds adjoining to the Rivers, and for Satisfaction to such as shall be damnified thereby.

Thomas Gojeer reports from the Committee to which Regulating the Bill for providing able Jurors, was committed, some Juw*.

M m Amendments

138

12° — 140 Mar tit.

A. 1669*

Answer to Vote respecting Conventicles.

Amendments to be made, and Clauses to be added, to the bill: Which being read, and the Matter debated, in relation to several Particulars;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee, upon the Debates of the House; and to consider of such Motions and Proposals as shall be offered: And that all the Members that serve for the Comities of Wilts, Kent, Devon,

Yarn,/Yorcester, and Lancashccre, and all the Members oi the Long Robe; and ColonelSandi/s. Mr. Sir

Christopher Musgruvc, Mr. AlSir

Sir John Talbot, be added to the Committee: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Two of the Cluck this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Treasurer acquaints the House, that the Members of this House, of the Privy Council, had attended his Majesty, with the Vote and Desires of this House, for the speedy Suppressing of Conventicles in and near London and Westminster, and putting the Laws in Execution against Popish Recusants: Which was graciously accepted by his Majesty; who was pleased to declare, that effectual Course Should be taken in both.

Stockman’s &c. Nat.

Ordered, That the Bill for Naturalization be read the first Billon Monday Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Houghton's Bill be read the second Bill on Monday Morning.

Lee's Estate. Ordered, That Mr. Ls Bill be read the third Bill on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bills, appointed for this Day, be read next on Monday Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Justinian and Sir Thomas Crofts;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act concerning the disposing of a House and Land*. belonging to the Sisters and Coheirs of Margaret Strode: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed with you in the Bill concerning Sir Ralph Band:, without any Alteration.

tiaugli ton’s Estate.

Orders

deleted.

Stroke's

Estate.

Banck’s

Estate.

Supply Bill; tV me Duties.

T1 le House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, that the Committee had pro-

ceeded in the said Bill, and perfected it with several Amendments and Clauses: And that the Committee desired to know the Pleasure of the House, when they would appoint to receive the Report thereof.

Resolved, That this Report be made on Monday Morning next.

O

Talbott, Sir Nieho.Shining, Sir John Mr. Boiler, Sir William Lowlher, Sir 'Robert Cart, Sir 1 Allen, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thomas Gower, Mr. -King, Sir Robert Howard, Kir. Chi ‘twinSir Coventry,

Sir Solom. Swale, Colonel Sands, Mr. Montague, Sir Humphry fl ynch, Colonel Phi/lipps, Colonel Dr. Bur-

well, Sir Charles II heeler, Lord AngMr. Mr.

Culhjord, Sir Phillip Warwick, Mr. Johnson, Sir John Knight, Mr. Swinjen: And they are to meet at Two of the (dock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That both the Bills concerning the River Wey be read the First time Tomorrow Morning. Navigation.

A Bill for enabling Thomas Leigh Fsq; to sell Part of I sigh’« his I,ands, for Payment of his Debts, w as read the Second Estate, time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Westphaling, Sir Humphry H ynch, Mr. Geo.

Sir Gilbert Talbot, Colonel Philtipps, Mr. Spry, Colonel

Mtluard, Major General Longhorn, Sir

Mr. Rated pc.Sir John Burnaby, Mr. Darcy, Mr.

fen, Sir Solom. Swale, M r. Attorney Sir

Shining, Sir A001 rlCarr, Sir 1 ho. Smith, Mr. Sir

Tho. Tompkins, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr Sir Roger

Bradsheigh, Mr. Mori ce, Mr. Strickland, and all that

serve for the several Counties of Chester, Lancashire, Staffordshire, Shropshire, Derbyshire, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Bill against stealing Children, was read the Second Child-time. stealing-

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, on the Debates of the House, to Serj. Sir Rob. At-

kins, Sir Hump. Wyneh, Mr. Marvell, Sir Nieho. Shining, Sir If in.Lore!her, Sir J ho. Mompesson, Dr.

well, Sir Fran.Clarke, Lord Sir Tho. Allen,

Lord Punshaw, Colonel Whitley, Sir John Burnaby, Sir

Tho. Gower, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Roger

Sir Jonath.Trclaw>iy, Sir John Mr. Gar raw tty.

Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Charles llarbord. Sir Solom.

Swale, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Phi/liSir Gilbert 'Jatbot, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir John NoMr. Grcut/cild,

Sir John Knight, Sir Edw. 'Thar laSir Adam Browne,

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Talbot, Sir Rich.

Mr. Westphaling, Sir Tho. Doleman

Mr. Morice, Sir Wm.Lewis, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr.

Glascock, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Cu!liford, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mr. Steward,

Mr. Thomas, Mr. Whittaker, Mr. Sir I Cm.

Coventry, Col. Phillips, Sir Hen. Puckering, Sir John Earnley, Mr. Chtlxcyn, Mr. Swynf'en: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Aitemoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Politick

Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper Cocker-of the Great Seal of England of the Death of Robert ,noull) "nt< Scawen Esquire, who lately served as a Member of tins House for the Borough of in the County of

Cumberland’, desiring him that a Writ may issue forth, under the Great Seal, for a new Election of a Member, to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

And then the House adjourned till Monday 7 j rp, . T) - f vn t 1 r,

Mornin<r Ei<rht of the Clock Ordered, lhat the Report 01 the Bill ol jurors be Regulating

ft’ ft

Resolved, That the further Proceeding upon the Report from the Commissioners of Accounts concerning Prizes, appointed for AI aridity Morning next, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next: And that the Commissioners for Accounts have Notice hereof, and are desired then to attend.

heard the first Tomorrow Morning.

Jurors.

Die Lima, 14° Mart//,' 1669- 22° Car. II.

Ordered, That the Keport of the Bill of Mr. Davison Davison’s

be heard the second Business Tomorrow Morning.

lk, sui le.

Stockman’s

&c. Nat.

Pray f r s. Si reports from the Committee to Tillage am

\ BILL for Naturalization of Isaac Stockman, and which the Bill for Encouragement of Tillage, was com- Caule. others, was read the Second time. niitted, several Amendments agreed to be made to ilie

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Wil- Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question,

Ham Coventry, Lord Richardson, Mr. Spencer, Sir Gilbert severally agreed to.

24 A Debate

’l

c»‘

Iff'

U*

n Car. II. 14° — *5*

A Debate being as to the Rate upon Butter exported;

Resolved, &c. That the Rate upon the Exportation of Butter be reduced to One Shilling per Barrel.

Resolved, kc. That the Rate upon Cheese exported be a Noble upon an Hundred, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds.

Ordered, That a Proviso, ingrossed, by the Reporter, for reducing the Rates upon the Exportation of Butter and Cheese, according to these Votes.

A Proviso, touching a Rate to be set on Beer, was read and debated.

Another Proviso, touching a Rate to be set on Coals, was read and debated.

The Question being put, that this Proviso be read a Second time;

The House w as divided.

The Y eas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Carr, 1 for the Yeas 8-

Sir John Knight, j torthe Yeas’

Lord\ Richardson, 1 for N

Mr. I.oventry,

So it passed in the Negative.

Res '(red, kc. That it be referred to the Committee to w hom the Bill for Management of Tillage, was committed, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill, upon the Debate of the House, concerning the Exportation of Beer and Coal; And that Mr. Jollijfe be added to the Committee.

Mnsaa to Mr. Secretary Trevor acquaints the House, that he had expedite Command again from his Majesty to acquaint them, that Business. [jjs Majesty’s Intention was, that the Parliament Should rise before Easter; and that the publick Bills depending be dispatched against that Time.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this

Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

Cornand^alt AN ingrossed Bill for ascertaining the Measures of

Measures. £orn an£( Salt, was read.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for ascertaining the Measures of Com and Salt: And that Colonel Birch do carry it up to the Lords.

D,pjn(7 An ingrossed Bill for settling the Draining of the Fens lets. ° in Lincohies hire, called Deeping Fens, was read: And a Motion being made, and some Debate arising, touching a Proviso to be added to the Bill;

Resolved, kc. That the further Debate of the Matter be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Sir Robert Atkins reports from the Committee of the

Wait Duties, whole House, Amendments, Provisoes, and Clauses, agreed to be made and added to the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply: Which, being twice read, were, with some Alterations made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

And the said Sir Robert Atkins further reports the Opinion of the Committee, that one Year more be added in the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply; and his Majesty humbly desired therewith to recompense his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke for the Damage his Highness hath received, and shall receive, in his Revenue of Wine Licences, by this and the last Imposition.

Resolved, kc. That this House do agree in Opinion with the Committee.

Resolved, kc. That one Year more be added in the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply: '

Which was done; and the Bill accordingly amended.

!» Vol. IX.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Additions, be ingrossed.

Resolved, 'kc. That Mr. Speaker do, upon presenting of the Bill, humbly acquaint his Majesty with the Substance of the Vote and Desire of the House therein, to recompense his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke with the Year’s Addition to his Majesty’s Supply, for the Damage his Highness hath received, and shall receive, in his Revenue of Wine Licences, by this and the last Imposition.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for Yarmouth Pier, is committed; Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Mr.

Dawdeswell, Mr. Danyell, Mr. Jones, Sir

Sir Win. Thompson, Mr. Spry, Mr. Jollijje, Mr. Clarke.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mariis, 15° die , 1669-Prayers.

INformation being given of a Breach of Privilege, committed by one John Slone, an Attorney, against the Lord Ancram,a Member of this House; and contemp-

tous Words by him spoken against the House;

Ordered, That the said John Stone be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answ er his Breach of Privilege.

Sir Robert Carr reports from the Committee, to which the Bill to enable Mr. Davison to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Children, was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of William Clifton, and

others, Vintners, in and about the City of London, w as read.

Resolved, kc. That this Petition be referred to the Committee, to which it was referred to inspect the Act for an Imposition on Wines; and to see wherein it was defective; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Bennett, a Member of this House, being tendered and read; complaining of Abuses in the Collectors of the Money for the indigent loyal Officers, and retarding the Account thereof;

Ordered, That the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament, to take the Account of the Monies to be distributed amongst the indigent loyal Officers, be desired to meet on Friday next; at which time ‘iw John Bennett is to attend them: And they are desired to examine the Matter of the Petition, and where the Obstruction lies, that the Accounts are retarded; and to report the State of the Matter to the House, with their Opinions therein.

A Bill concerning the Settling the Navigation of the River Wcy, w as read.

Another Bill concerning the same Matter was read. Ordered, That these Bills be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Ames Gen till, born in the Kingdom of

France, be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for regulating and well making of Brandy; and for making Provision in all the other Matters and Instructions contained in the order ot Reference to the Committee concerning that Matter: And it is recommended to Sir Robert Howard to take care of it.

Ordered,

Yarmouth

Pier.

Privilege.

Davison’s

Estate.

Wine Duties.

Relief of

indigent

Officers.

Wey Navigation.

Gent ill’s Nat.

Supply Bill; Duty on Brandy.

140

150 — 16 0 Mdrtii. 1669.

Prettyman’s Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for making Sale of Debt to the par(; 0j- the Lands of Sir John Pretty man, for Satisfaction Crown. Qf a £>ebt due to his Majesty.

St. Alban, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, on Minister's the behalf of the Town of St. Alban, for raising Main-na^'"te' tenance for a Minister.

Bills to be Ordered, That the ingrossed Bills be read To-moiTow road. Morning.

Bishop of

Rochester's

Charities.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Cocll and Mr. Halsey;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills; the one intituled, An Act for settling certain charitable Uses, devised by John late Bisiiop of Rochester; Lord Strang- and the other, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees ford’s Estate, for the Lord Viscount of the Kingdom of

Ireland, to sell certain Lands, for the Payment of the Remainder of his Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Storkman’s, &c. Nat.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for Naturalizing of Isaac Stockman, and others, is committed; Sir Musgrave, Sir Hugh BethellSir Thailand,

William Stockdale Esquire, Sir John Sir John

Hotham, Sir Jordan Croslaud, Christopher Musgrave

Esquire, Wm. Montague Esquire.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Heath’s the Committee to which Sir John Ilcath'-s Petition, is com- ,>ttlUon*

niitted; Sir Win. Windham, Mr. Daniel I, Mr.

Sir Robert Car, Sir Nicho. Slaning, Sir John Radon, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Robert Howard, \ Hunger-

ford, Mr. Spry, Sir BainhamThrockmorton, Sir Richard

Malaverer, Sir John Cory ton, Sir Adam Browne, Serjeant

Maynard, Mr. Seymor, Major Clarke, Mr. Herbert, Sir Thom. Haunter.

Mr. Mountagucreports From the Committee to which

the Bill to enable Mr. Leigh to sell Lands, to pay Estate. Debts, . that the Committee had perused the Bill, and found no Defect in it; and had returned it without Amendment.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Wm. Coventry reports from the Committee to Stockman'* which the BillforNaturalizing Isaac Stockman, and others, &c. Nat. was committed, that the Committee lnul perused the Bill, and the Certificates of the several Persons; and had returned the Bill to the House without Amendment.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Names of Skelton,

Francis Hammond, and Oliver Dumont; w ho were sw orn, and their Certificates produced in the House; be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill be ingrossed.

Duty on Some Proposals being made in the House, for putting

Brandy. an End to the Controversy touching the Duty on Brandy; and a Debate being thereupon had;

Resolved, Sec. That the further Debate of the Matters touching Brandy be adjourned till Friday Morning.

Regulating Sir Thomas Gower reports from the Committee to Jurors' which the Bill concerning Jurors, was committed, several Amendments to be made, and Clauses and Provisoes to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And some Debate being thereupon;

Resolved, That the lurther Consideration of the Bill concerning Jurors, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Falmouth Ordered, That the Report of the Amendments of the Ke>’* Bill concerning Falmouth Key, be made on Thursday

Morning next, the first Business.

Deeping Fen. Ordered, That the Debate upon the ingrossed Bill

concerning Deeping Fen, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That these Members following be added to of Privileges, the Committee for Elections and Privileges; Sir Phillip Musgrave, Sir John Hotham, Sir Croslaud,

Stockdale Esquire, Sir John Ernley, Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Edw. Thurland, Christopher Musgrave Esquire, Wm. Mountague Esquire.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Mercurii, 16* 1669-

Prater s.

T>Evill Skelton, Francis and Oliver Dumont,

did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Child- Mr. Serjeant Mainard reports from the Committee to

stealing. which the Bill against stealing and transporting Children, was committed, some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Information being given, that a Judgment being had Privilege, at Law against Anthony Scarlett, the menial Servant of Mr. JFright, a Member of this House, during the Session of Parliament, at the Suit of Thomas Cocks, Doctor in Physick, who threatens to take him in Execution;

Ordered, That all further Proceedings at Law, against the said Anthony Scarlett, be stayed during this Session of Parliament.

for the Yeas, for the Noes,

H.3-

67.

Sir Thomas Clargis reports from the Committee to Repairing which the Bill for Repair of Highways, was committed, Highway*, several Amendments, Additions, and Provisoes, agreed to be made to the Bill: Which were twice read.

Upon Debate of the Clause concerning the Number and Manner of Horses to be used in Carriages;

The Question being put. That Liberty be given to draw with Live Horses at Length;

The House divided.

The Yeas w ent forth.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Gower,

Sir Roger Bradsheigh,|

Sir John Cory ton, j

Poole, f

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Proviso for continuing some Clauses in the former Bill, being tw ice read, was, upon the Question, laid aside.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause, upon the Debate, for the raising of Money where there is a Necessity; not to he continued for above three Years.

The Clause concerning the Repair of Bridges, in the County of Lancaster and Chester, being tw ice read, w as, upon the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That Leave he given for the bringing in of a Clause for Repair of Bridges in Monmouthshire.

A Clause concerning the Choice of Surveyors of the Highways was twice read; and debated.

Resolved, Sic. That an ingrossed Clause brought in, upon the Debate, in lieu thereof.

The rest of the Amendments w ere, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

’ Resolved, See. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Commit'*, the Committee of Elections and Privileges; Sir Robert of Privilege*. Holt, Sir Rich. Malcverar, Colonel Mr. Phil-

lipp Howard, Sir Thomas

The

Supply Bill; Wine Duties.

Committees.

Carey’s, &c. Nat.

Bills to be read.

Deeping

Fenues.

Burning Com ud Hay Stacks, &c

Shadwell

Church.

Falmouth

Committee for Journals,

Publick

Accounts.

t* Gar. II 16" —

The Bill for his Majesty’s Supply was this Day read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for his Majesty’s Supply: And that Sir Robert Atkins do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except the Committee to whom the City Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight of |he Clock.

Jovis, 17° die M 1669-

Prayers.

MRS. Mary Carey, SamueSheapheard, and

Ahrens, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization: And their Certificates of receiving the Sacrament were produced, perused, and allowed in the House.

Ordered, That the N ames of Mrs. Mary Carey, Samuell Sheppard, and Statz Ahrens, be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

Resolved, 8cc. That the House do sit this Afternoon for the Reading of the ingrossed Bills.

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate, upon the Bill for settling the Draining of the Fens in colneshire, called Deeping Fames.

And the Proviso, brought in to be added to the Bill, being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Proviso agreed, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Settling the Draining of the Fens in Lcalled Deeping Fenns.

Sir Jo.Brampston reports frorn the Committee, to which the Bill to prevent burning Stacks of Corn, and maiming Cattle, was committed, several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, with some Alterations made at the Table, agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. C'rmvch reports from the Committee to which the Bill for making the Precincts of in Middlesex,

a distinct Parish from Stepney, several Amendments to be made, and Provisoes to be added to the Bill: Which were twice read: And one of the Provisoes, concerning the Collecting the Church Duties, being rejected; and the Allowance for the Minister agreed to be increased from ioo/. per Am. to 120/.; and another Proviso for inlarging the Parish being tw'ice read; and, on the Question, agreed;

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments, and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

Col. Spry reports from the Committee to which the Bill for explaining a former Act, and erecting a Key within the Harbour of Falmouth, was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Humphry Wynch, Mr.

and Sir John Birkenhead, be added to the Committee tp inspect the Journals of this House.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the Matter concerning the publick Accounts.

And the Commissioners of Accounts being called in; and the Report being read as to the Twenty-one Ships, and Goods therein, not cleared, in the Port of Dover, and the Districts thereof, where Sir Thomas Peyton, CoL Vox. IX.

of Martii. 141

Strode, Sir Edw. Massey, and Sir Francis Cforfc, Knights, were Commissioners for- Prizes;

And Counsel being allowed, and called in, and beard at the Bar, to make Defence on their Behalf; and the Instructions of the principal Commissioners for Prizes, and some Letters from them to the Commissioners, for Dover, and other Letters, of theirs to the principal Commissioners, were read, and the Matter fuUy heard at the Bar.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Mr. Halsey,'

Mr! Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Dame Elizabeth Mother apd Executrix of the last Will and Testament of Dorothy Farewell, Widow, deceased, late the Relict and

Executrix of John Farewell, late of the Inner T^cmple, London, Esquire, to sell certain Lands for the Payment of Debts.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That the Report of the Bill of the City of London, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Brandy, directed by Order of the House, be brought in, and read in the House Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Lands of Sir John Pret-tyman, for Satisfaction of a Debt due to his Majesty, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Trustees for the Lord Viscount StrangJ’ord, of the Kingdom of Ireland, to sell certain Lands, for the Payment of the Remainder of his Debts, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning the Disposing of a House and Lands, belonging to the Sisters and Coheirs of Margarett Strode, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Henry and Jane Perkins to insure to Dr. Wharton Lands purchased in the County Palatine of Durham, w’as read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act, to enable and Jane Pe7'kins to

insure to Dr. Wharton Lands purchased in the County Palatine of Durham.

An ingrossed Bill for the Naturalization of Captain Christopher Gunman, and others, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Naturalization of Captain Christopher Gunman and others.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Davison to sell Lands to pay Debts, and provide for younger Children, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Davison to sell Lands to pay Debts, and provide for younger Children.

An ingrossed Bill for Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle.

An ingrossed Bill for making navigably the Rivers of Brandon and Waveney, was read.

N n Resolved,

Lady Routh’a Estate.

Rebuilding

London.

Supply Bill; Duty on Brandy.

Pretty man’s Debt to the Crown.

Lord

Strangford’s

Estate.

Strode’*

Estate,

Wharton’f

Estate.

Gunman’* &c. Nat.

Davison's

Estate.

Tillage and Cattle.

Brandon, &c. Navigation.

142

17° — 18° Martii.

A.

1669.

Dean of St. Paul's House.

Burning Corn and Hay Stacks, &c.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making navigable the Rivers of Brandon and Wavney.

An ingrossed Bill for the building of a Mansion House for the Dean of St. Paul’s Church London, was read.

Resolved, Scc.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the building of a Mansion House for the Dean of St. Paul's Church London.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the malicious burning of Houses, Stacks of Com and Hay, and killing or maiming of Cattle, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the malicious burning of Houses, Stacks of Com and Hay, and killing or maiming of Cattle.

Proviso, on the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went out.

Tellers,

Sir John Mullet,

Mr. Herbert,

Sir Solo. Swale,

Sir Gilb. Talbott,

And it was resolved in the Affirmative, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act against transporting English Subjects Prisoners into Parts beyond the Seas.

Ordered, That the Bill of Highways, be read To- Repairing morrow Morning. Highways.

j- For the Yeas, 100. For the Noes, 99.

Shadwell

Church.

An ingrossed Bill for the Endowment of a Church at Shadxoell, now in the Parish of Stepney in Middlesex, and making of it Parochial, distinct from Stepney, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And the Title be, An Act for Endowment of a Church at Shadwell, now in the Parish of Stepney in Middlesex, and making of it Parochial, distinct from Stepney.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, See. That the Business touching Brandy, be Duty on adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock; Brandy, nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That it be referred to any Three of the Com- Popish mittee for the Bill appointed against Popish Recusants, Recusants-to prepare and bring in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Die Veneris, 18° Martii, 1669.

Post Meridiem.

Prayers.

Rebuilding RDERED, That the House do sit this Afternoon, London. VJ pUrp0sely to hear the Report of the Bill for rebuilding the City of London; and no other Business to be taken up, or proceeded in.

Lady Routh’s Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, Estate. concerning Dame Elizabeth Routh, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Newington

Barrow

Manor.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Manor of Nar-ington Barrow, be read Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Wey Ordered, That the two Bills concerning the River IVey,

Navigation, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Mr. Halsey;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have returned you a Bill, intituled, An Act Cloth-for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from such as steal steailnS' Cloth from the Rack, and from such as shall steal or imbezzle his Majesty’s Ammunition and Stores; with an Amendment, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And have also sent you down another Bill, intituled, Lady An Act for settling Part of the Estate of Dame Susan Be-lasysse, Widow', late Wife of Sir Hen. Bellasysse deceased: s le‘

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And have commanded us to acquaint you, that they Lady Lee’s have agreed to the Bill on the Behalf of the Lady Lee, Estate* without any Amendment.

ChiM- An ingrossed Bill to prevent Stealing and Transporting

stealing. Children, and other Persons, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent Stealing and Transporting Children, and other Persons.

Falmouth An ingrossed Bill for the Explanation of a former Act Key. made in this present Parliament, and for the making of a

Key at Falmouth, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Explanation of an Act made in this present Parliament, intituled, an Act for the making of the Church erected a Falmouth a Parish Church, and no Part of the Parish of G/wiwworChapelry of St. Budock.

Regulating The House then resumed the Consideration of the Jurors. Report of the Bill concerning Jurors:

And the Matter being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be re-committed, upon the Debate of the House, to the former Committee.

Supply Bill; A Bill for regulating the making of Brandy, and pro-Duty on hibiting the Importation of it, was read.

Brandy. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read To -morrow

Morning.

Illegal Im- An ingrossed Bill against transporting English Subjects prisonment. Prisoners into Parts beyond the Seas, was read; and a

25

Mr. Stewardereports from the Committee to which Rebuilding

the Bill for rebuilding the City of London, was committed, Loildon> several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made, and divers Clauses and Provisoes to be added, and made Part of the Bill: Which he read with tire Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the several Amendments (except the Amendment to the twenty-third Line of the fifth Folio, which was postponed) preceding the Amendment to the twenty-first Line of tire seventeenth Folio, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to: And the Clause to be added in that Place being twice read;

Resolved, &c. That these Words, " whereof the Lord " Mayor to be one," be struck out of the said Clause in the two Places where it stands: Which was done; and the Clause with this, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Paragraph and Clauses to be added in the last Leaf w'ere twice read:

And the Clause which does impower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, and Barons of the Exchequer, to impose the Rates of Wharfage, being debated, upon a Motion and Claim of Right made on the Behalf of Sir Anthony Cope; who desired to be heard by his Counsel; and the Clause thereupon postponed;

Resolved, That Sir Anthony Cope, and all other Members that desire to be heard to the Point of setting Rates on Wharfage, or any other Part of the Bill, be heard by Counsel Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Resolved,

CD

It,

Q

>C;.

VjKi

e.

Lee'i

c.

ildilj

iOQ-

22 Car II. i8° — 198 — 3i 0 Marti*45

Resolved, &c. That the House will, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, proceed in the further Consideration of the Report of the City Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight of the Clock.

Die Sabbati, 19* Martii, 1669-

Pirates. A BILL to prevent the Delivery up of English Ships il to Pirates, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday.

Royal Aid. A Bill for the Recovery of Money assessed upon Officers, and due to his Majesty upon the Act of Royal Aid, was read,

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leigh’* An ingrossed Bill for enabling Tho. Leigh Esquire to

Estate. sell Part of his Lands for Payment of Debts, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Leigh Esquire to sell Part of his Lands for Payment of Debts: And that Sir Fowke Lucy do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Repairing Ordered, That the Bill for repairing Highways, be read

Highways, on Monday Morning.

Prettynan’j A Bill for Sale of some of the Lands of Sir John

Debt t« the tyman, to satisfy a Debt due to his Majesty, was read the

Crwo- Second time.

A Proviso on the Behalf of Sir Heath and his Lady (in whose Right he claims) was also twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill and Proviso be committed to Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Mallett,

bot, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Hobby, Sir Edward Mansfeild, Sir Robert Howard, Sir James Thyn, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Spry, Col. fyirby, Sir Jo.Knight, Mr. Sir Court.

Poole, Mr. Culleford, Sir IVm. Coventry, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Bainton, Sir Jo. Talbot, Mr. Mr. Lucy,

Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Buscawcn, Mr. Sir Allen

Apsley, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Ed. Seymor, Sir Sir Robert Car, Mr. Chomely, Mr. Sir Allen Bro-

derick, Sir Wm. Lewis, Sir Ed. Sir Boyle, Mr. Daniell: And they are to meet in the Speaker’s Chamber on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, and to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. The House being informed, that Sir

a Member of this House, was concerned in point of Title and Interest to the Manor of Loddington, and Lands mentioned in the Bill; and it being desired, that he may have time to send into the Country for his Writings; and to be heard by Counsel at the Bar of the House;

Ordered, That the Matter concerning the Interest and Claim of Sir Edw. Hungerford to the Manor of Loddington, and Lands mentioned in the Bill against Sir John Prettynum, for Satisfaction of a Debt due to his Majesty, be heard at the Bar of this House on Monday Sevennight next.

Doty od The House then resumed the Consideration of the

Brandy, Matters in Difference between the Farmers of Excise, Merchant Importers, and Distillers, concerning Brandy.

And the Parties, with their Counsel, wrere called in to the Bar of the House: And the Patent, and Counterpart of the Farmers Patent, and several Papers and Writings being read, and Witnesses examined, and Counsel on all Sides fully heard;

Resolved, &c. The Bill for regulating and true making of Brandy, and prohibiting the Importation of it, be read on Monday Morning.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Matter in Difference touching Brandy be adjourned till Monday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Five of the Clock. Vox.. IX.

Post Meridiem.

AN Act for settling Part of the Estate of Dame Belasysse, Widow, late Wife of Sir Henry Belasysse, deceased, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Lord Viscount Strangford, of the Kingdom of Ireland, to sell certain Lands for the Payment of the Remainder of his Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Lord Buckhurst, Mr. Tanner, Sir Tho. Mceres, Sir ley, Mr. Crawch, Sir Jonalh. Trelawny, Mr. Steward, Sir Tho. Hammer, Mr. Vaughan, Col. Sir Tho. Gower,

Sir Tho. Clargis, Sir Cha. H Sir Tho. Woodcock, Mr. Westphaling, S\vGco.Reeves, Mr Mr. Tre-

lawny, Mr. Waller, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Williamson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Neale, Mr. Stanley, Sir Birkenhead, Lord Anglers, Mr. Morice,> Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir i'retz. Hollis, Mr. Russell, Mr. Spry, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Price, Col. Sir Mallett,

Sir Rich. Maleverer, Col. Windham, Sir Herbert Price, Sir Ralph Banks, Sir Fran. Clarke; and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet on Monday next, at l wo of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then proceeded in the Report of the Bill for rebuilding the City of London.

And some other of the Provisoes being twice read, and, upon the Question, agreed to;

The House then resumed the Matter upon the Clause postponed, touching the setting the Rates of Wharfage above Bridge: Which, in the Determination of it, having relation to another Paragraph in the Body of the Bill, as to the setting the Rate of Wharfage below Bridge, in which the Interest of Sir Anthony Cope, a Member, and others, are concerned;

Whose Counsel being called in; and they, and other Parties concerned, heard; and the Matter fully debated

The Question being put, That his Majesty in Council shall set the Rates of Wharfage above Bridge;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question . put, That the Paragraph in the Bill, as to the setting the Rates of Wharfage, shall stand as it is;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That his Majesty in Council shall set the Rates of Wharfage below Bridge.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Chairman of the Committee to amend the Paragraph in the Bill, and the Clause brought in from the Committee, according to these Votes.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report of the City Bill be adjourned till Monday.

Ordered, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning the Manor of Firbeck, be read on Monday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 21° die Martii, 1669-

Prayers.

ORDERED, That another Bill be brought in to enable his Majesty to make Leases of his Duchy Lands in Cornwall: And it is referred to Mr. Spry, Sir Trelawney, and Mr. Buller, to bring in the Bill; and to inquire after the Loss of the former Bill.

A Bill

Lady

Belasysse’*

Estate.

Lord

Strangford’*

Estate.

Rebuilding

London.

Firbeck

Manor.

Duchy of Cornwall Leasing.

4i° — 12° Martii.

144

Firbeck A Bill, sent from the Lords, for Sale of the Manor of

Manor. Firbeck, in the County of Yorke, for Payment of Debts, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bill* Estate. , A Bill sent from the Lords, tp enable John Bill Esquire to sell certain Lands in Kent and Surrey, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bishop of A Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling the charitable

Rochester’s Uses of the late Bishop of Rochester, was read.

Charities. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Beckham’s A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Richard Beckham,

Estate. and others, to sell Lands, to pay his Father’s Dehts, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege. Two Petitions being tendered, against Sir John Pretty-

man; one from Dame Theodosia Pretty man; and the other from Elizabeth Hu

Ordered, That the Petitions be read Tomorrow Morning; and that Sir John Prettyman have notice to attend then.

Popish Ordered, That the Bill against Papists be brought in

Recusants. Tomorrow Morning.

Highways. The Question being put, That the Bill for Highways be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Committee to the Committee of Elections: Lord, Mr: Crou ch, of Elections.

Sir Cha. Cotterell, Lord Jo. Seamour, Mr. Hobby, Coll Gray, Mr. Ttifton, Mr. Collingmod, Mr.

Mr. RusseU.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 22’ die Mar, 1669.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for Sale of Firbeck the Manor of Firbeck in the County of Yorke, for Manor* Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Lan.

Lake, Mr. Lovelace, Mr. Seymour, Col. Sands, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Greenvile, Mr. Mr. Hide,

Mr. Cholmley, Lord AUington, Sir Gower, Sir fV Coventry, Mr. Dalmahoy, Sir Tho. Doleman, Mr. Steward,

Sir John Talbot, Sir Clifford Cliff ton, Sir Stephen Fox, Lord Ancram, Sir John Heath, Mr. Crowch, Sir Jeoffry Sha-kerly, Sir Jordan Croslaud, Lord Richardson, Mr.

Mr. Buller, and all the Members that serve for the County of Yorke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply Bill; The Bill for regulating and well-making, and to prevent Duty on the Importation of Brandy, was read the Second time, ran y. And several Motions being made, and the Matters

debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir Robert Howard, Mr.

fen, Col. Strode, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir IVm. Coventry, Colonel Birch, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Steu'ard, Col. Reamcs, Mr. Spry, Sir John Heath, Col. Kirby, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Tho. Gower,

Sir Walt. Young, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Colonel Phillipps, Sir IVm. Doylcy, Sir Reeve, Sir

Anth. Cope, Mr. Jollffe, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Norton KnatchboSir Tho. Sir Tho.

J/eeres, Sir Jonath. TrelaMr. Churchill, Sir

Brampston, Lord Fans/'new, Mr. Tanner, Sir Tho. Spencer, Sir Solo. Swale, Serj. Maynard, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Cholmely, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. King, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thomas Doleman, Mr. Spencer, Sir Winston Churchill, Col. Windham, Mr. Crowch, Sir Tho. Higgon, Alderman Love, Sir Nicho. Slaning, Mr. Williamson, Sir Fretz. Hollis, Mr Sir Robert Bar nc-

ham. Sir Tho. Lee, Lord Buckhurst, Mr. Henry Vernon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Buscawen, Lord Richardson, Mr. Prideaux, Sir John Coventry: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Duty on The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter Brandy. in Difference between the Farmers of Excise, Merchant Importers, and Distillers, touching Brandy; and whether it ought to pay Four Pence or Eight Pence per Gallon Excise.

Resolved, &c. That Brandy ought to have paid Eight Pence per Gallon.

Resolved, &c. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to this Vote.

Rebuilding Ordered, That the House proceed in the Amendments London. to the Bill for rebuilding the City of London, To-moirpw Morning at Nine of the Clock; -nothing to intervene.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon be adjourned till Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tiens do sit this Afternoon, to hear the Cause between of Privileges, the Lord Clifford and Mr. Ferrers, touching the Election for the Town of Tamworth: And that these Members following he added to the Committee; Mr. Bridgeman,

Sir Jordan Croslaud, Mr. Merrill, Mr. Mr

Mr. Aldzeorth, Mr. Ash, Sir James Mr. Morice,

Sir Steph. Fox, Mr. Somerset Fox, Col. Gray, Sir Coventry, Mr. May.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling Lady Part of the Estate of Dame Susan Belasy.se, late Wife of Belasyse’*

Sir Henry Belasyse, deceased, was read the Second time. Estate.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Tulbot, Sir James Thyn, Sir Tho. Doleman, Mr. Lovelace,

Sir Robert Car, Mr. Seamour, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir

Stephen Fox, Lord Ancram, Lord AngSir Ralph Hare,

Sir Lan. Lake, Sir 7 'ho.Meeres, Mr. Col. Sands,

Sir Court. Poole, Mr. Greenvile, Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Heath, Mr. Crouch, Sir Geoffry Shaker/y, Sir Jordan Croslaud, Lord Richardson, Mr. Hobby, M r. Buller,

Mr. Hide, Mr. Cholmcley, Lord AUington, Sir Gower,

Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Dalmahoy, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Yorke and And'

they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Lady Routh’» Dame Elizabeth Routh, to sell Lands for Payment of Estate. Dehts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Doleman, Sir Tho. Gower, Mr. Seamour, Mr. Wyn, Sir Peter Prideaux, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Hatton, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Wm. Thompson, Mr. Hobby, Lord Angier, Lord Ancram, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Ra. Hare, Sir Walt.Young, Sir Hum. Wynch, Mr. Evelyn, Lord Al-lington, Mr. I.ovelace, Mr. Maynard, Sir James Thyn,

Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Jo.Cory ton, Mr. Mountage, Sir

Jo. Fagg, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Lucy, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Pleydall Col. Phillipps, Sir Jo.

Cotton, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Morice, Mr. Fagg, Mr.

Ducket, Mr. Glascock, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Packer, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Roberts, and all that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, and Hertford: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill

22 Car.; II.

'22°-^-23

Koval Aid.

Bills

postponed.

Rebuilding

London.

Repairing

Churches.

A Bill for better Recovery of the Arrears of the Royal Aid-money assessed upon Officers, was read a Second time.

Resolved' &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Cour. Poole, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir 77*0. Allen, Sir Ctfrr, Mr. Seymour, Sir Jo. Talbot, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir *Sb/o. Swale, Mr. Steward, SirClia. Wheeler, Mr Marvell, Sir Win. Lewis, Sir Jo.

*45

.Mr. Tanner reports from the Committee to which the Bill to enable the Lord Viscount Strang fiord of the Kingdom of Ireland, to sell Lands for Payment of the Remainder of his Debts, was committed, certain Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which were twice read; and, with some Alteration at the Table, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments

Lord

Strangford’ft

Estate.

Northcot, Colonel Phillipps, Mr. Williams, Sir Jo. New- agreed to, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

ton, Mr. Crowch, Sir Jo. Rennet, Sir Jonalh.Trelawny,

Rtcuhiting

Jurors.

Stride’s

Estate.

Ashley’s

Estate.

Goth-

stealing.

Sir James Thyn, Mr. Whittacre, Sir Sir Phill. Musgrave, Secretary Trevor, Colonel Kirby,

Sir Phill.Warwick: And they are to meet To-inorrow at

Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to provide, that no Offices be made liable to the Payment of the Duty, but such as shall be enumerated in the Bill; and to consider what Money assessed upon Offices is in Arrear to the indigent loyal Officers.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill of Jurors be heard Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill sent from the Lords, for the disposing of a House and Lands belonging to the Sisters and Coheirs of Margaret Strode, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Stc. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Talbot, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Hide, Colonel Strode, Sir Rob.

Carr, Sir Jo. Rennet, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Jo.

Mr. Chetwyn, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Phill. Warwick, Mr.

Seamour, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Wheeler, Mr. Daniell, Sir Roger Bradsheigh, Sir Jor.Croslaud, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Colonel Pkillipps, Mr. Williams, Sir Newton, Sir Cour.Poole: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That such Bills as were appointed to be read This Day, be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House did then proceed to the Reading of the rest of the Clauses and Provisoes reported, delivered, and tendered, to be added to the Bill for rebuilding the City o {London: Some of which being, upon the Question, rejected; the rest being twice read, with some Alterations jnade thereto at the Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the several Amendments and Provisoes, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Proviso for providing Burying Places within the City; and for enlarging the Time now limited for building, to prevent the Forfeiture of Estates.

Bilf* Estate.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable John Bill, Esquire, to sell certain Lands in Kent and Surrey, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Lord Richardson, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Rob. Atkins, Mr. Greenvile, Sir -Jo. Knight, Mr. Merrill, Lord Allington, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Talbot, Sir

Jeofjry Shakerly, Sir Lane.Lake, Sir John Ernely, Sir John Loxvther, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Sir Denny

Ashburnham, Sir Tho. Allen, and all the Members that serve for London, Westminster, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee touching Yarmouth Pier Yarmouth Bill, and all other Committees which are discontinued, P»«r, &c. be revived; and do meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Beckham’s

Estate.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Mr. Beckham to sell Lands to pay Debts, w as read the Second time:

And the Bill having passed this House in a former Session; and no Exception being now taken to it;

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Gower reports from the Committee to Regulating which the Bill concerning Jurors was committed, some Jurors. Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: W hich were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and the Bill ordered to be ingrossed.

A Bill for the exporting Beer and Coal was read. Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for settling the Rates of Excise on Brandy was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Exporting' Beer, See.

Duty on Brandy.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for rebuilding Churches was committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Martii, 1669*

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Anthony Ashley Esquire, Son of the Lord Ashley, to levy Fines, and suffer Recoveries of certain Lands or Hereditaments, being under Age, was read.

Resolved, Stc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from such as shall steal Cloth from the Rack; and from such as shall steal or inibezzle his Majesty’s Ammunition and Stores.

Resolved, &c. That the Amendments be agreed to; and that the Bill be amended accordingly; and returned to the Lords.

Vol.IX.

The ingrossed Bill for the better Repair of Highways Repairing and Bridges, was read: And some Amendments, upon Highways, the Question, agreed, and made thereto at the Table;

A Proviso, for Penalties on such as shall foil in Performance of the Act, was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Proviso, ingrossed, for settling a Rate for Repair of Highways, was thrice read: And some Amendments, upon the Question, agreed, and made thereto at the Table;

The Proviso, with the Amendments, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Proviso, for the Time of chusing Officers, was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Proviso, for the County of Monmouth, was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Proviso, for the County of Devon, and other Places, was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; for making Provision where Carts cannot be used.

Another Proviso, for Penalties on such as are Defaulters, was tendered, and read:

The Questiou being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Proviso was read a Scond time; and the Blanks in it agreed to be filled up with the Penalties of One Shilling O o Sixpence

Rebuilding

London.

Strode*

Estate.

Fees in Outrports.

14

2 30 — 24° — 26°

A. 1670.

Sixpence.for the Labourer; Three Shillings for the Man and Horae; and Ten Shillings lor the Cart.

The Question being put, That the Declaratory Part, at the End of the Proviso, be omitted;

It was Resolvedjn the Affirmative:

And the Proviso amended accordingly.

Resolved, &c.-That, the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed, to, dp pass:; And that the Title be, An additional Act for die better Repairing of Highways and

Bridges.:... .(> ....

And Sir Thomas^ Clej'gis is to carry up the Bill to the Lords; and to see the Provisoes rightly placed and inserted in the Bill.

Qrdpred, That the , City Bill be read the first thing Tomorrow Morning; and nothing else to intervene.

’ --- ' ' k

Ordered, That, all the Members of this House, of the

tong Robe, be added to the Committee to which the

Bill, concerning the Sisters anti Coheirs of Margaret

Strode, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John'io and Sir Thomas Littleton be added to the Committee for settling the Custom House Fees in the Out Ports.

The Question Belrig put, That the House do sit To- Motion for

- , House to sit

morrow, Tomorrow.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to strode’* the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Sisters Estate, and C.oheirs of Dame Margaret Strode, was committed;

Lord Cornejiury, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir G Talbot, Colonel Leggy Mr. Spencer, Sir Hen.Herbert, Colonel Russell,

Sir Gcajpiy Shakerly, Mr. Arlakendon, Sir Charles bord, Sir Henry Vernon, Mr. Hen, Sir Ernly, Sir Robert Holt, Sir TVm. Sir Hen.

Newton, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Mr. Waller.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Sale Pretty loan’s of Part of the Lands of Sir John P to satisfy a Del* to th* Debt due to the King, be revived; and do sit this After- <"roVFU’ noon: And that Sir Tho, Dolevian, and Sir John Birken-

head, and Mr. Steward, be added to die Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Jo. Earnly, Sir Hickman, Yarmouth

Mr. Daniell, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Milliard, be added Pier-to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Yarmouth Pier is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Denny'Ashburtihdmand Mr. Progers Commute*

be added to the Committee of Elections. o{ Elections.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow" Morning, Eight of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock, on Saturday AI orbing.

Arrear of Taxes,

Jovis, 24" die Martii, 1669-

y 1 1. ’

PRAYW; ....

flRDERED,.That.. the . Comici.ttee to whom the Bill touching Arrear of Taxes due from Offices, \yas committed, be revived; and do sit this Atternoon: And Sir Charles-Harbord,tSir JVm. Doyley, Mr Mr.

Greenvile, Sir Tho.^ Wendy, and Sir Francis Clarke, be added to the Committee.

Sabbati, 26" die Mar, 1670. Praters.

ABILL for explaining a former Act, and ascertain- Duty on ing the Imposition on Brandy, was read the Second bianUy.

time.

Regulating

Jurors.

Tamworth

Election.

Rebuilding

London.

Bill

Resolve That the Bill be committed to' Colonel Birch, Sir Knight, Sir Sir Emley,

Sir John Talbot, Mr. Hide, Sir Rob. Carr, Col.

Sir Edw. Seamour, Serjeant Si Wm: Doyley?Sir

n , J rn «... rj* :'V'V. K ‘ Fretz. HotlMr. 'King,

Ordered, That the Bill of Jurors be read after the City Sir John H

Mr. Wren, Sir Sir ‘ Lan. Lake, Air.

j, J'Jfrn? ;>r*' r:-,‘ ‘ Tanner, Sir Mr.

Ordered, That Ih® Report of the Matter concerning Colonel Titus, Sit Edm. Pooley, Sir Thomas Mn

ttie Election for the Town of Tamworth, be made on Buscaraen, Sir Coventry, Mr. Hobby, Air.

Saturday, at Ten of the Clock. Sir Ed. Sir Mr.

..... Air. Buller, Mr. Solicitor General,

I-iie.additional Bril? mgrossed, for rebuilding the City Mc Allen find all that serve for the Comities of

of London, uniting of Parishes, and rebuilding the Ca- Devon and And all that shall come ate to

thedral ftnd. Paxo^ljiaf. Churches, was read. Tiave Voices: Andtliey are to meet at Two of the Clock

Resolved, That the Blank in the Bill be filled up with this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send " Ten Pounds;’ for Persons, Papers, and Records.

, Vjuch was done,

., Resolved*, That these, A^ords, .". Houses of Office,

Tunnels, Draughts, and other Easements," be inserted into the Rill.

..Wlpch. wqs, done.

A Proviso,.on, the Rejialf of Sir Jeremy Wfiitchcott,

touching the Prison of the Fleet, was tendered; and, upon the Question, rejected, (i; . ... ,.

A Proviso, for enlarging the Time of Rebuilding, to

prevent Forfeiture?, was- thrice read; tmd, with pome _,__________or_.,

Amendments, agreed, at. thp Table, was, upon the for Repairing Yarmouth Pier, be now heard;

Question, agreed ,tQ be m^dg Part of the Bill. The Bouse divided.

A Proviso^ for enlarging the Power of the Judicature ' The Yeas went out. to Leases^, was thrice read; and agreed to, . Tellers,

, A Proviso, touching Landington Wharfs, was thrice ^xj- JVmiyoventry, read; and, ppopthe Qufstlon* agreed to Sir Wm.

A Praviso, concerning Serjeants Inn, was thrice read; ., SvtJwath. Trelawny,

and, upon the Question, agreed* - mm - ^*1* T?fyW*> \ «>-, \r*’-

Resolved, kc, That the Bill, with the Proyispes and And so it passed in the Negative.

Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be, Anaddi- ... <4- ;r 'Rmok from the Fee* in

tional Act for Rebuilding of the City of; J u, now heard Out-port*,

of Parishes, and Rebuilding the Cathedral and Parochial ^oniqu^e, tout Wg the Out Ports,

Churches within, the said City: The House divided.

And Mr. Steward is to carry up the BIH to the' Lords. The Yeas went out. Tellers,

An ingrossed Bill to revive a former Act for returning ReRUiating able Jurors, was read. Juror*.

Resolved, kc.That the Bill do pas3: And that the Title be, An Act to revive a former Act for' returning able Jurors:

And Sir Thomas Gower is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

The Question Bering put, That the Rerport of the Bill Yarmouth

| ‘for the Yeas, 32. j:" for the Noes,- 4.5.

K

11

| for the Yeas, 41. for the Noes, 44.

Duchy of Corncwall Ltising.

lit

Sir H.

Williams*

hiate.

}'irbeck

Manor.

22 Car. II.

Tellers,

Sir Courtney Poole,

Mr. Buscawtn,

Mr. Musgrave,

Mr. hide,

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to make Leases of his Duchy Lands in Cornewatt, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill be committed to Sir Jonath.

Trelazcny, Sir John Coritcn, Colonel Sands, Sir Bassett, Mr. Bailor, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Nort limit, Sir Tho. Strickland, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Poo/cy,

Sir John Coventry, Sir John Heath, Colonel Birch, Sir John Knight, Mr. Morice, Sir Joh Sir. Spry, Mr.

Buscazeen, Sir Ed. Seamour, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Mr.

Sands, Mr. Chetu in, Sir John Sir James Thyn,

Mr. Trelmmy, Sir Charles HSir Jo. Littleton, Sir Phil. Musgrave.Air. Daniell, Sir Harvey, Sir

Richard Edgcombe, and all that serve for the Counties of Cornewalland Devon-. And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers^ and Records.

A Bill for Sale of the Lands and Estate of Sir Henry Williams Baronet, to pay Debts, and make Provision for his Children, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Solomon Swale reports from the Committee to which

the Bill, sent from the Lords, for Sale of the Manor of lirbeck, was committed, that the Committee had perused the Bill; and returned it without any Amendment: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

%6° — 28° Martii.

m

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crovyn do attend on Monday Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough

of Tamworth.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

' Luna, 28° die Martii, 1670.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Ashler's Anthony Ashley Esquire, to levy Fines, and suffer Recoveries, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solo.

Szcale, Mr. Milward, Sir Robert Howard, Mr.

Mr. Henry Seymour, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Greenvile, Sir John Petthurst, Sir John Brampston, Sir John Bennett, Sir John Sir Lane.

Lake, Colonel Birch, Mr. Mountague, Lord Williams, Mr.

Tanner, Mr. Ed.Seymour, Sir John Mallelt, Sir Talbott, Sir William Doyley, Sir Jonath. Trelavmy, Lorjl Richardson, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir John Coriton, Sir Humphry Winch, Colonel Strode, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of Dorset, Wilts, and Somersett: Aud they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Supply Bill; the Committee to which the Bill concerning Brandy is 011 committed; Sir Wm.Bassett, Sir Ed. {sir Bran<:ly‘

Wm. Heyzimd, Colonel Grey, Sir Francis Clarke, Nir

Hum. Wynch. "

Bill's Estate. Sir Gilb. Talbot reports the like, from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable John Bill Esquire, to sell Lands in Kent and Surrey, was committed.

LidyKoutli's Mr. Crowch makes the same Report from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning the Lady. Routh, was committed.

S«aford

iiection.

Tamworth

Uiction.

in-

r-

The Petition of Robert Morley Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Scajord, was read.

Resolved, Sic. That the Petition be committed to the Committee of Elections: And they are to take it into their Consideration the Second Tuesday alter their Recess.

Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Elections, the State of the Case, touching the Election for the Borough of Tamworth, between the Lord Clifford and Mr. Ferrers-, and the Evidence on both Sides; and Precedents as to former Usage: And that the Question upon the whole Matter was, Whether the Right of Election be in the Bailiffs and Four-and-twenty Capital Burgesses; or, in the Populacy and Burgesses at large: And that the Opinion of the Committee was, that the Right of Election was in the Bailiffs and Four-and-twenty: Capital Burgesses, and not in the Populacy; and that the Lord Clifford had the Majority of Voices of the Bailiffs and Capital Burgesses: And that therefore the Committee had passed these Resolves; viz.

First, That Mr. Ferrers is not duly elected.

Secondly, That the Lord Clifford is duly elected.

The Question beiing put, To agree with the Committee, that Mr. Ferrers is not duly elected;

The House divided.

The Noes go out

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Prettyman’s the Committee to which Sir John Pretty man's, Billjs Debt to the committed; Mr. Lary.Hyde, Sir Richard Powell, pjv t,own* FIcnry Coventry, Colonel Titus.

Resolved, &. c. That John Woodyard, a Bailiff, of Aor- Privilege. with, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, to answer his Breach of Privilege against Sir Robert Paston-, and his Contempt and Breach of Privilege, in speaking contemptuous Words, against this House.

The Clerk of the Crown’s Deputy, attending at the Tamworth Door, was called in to the Table; and did there alter Rtturn

the Return for the Borough of Tamworth.

amended.

ii-p

Tellers,

[Mr. Ixymour,

Tellers,[folonel

| for the Yeas, 90. for the Noes, 84.

[Mr. Szvinjen,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Cotn-. mittee, that the Lord Clifford is duly elected for the Borough of Tamworth;

Yol. IX.

Sir Edmund Pooley reports from. the Committee to Yarmouth which the Bill for repairing and maintaining the Harbour 1>ier* and Pier of Great Yarmouth, was committed, some Amendments to be made, and some Clauses to be added, to the Bill: Which he read with the Coherence; and after delivered the same iuat the Clerk’sTable; and the Amendments being twice read, were, with some Alterations made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Sir Robert Howard. . from the Committee to wljiph Duty o» the Bill for settling the Imposition on Brandy was com- Brandy.

mitted, Two Amendments, by filling up the Blanks in the Bill with the Word "first;" which he delivered in . at the Clerk’s Table: And the same were, twice r^ud; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill, with the Amendments agyeed to, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Justinian Lewpr^ apd Mr. Halsey-,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Three Suppressing Bills; the Bill for preventing and suppressing sedjtious Conventicles; a Bill for making navigable the {livers of Brandon and Waveny; and a Bill for Naturalization of Christopher Gunman, and others; with some Alterations _ and Additions, to which they desire, the Concurrence of this House: ,

And

148 28° — 29 0 1670.

Gostwick’* And have commanded us to acquaint you, that they Estate, &. c. have agreed to the Bill of Sir Gostwick, and the Bill to improve Tillage and the Breed of Cattle, without any Amendment:

Union with And they have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Scotland. Act authorizing certain Commissioners of the Realm of England to treat with Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Fees ih Sir Walter Young reports from the Committee ap-

Out Ports, pointed for the regulating of the Fees of the Offices of the Custom-house in the several Out Ports of this Kingdom, Five several Resolves, agreed by the Committee.

The Three first Resolves were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That the Fees received in the Fourth Year of King Janies, where they can be made to appear, and none other, shall be taken by the Officers in the several Out Ports of this Kingdom.

Resolved, &c. That, where the said Fees of the Fourth of King James cannot be made to appear, such Fees shall be taken, by the respective Out Ports, as were established by Order of Council in the Year of our Lord 1624, and no other.

Resolved, 8cc. That all inferior Ports or Members shall pay the same Fees with their respective Head Ports, and taone other, according to the respective Settlements in the Years aforesaid.

The First of the Two latter Resolves was twice read; and is as followeth:

Resolved, &c. That the Table of Fees delivered in to this Committee for the Port of Sandwich, and the Members thereof, being mutually agreed unto, both by the Merchants and Officers of the Customs, be presented to the House: And that the House be desired to direct and authorize the Speaker to sign the said Table; and to establish it as a Rule for the future Payment and receiving of Fees in the said Port.

And the Matter of the Resolve being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of this Resolve be recommitted to the former Committee; to hear the Parties concerned; and to consider of the Resolves and Debates of the House; and to certify it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The last of the Resolves was twice read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That the Case of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, being a new Port, and for which no Fees were settled, either in the Fourth Year of King James, or in the Year of our Lord 1624, be specially reported to the House; together with the Opinion of this Committee, That the Fees thereof Should be regulated according to the Establishment of the Port of Westchester; which is the nearest Head Port thereunto adjoining.

And the Matter of the said Resolve being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of this Resolve be recommitted to the former Committee; to hear the Parties concerned; and to consider of the Resolves and Debates of the House; and to certify it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee be revived; and do sit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed; And are also to take into Consideration the Table of Fees, tendered for the City of; and also

to look into the Table of Fees in Quarto Jacobi, as to the Fees of the Port of and to inquire what

Fees are now taken; and whether there be any Exaction in the taking of Fees; and certify their Opinions therein to the House.

Heath's Ordered, That the Report of the Committee to which

Petition. Sir John Heath's Petition was committed, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Suppressing The House then proceeded to the reading the Amend-Conventicies. ments, and Provisoes, and Clauses, sent from the Lords,

to be added to the Bill for preventing and suppressing seditious Conventicles: Which Amendments and Clauses were twice read; and, upon the Second Reading, some agreed, upon the Question; others rejected; and others postponed.

The First Paragraph of the First Proviso to be added to the Bill, was read the Second time; relating to the Attachment or Imprisonment of a Peer.

The Question being put, To agree to this Paragraph;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Paragraph or Proviso, relating to the Saving the King’s Supremacy and Prerogative, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree to this Part of the Proviso; "or to destroy any of His Majesty’s Rights, Pow'ers or Prerogatives belonging to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, or at any time exercised and enjoyed, or which might have been exercised or enjoyed by himself, or any of his Majesty’s Predecessors, Kings or Queens of England;"

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to these Words in the Lords Proviso; viz. " or any other Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary ;"

The House divided.

Tell ere /Lord St. John, 1 1 eners, \ljorAMandeJ

For the Yeas, 6S.

Tellprs /^r‘

ieiieis,jMr. Vaughan,

j- For the Noes, 122.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to these Words in the Amendment; " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid;"

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree that Part of the Amendment; viz. " Provided also, that this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to invalidate or avoid his Majesty’s Supremacy in Ecclesiastical Adairs;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Words "such and aforesaid" being struck out, and the Words " Ecclesiastical Affairs" inserted in the remaining Part of the Proviso;

The Question being put, To agree to the rest of the Proviso amended;

It wras resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to consider of the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill against Conventicles, which were postponed by this House; and the Debates of this House thereupon; and to bring in such Amendments to be made thereto, as they shall find necessary.

And it is referred to Sir Jo. Sir Tho. Mecres,

Sir Cha.Wheeler, Colonel Sands, Mr. Mil-ward, Doctor

Bur-well, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Steward, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sh Phil. ATusgrave, Mi'. Seymour, Mr. Solicitor General, Col. Strode, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir JBirkenhead, Sir Dun-combe, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Richard Temple, Mr.

Sir Tho. Gouer, Mr. Vaughan, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, for the Purpose aforesaid.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 29° die Martii, 1670.

SIR Jonathan Trelau my reports from the Committee Duchy of to which the Bill for enabling his Majesty to make Comewoll Leases of his Duchy Lands in Corsome Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence: And the same were afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and twice read.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill; and -read:

Resolved, 8cc. That the Debate of the Proviso be adjourned till Ten of the Clock.

A Message

2'2 CAR; IL

Hoichkins’ A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Mr. Estate. Halsey,

Mr. Spea ker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill to enable Robert Hoichkins to sell Lands to pay Debts, and raise Portions for Daughters; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

bidv Sir John Talbott reports from the Committee, to which

Lute*'* *ie sent from the Lords, on the Behalf of the Lady Belasyse, was committed, some Amendments to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to:

And the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso, were read the Third time; and agreed: And the Bill ordered to be returned to the Lords.

Brandish,&c. Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for avignuou. majeeing navigable the Rivers of Brandon and

were thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed: And the Bill returned to the Lords.

Inrd Strantr- The ingrossed Bills, on the Behalf of the Lord ford s lsuit, j'or(j. Sir Francis Fane; Yarmouth; and the Bills of John Bill; and Mr. Beckham; were read the Third time; and passed; and sent up to the Lords.

bdr Booth’s The Bill, sent from the Lords, on the Behalf of the Esuu'. Lady Routh, was read the Third time; and passed; and sent up to the Lords.

Ff'.’sin Ordered, That Mr Jolijfeand Sir Charles Harbord be Uut-pojts. adJeil to the Committee concerning the Out Ports.

Jiockma'j's, Amendments and Additions, sent from the Lords, to kc.Nau the Bill of Naturalization, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed: And the Addition of some Names agreed to be made.

Ordered, That the Names of Clerk,

Maria van loor Widow, Maurice van nout De/aett, Louis Cay roze, and and

Stephen Fox, Children of Sir Stephen Fox, be added: And the Bill and Amendments, with this Addition, returned.

Dover Pier. Mr. Spry reports from the Committeee, to which the

Matter touching Dover Pier, was committed, the State of the Case in relation to that Matter: Which being debated;

Resolved, &c. That his Majesty be humbly desired, by such Members of this House as are of his Privy Council, to issue out his Commission to such Commissioners as he shall think fit, to take an Account, upon Oath, of such Monies as have been received by virtue of the late Act of Parliament for repairing Hover Pier; and how it hath been expended; and in what Condition the Pier is; and whether any of the Money has been misemployed; and what Sum is necessary for the further Repair of the Pier:

And report it, with their Opinions therein.

brd Root* The Bill sent from the Lords, for the Lord Divorce, called Lord Roos, to marry again, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Conventicles. Ordered, That the Report of the Amendments to the Bill against Conventicles, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

149

a Member of this House, is sued to an Outlawry during Rriviltvectfii his Privilege in Parliament, by Robert Mason and MtTber in 1*

Shewed;

Ordered, That the said IS,hoi Mason and Thomas Shewed be taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for Breach of Privilege of this House, as aforesaid.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Die Me rear ii,30° M1G70.

N F O R M A TIO N being given of a Breach of Pri- Pnvileg*. vilege committed against Sir II ma Member of this House, by one John Gray Esquire, and 7

son an A ttorney, in causing the Cattle of Sir Fennick to be distrained, and proceeding at Law against him;

Ordered, That all Proceedings of the said Gray and Gibson against Sir Bin. Fennick be stayed during this Session of Parliament: And that the Matter of Breach of Privilege be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to take it into Consideration after the Recess; and examine and report the Matter to the House.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill to enable his Majesty to Dueby of make Leases of his Duchy Lands in Corntwall, with the Comewalt Amendments reported Yesterday, be agreed to, and Leasing, ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be recommended to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to have Regard of Preference in letting Leases to the ancient Tenants of the Duchy of Corntwall.

A Bill to prevent the Delivery of English Ships to Pi- Pirate*, rates and Sea Robbers, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wren,

Sir John Heath, Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir John Talbot, Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Harbord, Mr.

Spry, Sir John Knight, Sir Henry Sir Phil.

Musgrave, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Ed. Iiungerford,

Morley, Mr. Marvill, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Alderman Bence, Sir John Frederick, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Jones, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Jo.Earnely, Sir Lout her, Sir Jo.

Brampston, Mr. Buller, Sir Tho. CMr. Crowch, and all that serve for the City of London, or any Port Towns: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, anil Records.

Ordered, That Mr, Marsh, Deputy to the Clerk of this Remunera-House, be impowrered to collect and receive the Bounty tlon °^(;lerks of the Members of the House to the Under Officers, 0 the I,ous*-according to former Usage; to be distributed amongst them by Air. Speaker.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking the Ac- Indigent counts of the Monies in Arrear to the indigent loyal Offi- Officer*,' cers, be desired to meet and sit on Thursday in Easter Week; and from thence at such times as they shall find necessary; and to proceed in the Examination and taking of the Accounts; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House, at their next Meeting after the Recess.

19" — 3°° Martii.

Icon with The Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning the Union Mind, between England and Scotland, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That it be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable An- Ashley'* thony Ashley Esquire, being under Age, to levy Fines and Estate, suffer Recoveries, w as read the Third time; and passed:

And Sir JVm. Doyle is to carry it back to the Lords.

Duty on

liranjy,

The ingrossed Bill for settling the Imposition on Brandy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling the Imposition on Brandy: And that Colonel Birch do carry up the Bill to the Lords. ‘

The House being informed, that Sir Edmund Windham, Vo 1.IX,

A Bill for Recovery of Arrear of Monies given to the Lon(lon Poor> Poor of London, in the Time of the Sickness, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Brampston reports from the Committee, to death’s

which the Consideration of the Petition of Sir John Heath, Pennon, and Y&me Margaret t his Wife, was comini tted, the whole State of the Case, and Evidence therein; and the Opinion of the Committee thereupon; vis.

P p That

1 qo

300 Mar tit.

\A. 1670.

That the Petitioners are fit to be relieved by an Act of

Parliament.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Car, Sir Tho. Gower, Sir Joh Sir Anth.

Rts<lived, &c. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Mr. Jolly, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Jl tn. Idcctwced, Sir Ji m.; the Behalf oi Sir John Heath, and his Lady, for their Mur Icy, 'Mr. Sir John Talbott, Colonel Egg,

slief". Sir Lake, Lord Richardson, Sir John

Conventicles.

Conference desired with Lords.

on

Relief

Mr. Milicard reports from the Committee appointed to peruse the Amendments, from the Lords, to the Bill against Conventicles, which were postponed, some Amendments and Additions to be made thereto: Which lie read, with the Coherence; and alter delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which, with some Additions, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill against Conventicles.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Solicitor General,

Sir C'ha. llarbord, Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir IVm. Thompson, Sir Richard lord, Sir Allen Appesley, Sir Brode-

rick, Sir Tho. C/ergcs, Sir John Lout her, Sir John Sir Anthony Cope, Sir Ra. Ranch, Colonel Birch, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Jonal. Trelauney, Mr. Finch, Mr.

ley, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Lord Anglers, Serjeant Lord AlUnglon, Sir Edm.Pooly, Mr. Mr. Seymour,

Sir John Robinson, Colonel Kirby, Sir John Motley, Sir Ra. Bancks, Sir Phil.Musgrave, Sir Francis Anderson, Sir

Tho. Littleton, Sir Rich.Poxcle, Lord Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hide, Mr. Pand the Members that serve for Newcastle, Northumberland, London,

Mr. Milward, Sir Tho. Mecres, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir foike, and: And all that shall come are to have John Coventry, Sir John Brampslon, Mr. Seymour, Six Rob. Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of Carr, Sir JVm. Coventry, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Cheney, Sir the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber

Tho. Lee, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Hum. JVynch, and Mr. Waller, to prepare Reasons, to be used at the Conference to be had with the Lords; and to see the Amendments by this House to the Lords prepared, and rightly made out.

The Ilolise to sit in the A tic moon.

Humes*

Petition.

and to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for authorizing jjn-,m with Commissioners of England to treat with Commissioners Scotland, for the Kingdom of Scotland, fur the Weal of both Kingdoms, w as read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bril be committed to Sir Tho.

Resolved, 8cc. That the House do sit this Afternoon: and that Mr. Birch, when he carries up the Two Bills to the Lords, do give Intimation thereof.

A Petition of Elizabeth Humes, Wife of Robert Humes,

was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Petition be committed to Sir

Anth. Irby, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Edmund Windham, Air.

Crou ch, Colonel Rtames, Sir Phil. Musgrave, M r. Finch,

Mr. May, Sir John Brampslon, Sir Jonath. Trelawny, John Covert, Sir Edmond Sir Yeung,

Lord Alteram, Sir John Heath, Sir John Talbot., Sir Court- Lord Angler, Mr. Hide, Colonel Gray. Sir Cha. Wheeler, vey Poole, Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir John Knight, Sir Hugh Air. Vaughan, Mr. Downey, Lord A scram, Lord

Gmer, Sir Ant.Irby, Sir JenaTr claw my, Mr. Solicitor

General, Sir John Talbott, Sir Ra. Bunchs, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Mr. Seymour, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir lien. Sir A/ Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Robert Car, Colonel Birch, Sir Em. Lake, Sir Cha. Mr. Hubby,

Sir If m. Jj wther. Mr. Cheney, Sir John Erin la. Sir

Convnittee of Grievances,

Lord Roos’ Divorce.

Windham, Mr. Dalmahoy, Sir Solo. Sir Gilbert Talbot, or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to tire House: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances, which were to sit this Afternoon, do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

The ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Lord Manners, called the Lord Rous, to marry again, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas w*ent out.

Frets.Hollis. } for tlre Yea5' '"i-

rp ii , fSir Robert Bameham,j r XT c.

Tellers' tsirJWta Fits Ja !(Jr the Noes' And so it was resolved in the Affirmative, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, See. That the Bill for the Lord Manners, called the Lord Roos, to marry again, be committed to a Committee of the whole House: And that the House resolve into a Committee Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, to proceed on the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Three of tire Clock this Afternoon.

ley. Sir Allen Appes/y, Sir Hugh 11 yndharn, Colonel. Kirkhy, Sir Tho. Strickland, and all the Members that serve for Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmorland\ Yorkc, and Lancaster: And all that shall come to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber; and to compare the Bill with the Vote of both Houses, and see how they do agree; and to look into the former Acts, Transactions, and Proceedin'

Matter, in the Time of King James.

relating to this

o

Tellers lMr> ieners, |sh.

Searching of Wine.

Exporting Beer,&c.

Post Meridiem.

A BILL for the Search and Essay of Wines, was read.

Resohed, That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for exporting Beer and Coal, was read a Second time.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee Conference appointed to prepare Reasons to be insisted on at a Con- with Louie, ference with the Lords, to justify the Additions and Alterations of this . , to the Amendments sent from the Lords, to the Bill against Conventicles, the several Reasons by them agreed: Which were approved of by the House; and the Matter left to the Management of Mr.

Solicitor, and the other Members of the Committee: And Sir Robert Carr is to desire a Conference on this Matter with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mondeford Beam- Lords aere* ston and Sir John Cocll; to several

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed to the Bill, sent from this House, for settling Measures; the Bill on the Behalf of the Dean of St. Paul's; and the Amendments to the Bill of the Lord Slrangford: And do desire a present Conference Conference with this House, upon the Amendments to with Laird*, the Bill of Naturalization.

Which Conference was agreed to: And the Messengers called in, and acquainted therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Robert Carr, Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir Phil. Warwick,

Mr. Waller, and Sir Tho. Meeres, be appointed to manage the Conference.

Mr. Solicitor reports, That the Lords did not agree' to the Additions of Names, by Amendment from this House, to the Amendments from them; because though it

had

22 Car. II. 39° — 31 ° Mar

»y

list! been a Thing of late time used and practised, yet, of them, to prepare and bring in a Proviso, ingrossed, upon Search into the Statute which directs the Manner of with Penalties, to prohibit the carrying of Merchants Naturalization, they found it not so regular, nor according Goods in Ships of War. to ancient Use; for that, in strictness, the Parties ought

to be sworn before the Third Reading of the Bill. A Message from the Lords, by Sir Bratnp- Repairing

Resolved', Sec. That this House doth agree with the ston and Sir; Highways.

Lords: And that the Bill of Naturalization, with the Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill Lords Additions, be amended; and returned to the concerning Highways, with some Amendments; to which Lords by Colonel Birch. they desire the Concurrence of this House.

(Vefercnoe Sir Robert Carr reports, That the Lords had agreed *tii, LorJfc to a present Conference with this House, ... to the Amendments to the Bill against Conventicles.

And the Managers appointed went up to attend the Conference.

Mr. Solicitor reports, that they had delivered the Amendments of this House to the Amendments of the Lords, to the Bill against Conventicles; and also their Reasons, approved by the House, for Justification thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Die Jotis, 31* , 1670.

MWlimije's, A BILL for Naturalization of Horatio Woodhouse ic. iVit. i V Clerk, and others, was read.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

jv.-lii- '< An ingrossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to make (v,rni>ull Leases of his Duchy Lands in was read.

Lwifg- Proviso was tendered, and twice read.

The Proviso was read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to make Leases of his Duchy Lands in Cornwall.

llotflikin’8 An ingrossed Bill to enable Robert Hotchkin to sell . pute. Lands, to pay Debts and raise Portions for Daughters, sent from the Lords, was read the Second time:

And no Exception taken to it;

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Third time.

LotdonFoor. A Bill for Recovery of Arrears of Money, given to the Use of the Poor in the City of was read

the Second time:

And a Debate being thereupon;

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir John Frederick, Sir Lan. Lake. Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Churchill, Sir

Talbott, Colonel Birch, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Mr.

Jlcnly, Colonel Rcmnes, Sir James Sir John Tal-

bott, Sir John Lout her, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Clifford Clifton, Mr. Steward, Mr. DMr. Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Robert Carr, Colonel Sir Ant. Irby,

Mr. JoUiffe, Sir Win. Coventry, Mr. Mr. Morice, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir John CSir Tho. Clergis,

Sir John Pettus, Mr Jones, Mr. Crouch, S'wWm. Thompson, and all that serve for London, Mid-

dlesex, and Southwarke: And they are to meet on Saturday Morning at Seven of the Clock: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ship building Mr. Wren reports Amendments to the Bill to encou-uul Pirates. rage the Building of Merchant Ships serviceable for Fight; and, to prevent Delivery of English Ships to Pirates, some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Wren, Mr. Jolly,

Sir I Pm. Thompson, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Mr.

Fdw.Seymour, Colonel Reames, Sir Court. Poole, Mr. Love, Colonel Strode, Sir Wit. Sir John,

Mr Crouch, Sir John Morley, Mr. or any Three

Vol. IX,

Ordered, That the House do sit on Saturday: And that House to ait no Members do go out of Town without Leave: And on Saturday, that no new Bill, or Business, be entertained or received &c* before the Recess.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Lord Roo*' whole House, upon the Bill, sent down from the Lords, Divorce* intituled, An Act for John Marmora ,called Lord Roos, to marry again.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair: And, taking the Chairagain,

Resolved, &c. That Sir Thomas Meeres be called to the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Metres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress upon the said Bill:

And that it w as the Opinion of the Committee, that the House be humbly moved, to resolve into a Committee of the whole House this Afternoon, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the said Committee, That this House resolve into a Committee of the whole House this Afternoon, to proceed in the further Consideration of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

A BIL L for the Naturalization of Horatio Woodhouse, Woodhouse’*

and others, read a Second time. Estate.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Jarmett Jenings, and Robert Kffes, be Witnesses taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this refusing at-House, for refusing to attend the Committee to whom the Petition of Mrs. Humes, is committed: And that the Ser- 0

jeant have them in a Readiness to attend the said Committee on Saturday Morning next, at Seven of the Clock.

A Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hotchkin’s to enable Robert Hotchkin to sell Lands, to pay Debts, Estate, and raise Portions for Daughters, read the Third time.

Resolved, Sec. That said Bill do pass.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Repairing Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the additional Highway*. Bill for the better repairing of Highways and Bridges:

Which were twice read.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment,

Press the 5th, Line the 13th, for reading " three" instead of "five;"

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being severally put, For agreeing to the rest of the Amendments;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the roos» whole House, upon the Bill, sent down from the Lords, Divorce, intituled, An Act for John Mannors, called Lord Roos, to man y again.

Mr. Speaker leaves the Chair.

Sir Thomas Metres took the Chair of tire Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes tire Chufir*

Sir

152

3 i° Martii. — 2" Jprilis. A. 1670.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the said Committee,

that the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact in the said Bill; and had gone through the Bill; and found no Cause to make any Alteration or Amendment thereunto.

The said Bill was read a Third time.

Resolved,&c- That the Bill do pass: And that the Title lie, An Act for John Mcalled Lord to many again: And Sir Thomas Metres do carry it back to the Lords.

Die Sahbati, 2° , 1670.

privilege — /~\RD E RE D, That Robert Mason, and Thomas

l’ei^ons ty Shell'ell, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms,

from custody. ^oir a ^reach of Privilege, be discharged, paying their Fees.

Conference Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Thomas Clargis, on Highways g[r # Talbot, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Thomas Meeres, Colonel Birch, Sir John Brampston, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Robert Carr, to prepare Reasons, to offer at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill of Highways: And that Sir Thomas Meeres go to the Lords to desire a Conference.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports, that the Lords, being enraged in a Debate, would return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Lonilou Poor. Mr. Steward reports Amendments, agreed to be made to the Bill for Recovery of Arrears of Money, given to the Poor of London: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Westminster Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in the like Poor. Bill on the Behalf of Westminster, and the Out Parishes

adjacent.

Wey Navi- Two Bills, for settling the Navigation of the River gation. Wey in Surrey, were read the Second time.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Thomas Dalmuhoy Esquire, was twice read.

Resolved, See. That the Bills and Proviso be committed to Mr. Bailer, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Bridgeman, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Sir

Apsley, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Da/mahoy, Sir Temple,

Sir John Cordon, Mr. Seymour, Sir Fang, Sir Win. Fleetumd, Sir Thomas Clargis, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Win. Coventry, Sir Tho. SMr. Alderman Love, Mr. Greenvile, Mr. Hen.Seymour, Sir John Coventry, Sir John Bennet, Lord Richardson, Sir Steward, Mr.

Onslow, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Wm. Sir

Browne, Sir Jonathan Colonel Sands, Mr.

Chetwin, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Colonel

Legg, Sir Thomas Alien, Sir Phil. Colonel Birch,

Mr. Milward, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Air.

Crouch, Sir Thomas Do/eman, Mr. Sir John

Birkenhead, Sir Char. Wheeler, Sir Herbert Price, Sir John Petlus, Sir Phil. Air. Steward, Mr.

Williamson, Mr. Daniell, Sir Hum. Sir John

Eamely, Sir John Trevor, Colonel Gray, Sir John Fitz James, Mr. Waning, and all the Aiembers that serve for London, Middlesex, Sussex, Surrey, Lincolne, and Norfolk: And all that come shall have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Exporting Ordered, That the Committee concerning Beer and Beer, «vc. Coal, be revived.

Supply Bill; Resolved, See. That Sir Richard Wiseman, Sir John Duty on Talbot, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Cheney, Sir John Brampston,

Biandy. lul(j ]\fr Cornewallis, be added to the Committee, to

- which the Bill concerning Brandy, is committed.

24

The ingrossed Bill for Recovery of Alonies given to London Poor, the Poor of I.ondon, was read; and passed; and sent up to the Lords.

The ingrossed Bill for Naturalization of Horatio Wood- Woodlouse’*, house, and others, was read: And the Names of John &c< Nat-and George Coeli, Sons of George Cock, Merchant, ordered to be inserted: And the Bill passed.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do sit on committeeof Wednesday next: And that the Chairman do make out Grievance. Summons for Witnesses, then to attend.

The Question being put, That the Bill of Sir John Heath’* Heath, now tendered, be now received in; Relief

The House divided. v

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Tellers

f Sir Lane. Lake, s’\ Sir Jonath.

>{" " ‘

Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Fretz. Hollis,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative

j. for the Yeas, 42. ] for the Noes, 3/5.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

SIR Thomas Clargis reports Reasons to he ofibred Repairing to the Lords, upon the Conference to he had, upon tee lli^hwa)*. Amendments to the Bill concerning Highways: Which

O O

were allowed by the House.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for declaring Bishop of and settling the charitable Uses of the late Bishop of Rochester’* Rochester, was read the Second time. Chamies.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Philipp Waruicke, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Neale, Sir John -

liter, Sir John Talbott, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Fleet-wood, Sir Thomas Peylon, Sir John Harley, Sir Coriton, Fowell, Serjeant Maynard, Air.#, Sir

Irby, Mr. Crou ch, Sir John Fagg, Sir Slatting, Sir Phi/lippMusgrave, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Mi/zcard, Lord Cliff ord, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Seymour, Sir John Heath, Sir Jonathan Trelawney, Sir Franc. Clarke, and all that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet on Monday next at 1 Vo of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

The Bill on the behalf of Sir John Heath, and Dame Margarett his Wife, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went out.

f Colonel Strode, s’\ Air. Hen. Coventry,

T , / Sir Robert Howard,

e ers, gjr Thomas Doleman,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Tellers,

j for the Yeas, 28. J for the Noes, 4.7.

IleatliV ltelic L

Resolved, &c. That the Report of the Bill concerning Duty o* Brandy, be made on Motiday Alorning, the First Business. Brandy.

The ingrossed Bill to prevent the Delivery of English Pyrates. Ships to Pyrates, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of this Bill he adjourned till Monday Alorning.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir John Coeli and Mr. Halsey;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Con- Lord* desir* ference with this House, upon the Subject Matter of the a Conference, last Conference, upon the Amendments to the Bill of Highways:

And have returned the Bill of Yarmouth Pier, with Yarmouth some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence Bier, of tins House.

The

lady South-

hamulus

Ltaie.

Committees,

Yarmouth

Pier.

Conference

on Highways Bill

Conference on Conventicle Bill.

0

<22 Ca& II

30^ — 4° Aprilis*

153

The Messengers bring called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this Househad agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the former Managers do manage this ’Conference.

Sir Thomas Meerts Reports, that they had received the LorJs Reasons, at the Conference, bn the Amendments, to the Eill of High way fe.

Ordered, That the Report thereof be made bn Monday Morning.

That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Fee-farm

and Mr. Justice Wilde; Rents.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, ‘intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That this Bill be read in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Counsel be heard at the Bar on Tuesday Morning, upon the Report to the Bill concerning the Lady Southampton.

Resolved, &c. That the Report of the Brandy be heard in the Afternoon:

Bill against Duty on, Brandy,

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned till Monday, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday, Eight of the Clock.

Die Lume, 4* , 1670.

That the Committee for Sale of Sir John Pretty mans Prettyman’s Estate have Leave to sit this Afternoon. 3tate‘

A Petition of Henry Lewis, sent for in Custody of the Privilege. — Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege, being ten- J^u°nper. dered and considered; g0D

Ordered, That the said Henry Lewis be discharged of custody, his Commitment to the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

AMENDMENTS sent from the Lords, to she Bill for Repair of Yarmouth Pier, were read twice; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Proviso, sent from the Lords, on the Behalf of the City oi Norwich, was twice read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Third time;

The House d’vided.

The Yeas went out.

Mn&ab, } f»rthe 47-And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Conference be had with the Lords, upon the Proviso not agreed.

Mr. Seymour, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Anthony Lrby, Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir JVm. Coventry, Mr. Corey, Sir Thomas Lee, Colonel Birch, Mr. King, and Sir John Birkenhead, to withdraw and prepare Reasons for the ' Conference.

Sir Thomas Clergis reports from the Conference had with the Lords, the Reasons by them given upon the Amendments to the Bill for repairing Highways, for their not agreeing to the Word " Five," but to have the Word " Three" instead of it, as to the Number of Horses.

The Question being put, To adhere to the Number "Five;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock [rt] Tomorrow Morning.

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the Exporting Bill concerning the Exportation of Beer and Coal is com- Beer> Remitted, have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning, before the Sitting of the House: And that all the Members that serve for the Counties of York and and City

of London, be added to the said Committee,

Ordered, That all Committees, discontinued, be re- Committees, vived; and do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

Sir JVm. Coventry reports the Reasons to be insisted Yarmouth upon at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing Pier, with their Lordships Proviso, to be added to the Bill for the Repair of the Pier of Great Yarmouth.

Ordered, That Sir William Coventry desire a Conference with the Lords, upon their Amendments, and the said Proviso.

The Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fee-farm for advancing the Sale of his Majesty’s Fee-farm Rents, Rents, and other Rents, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Mr. Halsey;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments to the Bill against Conventicles.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, that the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Managers formerly iappointed, do attend this Conference.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Conference had with the Lords, Wherein the Lords do agree, land wherein they disagree, with the Amendments, sent from this House, to the Bill against Conventicles; and the Alterations and Amendments made by the Lords: Which he opened, and read with the Coherence; and declared the Reasons given by the Lords for the same: And the House agreed with the Lords, except in Two Particulars.

Resolved, &c. That this House is not satisfied with the Lords Reasons, in not agreeing with this House, in altering their Amendment to the 1st Line in the 6th Press, relating to the Search of their Houses.

Resolved, &c. That this House is not satisfied with the Lords Reasons for retaining the First Proviso of the Provisoes, marked (B), relating to attaching the Lords Persons: Vol. IX.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mondiford Bramp- shadwell ston and Mr. Halsey; Church.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down the Bill, intituled, An Act for Endowment of a Church at Shadwell, now in the Parish of Stepney, in Middlesex, and making it parochial, distinct from Stepney; with an Addition of a Proviso; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Greenvile, Colonel Committee* Kirtby, and Mr. Glascock, be added to the Committee to added, whom the Petition of Mrs. Humes is committed: And they have Leave to sit Tomorrow Morning at Seven of the Clock.

Sir Robert‘Howardreports from the Committee to Supply Bill;

whom the Bill for regulating the making of Brandy in Duty on England, and prohibiting the Importation of foreign Bl‘wid-V. Brandy, was committed, several Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, agreed by the Committee to be added thereunto: Which he read iu his Place; and afterwards delivered in the same at the Clerk’s Table: And, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto,

[a] It Should have been " this Afternoon,"

Q q Some

Conference on Conventicle Bill.

Shadwell

Church.

Tyrates.

Lacfy Southhampton’s Estate.

Yarmouth

Pier.

Fee-farm

Rents.

*54

Some Blanks being in the Bill;

Ordered, That the Debate of filling up the said Blanks, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Cheney- desire a free Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill against Conventicles.

Mr. Cheney reports, that the Lords agree to the said free Conference; and that it be forthwith.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference do manage This: And that Mr. Vaughan be added to them.

Ordered, That the Report of the said free Conference be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight of the Clock.

Die Martis, 5* 1670.

Prayers.

Tli E Proviso, sent from the Lords, to be added to the Bill for endowing a Church at Shadwell, was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and the Bill, with the Proviso, ordered to be returned.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Proviso tendered to be added to the Bill to prevent the Delivery of English Ships to Pyrates, or Sea Robbers: Which

was read twice:

And a Debate being thereupon had, for some Alteration to be made to the Proviso;

Ordered, That Mr. JVrenn, Colonel Strode, Sir Coventry, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Alderman Love, Mr. Chetwin, Mr. Seymour, Colonel Birch, Sir

Harbord, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Jones, Mr. or

any Five of them, do consider of the Proviso and Debates of the House; and bring in Amendments to the Proviso.

Sir Phillipp Warwick reports from the Committee to

which the Bill, sent from the Lords, on the Behalf of the Countessof Southampton, was committed, severalAmend-ments to be made, and a saving Clause to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which were read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

But the Preamble, and Inducement of the Bill, being postponed,

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee to peruse the Preamble; and Inducement of the Bill and Amendments; and to make the same cohere and agree; and bring in Amendments accordingly: And the Committee is revived; and to sit this Afternoon: And Sir Courtney Poole, and Mr. deaux, are added to the Committee.

Sir William Coventry reports from the Conference had with the Lords, upon the Proviso brought down to be added to the Bill for repair of Yarmouth Pier, and not agreed to by this House, That he had left the Bill with the Lords; and delivered the Reasons of this House for not agreeing to the Proviso.

The ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for advancing the Sale of Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sol-licitor General, Sir George Downing, Lord Lord

Hawley, Colonel Strode, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Tem-

ple, Sir John Birkenhead, Lord Aldington, Sir Thomas Strickland, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Littleton, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Lord Angier Sir Coventry, Sir

Tho. Zee, Mr. Guy, Mr. Milw Lord Sir

Phillip Warwicke, Sir Clifford Clifton, Sir John Talbot,

Sir Robert Howard, Sir Charles Sir Allen

1670.

Apsley, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Emley, Sir, Solo. Swale,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hyde, Lord Richardson, Mr. Newport, Mr. Cheney, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Tho. Clergis,

Mr. Edw. Seymour, Sir John Coriton, Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr. Williamson, Sir Charles Harbord,

Sir Allen Brodericke, Mr. Wren, Col. Milward, Colonel Titus, Sir John Brampston, Sir Steven Fox, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Morice, Mr. Sir

John Barnaby, Sir John Hanmore, Sir Herbert Price:

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Mr- . Halsey;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Lord* agre* quaint you, that they have agreed with this House, to to bill*, the Bill on the Behalf of Dr. Wharton; and the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Lee; without any Amendment: And also agreed, with this House, to the Bill for Repair of Yarmouth Pier, without the Proviso for Noru'ich: And

The Lords desire a present Conference with this Conferenc* House, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Con- 00 c°"'en" ference, upon the Amendments to the Bill against tlc e 1 ' Conventicles, in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers being called, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, that this House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Managers formerly appointed do attend the Conference.

Mr. Solicitor reports from the Conference, That the Lords had agreed with this House in the First of the Amendments, in Difference, relating to the Search of their Houses, to wave their Amendment; but, as to the Proviso against attaching their Persons, they do adhere.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Lords.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Solicitor General,

Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir John Brampston, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr.

Milward, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho.

Lee, Mr. Steward, or any Two of them, to see the Amendments rightly inserted, and Provisoes rightly placed in the Bill.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Persons, or to any Three of them, to look into the Method of Proceedings upon Conferences, or free Conferences, between the Two Houses; and report their Opinion to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the former Managers, Highway*, to prepare Reasons, on the Amendments to the Bill of Highways.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 6° die Aprilis, 1670.

I R Thomas Clergis reports Reasons, agreed by the Highway*. Committee, to be offered at the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill for repairing Highways: Which were approved by the House:

And Sir Thomas Clergis is to desire a Conference with the Lords therein.

Sir Phillipp Warwicke reports from the Committee to Lady South-which the Matter of the Preamble to the Bill on the Be- hampton’s half of the Countess of Southampton was committed, That E8tate-the Committee had agreed to another Preamble, instead of the Preamble sent from the Lords, to make the Inducement, and the enacting Clauses of the Bill agree: Which was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and the Preamble and Provisoes ordered to be ingrossed.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee to pyrate». which the Clause brought in to be added to the Bill to prevent the Delivery of Merchant Ships to Pyrates, was

re-committed,

40 — 50 — 6° Aprilis.

Fee-farm

Kents.

itVf,

Rochester's

Charities.

Committees.

Supply Bill; Buty on Brandy.

Mrs. Humes, Petition.

Bishop of

Rochester's

Chartities.

yjfi'i Prettiman’s

ite, Debt to the

Crown.

il»

22 Car. II.

6° — 7° — 8°

*55

re-committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Clause: Which he read, with the Coherence; and delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Winch Amendments, being twice read, were all, upon the Question, severally agreed, except the Amendment to the twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, and twenty-sixth Lines of the Proviso, for leaving out the Clause of Disability; which Amendment was, upon the Question, disagreed: And so the Clause to stand in the Bill with the Addition of these Words, " until he shall be restored by his Majesty," after the Word " Service," in the twenty-sixth Line of the Proviso: Which was agreed, upon the Question, and inserted in the Proviso, with the other Amendments agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso, so amended, be agreed to.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee to which the Bill for advancing the Sale of Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

A Proviso relating to Mills, was tendered, and twice read; and, being read the Third time, passed.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

ftfSSg* } forth. Yeas. 74.

StjBSfS*. } for the Noes, 40.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for advancing the Sale of Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents:

And That Mr. Solicitor General do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for settling the charitable Uses of the late Bishop of Rochester was committed:

Sir Tho. Metres, Sir Hen. Yelverton, Mr. Grimes, Mr. Darcy, Mr. Clarke, SirTV/o. Clergis, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Cha. Hai'bord, Mr. Coleferer, Mr. Daniell, Col. Titus, Sir Edmund Pye.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Bill for regulating the making of Brandy, be resumed Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, the first Business.

terations, made at the Table, Was, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Gilbert Talbot reports from the Committee to Privileges which the Petition of Elizabeth Humes was committed, the whole State of the Matter and Evidence therein: And that the Committee did leave it to the House, to do what they Should think fit therein.

And the Question, upon the whole Matter, being, whether the said Humes ought to be allowed Privilege, as the menial Servant of Sir John;

Resolved, &c. That the Matter be re-committed to the fdrmer Committee; to examine whether Sir John Prettiman did know of the Condition of the said Humes; and what Accusations were against Humes, when he entertained him for his Servant; and whether he knew he was a Prisoner for any criminal Matter, or under Bail for the good Behaviour, w’hen he did entertain him; and whether he were so w'hen the Motion was made for his Privilege; and whether he were arrested, or in Prison, for a real Debt, or whether the Actions entered against himwere not feigned:

And Sir John Prettiman is to attend the Committee, and make it appear that he was arrested, and detained Prisoner for Debt, after he was retained his Servant: And the Committee is revived; and to sit this Afternoon: And the Keeper of the Prison of the King's Bench is to attend the Committee, to give an Account of the arresting and detaining of the said Humes in Prison: And all that shall come to the Committee are to have Voices: And Sir Charles llarbord, Mr. Coleman, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Coriton, Sir Tho. Clergis, Col. Sir Tho. Alee res,

and Mr. Crouch, are added to the Committee: And the Care of the Matter is recommended to Mr. Crowch.

Sir Thomas Alceres reports from the Committee to Union with which the Bill concerning the Union of England and Scot- Scotland. land was committed, That the Committee had carefully ' perused the Bill, and thought fit to return it without any Alteration or Amendment.

The Third Reading of the said Bill being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate thereof be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning: And that it be referred to Mr. Secretary Trevor, Sir JVm. and Sir Thomas Mceres, or any Two of them, to prepare and bring in a Proviso, upon the Debate of the House, to be added to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Owners and Masters Light-houses of Ships belonging to Chester, Liverpoole, and Ports adja- Ireland, cent to the North-ways, trading unto the Kingdom of Ireland, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report upon the Petition of Mrs Hums be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Die Jorvis, T Aprilis, 1670.

MR. Crouch reports from the Committee to which the Bill for settling the charitable Uses of the late Bishop of Rochester was committed, that the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and returned it without any Amendment

Sir Robert Howard reports from the Committee to which the Bill for selling Part of Sir John Prettiman s Lands, to satisfy a Debt due to his Majesty, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made, and Clauses to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso on the Behalf of Sir John Heath, and his Lady, was tendered, and twice read; and, with some Al-Vot. IX.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Vencns, 8* Aprilis, 1670.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Prettymaa’* Sir John Prettyman, for Satisfaction of a Debt by Debt to th*

him due to the King’s Majesty, was read. Crown.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title , An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John

Prettyman, for Satisfaction of a Debt by him due to the King’s Majesty.

The Bill sent from the Lords, on the Behalf of the Lady South-Lady Southampton, for confirming her Purchase and Estate of an House in Coventry; with Amendments and Altera- Es,ate’ tiens; was read the Third time; and, upon the Question, agreed; and passed; and ordered to be returned to the Lords.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling the charitable Bishop of Uses of the late Bishop of Rochester, was read the Rochester'*

Third ChantiM'

Light-house* in Ireland*

Supply Bill; Duty on Brandy,

Union with Scotland.

Duty on Brandy.

Lords agree to Bills.

Duty on Brandy.

Ditto.

156 8 ° — y° AprilA. 1670.

Third time; and passed, upon the Question; and ordered to be returned to the Lords.

A Petition of the Owners and Masters of Ships belonging to Chester, Liverpool, and Ports adjacent, complaining of a great Grievance and Exaction, by the Patentees of the Light-houses, in demanding and receiving Lees for Tonage upon Ships, a yearly Imposition on .'fisher-boats, and Twelve-pence the Head on Passengers, was read; and debated.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition be referred to the Committee of Grievances; to take the Matter of the Petition, and Grievance therein complained of, into their Consideration, the first IVedntsday of their meeting and sitting after the Recess: And that a Copy of the Petition, together with this Order, be sent to the Patentees, or the Officers and Agents by them employed, that they may take notice thereof: And Mr. Stanley is desired to take care to see them conveyed.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter for the filling up the Blanks in the Bill concerning the Imposition to be put on Brandy made in England.

A Petition of the Company of the Distillers of London was read.

The Petitioners, being called in, were heard at the Bar of the House by their Counsel, touching the Imposition to be laid upon Brandy made in And, being

withdrawn;

Resolved \&c. That the Debate thereof be adjourned till Four of the Clock this Afternoon.

Resolved, See. That the Blank in the Bill, Folio the 8th, be filled up, with the Words " Two-pence.’*

Resolved, &c. That the Blanks, Folio 16, be filled up, with the Words "*"

Resolved, &c. That the Blank in Folio 20, be filled up with the Words " Three-pence;" and that the Words " Proof Spirits perfectly made, and to be Custom-free," be inserted in the Clause.

Resolved, See. That this Proviso be added at the End of the Bill, viz." That this Act shall continue in Force for the Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament, and no longer."

Resolved, See. That the Kingdom of Ireland be inserted into the Bill, in all Places, touching the Prohibition of the Importation of foreign Brandy.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir John Talbott, CoL Birch, Sir Tho. Metres, Sir Robert Howard, and Mr.

Steward, or any Two of them, to withdraw, and see the Bill set right according to these Votes.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Keeling, and Mr. Baron Littleton;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the addi- rebuilding tional Bill for the rebuilding the City of London; with London, some Alterations, Additions, and Provisoes; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Resolved, &c. That the Amendments, sent dow n from the Lords, to the Bill concerning the City of London, be proceeded in the first Business Tomorrow Morning.

The Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act authorizing certain Commissioners of the Realm of England, to treat with Commissioners of Scotland for the Weal of both Kingdoms, was read the Third time.

The Proviso, in pursuance of the Order made Yesterday, was brought in; and read the First, Second, and Third time; and agreed to be added at' the End of the Bill:

And some other Amendments being agreed upon to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that Sir Thomas Metres do carry back the Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Glascock and Sir John Coell;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords return you the Bill for settling the Imposition on Brandy; with a Proviso; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed to the Bill of Naturalization of Horatio Woodhouse, and others, without any Alteration or Amendment: Also, That they agree, with this House, to their adhering to Five Horses to draw at Length, as to Bill for the Repair of Highways: Also, That they have agreed to the Amendments sent up, from this House, to the Bill for advancing the Sale of Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents: And that the House of Lords intend to sit tli is Afternoon at Four of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee to whom the Privilege. Petition of Mrs. Humes was committed, '1 hat they had, in Pursuance of the Order of Re-commitinent, examined the whole Matter of Fact thereby directed, relating to Sir John Prettiman s protecting, and moving the House for

giving Privilege to, Robert Humes, as his menial Serv mt.

Upon stating whereof to the House, it appealed, that the House had been ill-dealt with by Sir John

in his concealing the Truth of the Case; and that Humes wa3 released out of Prison, from Actions depending against him, by the Miscarriage of Sir John Prettiman, as his menial Servant; when, in truth, he was not.

Sir John Prettiman being withdrawn into the Speaker’s Chambers;

Resolved, &c. nemine contradicente, That Sir A Member Prettiman be suspended his sitting in this House, and from all Privileges, as a Member thereof, until he shall ol produce Robert Humes. Privilege.

Resolved, &c. That he be called to the Bar of this House; and receive, from Mr. Speaker,. this Sentence upon his Knees.

The House being informed, that the said Sir John Prettiman was not to be found in the Speaker’s Chambers;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring the said Sir John Prettiman to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, to receive his Sentence, as aforesaid.

Resolved, Sic. That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Back-door of Chambers be nailed up; and not opened during any chambers to Sessions of Parliament. be nailed up.

Post Meridiem.

THE Proviso, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill for settling an Imposition upon Brandy, was read the First, Second, and Third time; and agreed unto.

The House then resumed the Debate on the Bill for regulating the making of Brandy in England-, and prohibiting the Importation of foreign Brandy:

And, having heard Alderman Bucknall, and others, and several Distillers, at the Bar of the House, thereunto;

Sabbati, 9* die Aprilis, 1670.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to prevent the Importation of so- Supply Bill; reign Brandy; and to give a Recompence to his Puty, ou

Majesty for his Duty thereupon.....: And, after Bran y‘

several Amendments made at the Table;

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Importation of foreign Brandy; and to give a Recompence to his Majesty lor his Duty thereupon:

And that Colonel Birch do carry up the Bill: And put Lords re-the Lords in mind of the Bill concerning jurors; and the minded of Bill against spiriting away of Children.

The

22 Car. II.

ii

Aprilis.

London.

Entry to be made in Journal.

Members frotic lions.

1<U.:

’ Duchy of

y.,1 Cornwall

IT / / Leasing.

'O’ Union with bcoilauL

Strode’s

Estate.

leak: it SbS- Davison's

.ed!: Estate.

Lords intend to sit.

k-tote

iM

rr.ieia

itu

Rebuilding

London,

)lvS* ' 00 4

Duchy of Cornwall Leasing.

Searching ef Wines.

s reed oi

The House proceeded upon the Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill for rebuilding the City of London: W hich, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to, saving only the Proviso marked (E), relating to Serjeants Inn, in Fleet-street: Which being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed to, with this Amendment: Add, in the 'l entil Line of the Proviso, alter the \\ ord " impowered," " and to order and decree such Recompence and Satisfaction."

Ordered, That it be referred to Col. Birch, Sir Mtercs, Col. Reames, Mr. Coleman, Col. Talbott, to see a true Entry made in the Journal of the Matters concerning Sir John Prettiman.

Resolved, &c. That no Member of this House do grant any Protection to any but such only as are their menial Servants: And that all Protections already granted to any other Persons besides menial Servants, be forthwith withdrawn, and called in.

Resolved, &c. That all Protections, and written Certificates, of the Members of this House, be declared void in Law; and be forthwith withdrawn, and called in; and that none be granted for the future; and that the Privilege of Members for their menial Servants be observed according to Law: And that, if any menial Servant shall be arrested and detained contrary to Privilege, he shall, upon Complaint thereof made, be discharged by Order from the Speaker.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir John Halsey;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill to enable his Majesty to let Leases of his Duchy Lands in Cornwall, with some Alterations and Amendments; to

which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

We are also commanded to acquaint this honourable House, That their Lordships have agreed to the Proviso, sent up by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act authorizing certain Commissioners of the Realm of England, to treatWith Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weal of both Kingdoms.

Also, That they have agreed to the Amendments, sent up by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act concerning the disposing of a House and Lands belonging to the Sisters and Coheirs of Margarett Strode: And,

That they have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Davison to sell Lands, to pay Debts, and provide for younger Children, without any Alteration or Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir

John Halsey;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they intend to sit this Afternoon.

And then House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

*57

Hen. Newton, Mr. Tanner, Sir Jonath. Trctawny, Sir Court. Poole, Mr. Guy, Col. Reames, Mr. Seymour, Mr Neale, Col. Talbott, Mr. Milward, Sir Edm. Windham,

Sir Wm.Coventry, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Thomas, Mr.

Pleydall, Col. Kirby, Sir Wm. Fleetwood: And they are to meet on Monday next at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Harbord do carry up the Duchy of Bill concerning Duchy Lands: And do put the Lords Cornwall in mind of the Bill concerning Jurors. Leasing, &c.

Resolved, &c. That a Day be given to Sir John Pret- Time ap-timan to appear, and receive the Judgment of the House pointed for

against him. fnenra^ainst

Resolved, 8cc.That the Day be the Second Tuesday at a Member, the next Meeting after the Recess.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Post Meridiem.

A MESS AG E from the Lords, by #

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this honourable House, that they have agreed to the Amendment in the Proviso, marked (E), concerning Serjeants Inn in Fleet-street, in the Bill concerning the City of London.

The House proceeded upon the Amendments, sent down by the Lords, to the Bill concerning the Duchy of Cornwall: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed unto; and afterwards read the Third time.

A Bill concerning the Searching and Essay of Wines was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Lane.

Lake, Sir John Coriton, Col. Birch. Sir Bassett, Sir Lllc

Robert Carr, Sir Tho. Mecres, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Ships to Pirates, V O L.IK.

Luna, 11° die Aprilis, 1670.

Prayers.

SIR Anthony Irby reports from the Committee for Fee* in the Out Ports, several Tables of Fees, agreed be- Out-port* tween the Merchants and Officers: W hich he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, See. That the several Tables of Fees, reported by the Committee, and signed by the Chairman, be ingrossed; and signed by Mr. Speaker; and attested by the Clerk of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Glascocke Lords desire and Sir John Coell\ aConference.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a Conference with this House, at Ten of the Clock this Morning, upon the Bill concerning Shipping.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to the Conference at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, & c. That these Members following do attend the Conference; Mr. Wren, Col. Birch, Mr. Love, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Buscouen, Sir Geo. Downing, Col.

Strode, Mr. Crowch, Col. Talbott, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Aid- Bence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Glascocke, Bills returned and Sir John Coell; from Lord*.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for Sale of Sir John Prettiman s Lands; and the Bill concerning Jurors; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Conference with Conference the Lords, the Amendments by them made, and deli- °"Pirate* vered at the Conference, to the Bill to prevent the Deli- 1 very of Merchants Ships to Pirates; and the Reasons given for the Amendments: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Which, being twice read, the Two first were, upon the Question, agreed; and the rest were not agreed to.

The House resumed the Debate of the Amendments Prettyman’* to the Bill concerning the Sale of Sir Pretty mans, Debt to Lands: Which, being twice read, were, upon the Ques- <*rown-tien, severally agreed to; and, being read a Third time, ordered to be inserted: And Sir John Birkenhead to cany it up to the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House resumed the Debate of the Amend- Pirate*, ments to the Bill to prevent the Delivery up of English

Rr

Resolved)

158 11° Apr His. — 240 — 27 A. 1670.

Jurors.

Pyrates.

Message to attend the King.

Adjourn-

ment.

Message to attend the

Kuig.

Poole Writ.

Resolved, See. That a Conference'be desired with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill to prevent the Delivery up of English Ships to Pyrates: And that the former Managers do prepare Reasons.

Resolved, See. That the Debate of the Amendments to the Rill concerning Jurors be adjourned.

Sir John Talbott reports the Reasons agreed to be offered at the Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill to prevent the Delivery up of Ships to Pyrates.

A. Message from the Lords, by Sir John Eylon, Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this House to attend him forthwith in his House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords.

Mr. Speaker reports the effect of his Majesty's Speech: and that it was his Majesty’s Pleasure the House Should adjourn till the Twenty-fourth of October next.

And accordingly the House adjourned till the Twenty-fourth of October next.

Lima,24° die Ol6?0.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from his Majesty, by Sir John Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to wait upon his Majesty in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House with the Effect of the Speeches delivered by his Majesty; and by the Lord Keeper, by his Majesty’s Command: Which,* being in Writing, was also read to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, of the Death ot Sir John Fitz James, Knight, who lately served as a Member of this House for the Town of Poole; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for the Election of a Burgess, for the said Town, to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper East Retford of the G reat Seal of England, of the Death of Sir [fjord ut* Clifton, who served as a Member of this House for the Borough of East Retford in the County of Nottingham; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for the Election of a Burgess, for the said Borough, . to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived, and do sit Committees, after Thursday next, in the places formerly appointed.

Resolved, &c. That the House be adjourned to A(ijouni-

dny Morning next: And that they will then take into meat. Consideration the Speech of his Majesty; and the Speech delivered by the Lord Keeper, by his Majesty’s Command.

Jovis, 27° die Odobris, 1670.

All ILL for regulating the making of Cloth, was read ciotU-the Second time. making.

Resolved, Kc. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solo.

Swale, Sir John Knight, Colonel R catties, Colonel Gray,

Mr. Spry, Mr Otuay, Sir Jonalh.Trclczeny, Sir

gre re, Col. Titus, 'Six Charles Harbord, Sir

Sir John Heath, Sir Win. Coventry, Colonel Mr.

Coir, Mr. Hide, Sir John Janet her, Mr. Sir Anth.

Irby, Sir Earn. Windham, Mr. Mar leySir Tho. Allen, Colonel Birch, Sir Wm.Lewis, Six Robert Atkins, Six.Onslow,

Mr. Crouch, Colonel Rigby, Mr. Jones, Colonel

Sir Wm.Thompson: And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to inspect the several Acts in being, relating to Trade: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to in- Bills de-spect the Bills that were depending and not passed last Session; and to bring in a List of them to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Wm.Lewis, Sir Cha.

Colonel Ret nnes, Mr. Rigby, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Jonath.

Trelazeny, Sir Wm. Kil/egreio, Mr. Dcverau.v, Sir Robert

Atkins, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Cotton, Sir Pettus; or any Three of them: And they are to meet on next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

A Bill for planting of Hemp and Flax, was read the j]emp First time. Flux

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time, on planting.

Monday next.

Medona Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper

Writ. of the Great Seal of England, of the Death of John Sicle-more Esquire, who lately served as a Member of this House for the Borough of Gippi, alias Medona, in the County of Suffolk; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for the Election of a Burgess, for the said Borough, to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Wilts Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, of the Death of Sir James Thyii, who lately served as a Member of this House for the County of Wilts, desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for the Election of a Knight, for the said County, to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Melcombe Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper lleys Writ, of the C Jreat Seal of England, of the Death of Sir William Pen, Knight, who lately served as a Member of this House for the Borough of Meleomb Regis in the County of Dorsett; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for the Election of a Burgess, for the said Borough, to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Resolved, Sec. That a Committee be appointed to in- Plantation spect the Act of Navigation; and to bring in a Bill for Trade, preserving and improving the Plantation Trade.

And it is referred to Sir Geo. Dozening, Col. Birch, Mr.

Love, Col. Titus, Sir Edzv. Massey, Sir Sir

Cha. Harbord, Sir Win.Thompson, Col. Sir

Win. Coventry; or any Three of them: And they are to meet on Monday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, Sc. c. That a Committee be appointed to in- importing spect the Act against importing foreign Corn; and to Corn, consider of the Motion made for preventing the bringing in Corn upon Horses from Scotland.

And it is referred to Sir Solo.Szcale, Sir Temple, Mr.

Deverau.r, Sir Phil.Musgrave, Sir Wm. Coventry, Cel.

Kirtby, Col. Birch, Sir John Lozether, Sir John Pt. tins. Lord

Allington, Col. Gray, Lord A iterant, Harbord, and

all the Members that serve for the Northern Counties; and the Members of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet on Monday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records: And to report the State of th®

Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

16 Ordered,

22 Car. IT. 270 — 31° Octolris. — 30 Novembris. 159

Liverpool* Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper

Writ of the Great Seal of England, of the Death of Mr. Stanley,

who lately served as Member of this House for the Borough. of Liverpoole in the County of Lancaster; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for the Election of a Burgess for the said Borough, to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Supply. The House then took his Majesty’s Speech; and the Speech delivered by his Command by the Lord Keeper: Which being again read;

fResolved, upon the Question, Nemine That the King be supplied, proportionable to his present ''Occasions.

Estimates. Ordered, That a List be brought in, of the particular Debts of his Majesty, at Interest, by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, on Monday next.

Ordered, That an Estimate be brought in by the Treasurers of the Navy, on Monday next, of the Charge of the Navy; and the Time for which it is made.

Committees. Resolved, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 31° Oclobris, 1670.

what; and to whom the Monies are owing; and report the State of the Matter to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Garraway Mr, Sir Thorn. Meeres, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Lewis, Mr.

Pleydall, Col. Titus, Sir Phil.IVancick Sir Nidi. Carew,

Sir Thomas Lee, Col. IVindham, Sir John Sir

Cha. Harbord, Mr Weld, Sir Wilt. Lowther, Mr. Waller,

Sir Job Charleton, Sir Will.Coventry, Sir Robert Steward,

Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Knight, Sir Brampstm,

Sir Hump. Winch, Sir John Coventry, Mr. Mr.

Edward Seymore, Mr. Love, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Mr. Cheney,

Sir EliabHarvey, Mr. Sprye, Mr WrigAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber: And to proceed with all possible Speed; and hasten their Report as far as they can, by Thursday next: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, See. That the House will resolve into a Supply; Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

I;

Ordered, That the Commissioners and Officers of the p«tie»on Customs do bring in a Particular to the House, of such om‘

foreign Commodities imported, on which there is no.

Imposition, and such as are low rated.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except Committees, the Committee appointed to inspect the Lists of Debts and Accounts.

Privilege.

Praters.

ORDERED, That A spry Gentleman,

Thomas Cent-dell, and Edwaan Attorney at

Law, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for their Breach of Privilege, in arresting the menial Servant of Mr. a Member of this House; and seizing and driving aw.iv the Sheep of the sakl Mr. Jaye; and entering Judgment against him; and disturbing his Possession, since the last Recess of the House.

A Petition of Sir John P ret toman being tendered to Prettyman’s the House; Petition.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir John Prettyman be read on Thursday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Jovis, 3° 1670.

Prayers.

Privilege. Ordered, That John Durant of Horse-

courser, be sent for, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for his Breach of Privilege, in affronting and abusing Mr. a

Member of this House, with reviling and provoking Language, and uttering contemptuous anil abusive Words against the Honour and Justice of this House.

Hemp and A Bill for the planting of Hemp and Flax was read Flax the Second time.

Planting. Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Knight, Ix>rd Richardson, Sir Irby, Dr. Burnell,

Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Thomas Mr. Clarke, Mr.

Mountague, Sir William Coventry, Sir Sir John Pet (us, Sir Charles Herbord, Sir

Sir Thom. Gcrwer, Mr. Garraway, Sir John Ernely, Mr. Seymour, Colonel Reymes, Mr. Sir Thom. Allen,

Sir John Lowther, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Mr.

Sir Geo. Downing, Colonel Birch, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Weld, Sir Will.Lewis, Sir Thorn. Sir Thom. Mccres,

Air. Buscawen, Mr. Serj. Maynard: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to consider of the Debates and Proposals of the House: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Estimate! The House then, in order to his Majesty's Supply, did »«i Ac- proceed upon the Lists of his Majesty’s Debts; and the Estimate of the Charges of the Navy; both brought in, according to the Direction of former Orders:

Which were both read to the House.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to ;Sfispect the Estimate, List of Debts, and Accounts, ij brought in from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, ! and the Treasurers of the Navy; and to examine the ! Particulars; how the Debts were contracted, and for Vql. IX.

ABILL for settling the Manor of in the Ilamond’*

County of Bucks in Trustees, for the raising Por- s a e* tiens, and providing Maintenance for the Daughter of Robert Humond Esquire deceased, w as read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time on Moiulay Morning next.

A Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, Artificers, ^cer^"t^0’n Victuallers, and others, in and about the City of London, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be taken into further Consideration, after the King’s Business is put into a Method of Dispatch.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Jurors, sent up to Jurors* the Lords, and the Amendments sent down from the , Lords, be taken into Consideration some Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee for Inspection of Bills Bl"s do sit this Afternoon. depend, ng’

A Bill for Sale of Lands, to pay the Debts of Robert Houghton’s Houghton Esquire, was read. Estate.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for improving the Navigation between Boston Boston and the River Trent w as read: Navigation.

But, being to lay a Toll; and brought in without Leave; For Preservation of the Orders of the House,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Tomorrow Morning, for improving the Navigation between Boston and the River Trent.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter Plantation concerning the Plantation Trade was committed be Trade, revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

Ordered,

Committees.

Seaforth

Election.

Estimates and Accounts.

Supply.

Committees.

Boston

Navigation.

Privilege.

Williams’s

Estate.

Hall’s Estate.

Duties on foreign Commodities.

160

3° — 40 — 70 Novembris. 1670.

Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

A Petition of Robert Morley Esquire being tendered, and opened to the House;

Ordered, That the Petition of Mr. Morley be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the whole Matter in Difference concerning the Election for Seaforth; and to report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Committee appointed to inspect the Lists of his Majesty’s Debts, the Estimate of the Charge of the Navy, and Accounts delivered in to the House from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and Treasurers of the Navy, the State of the Proceedings of the Committee, as far as the Time will give them Leave: Which, being in Writing, in several Papers, were opened; and read to the House, in Order: And after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker leaves the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins takes the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; but, as yet, had no particular Matter to report to the House.

Resolved, That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Veneris,4° Novembris, 1670.

Prayers.

A BILL for improving the Navigation between Boston and the River Trent, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Bameby Bowtell be sent for, in Custody

of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for his Breach of Privilege, in causing Henry Goreing, a Member of this House, to be served with a Subpoena to appear in the Court of Chancery.

A Bill on the Behalf of Henry Williams Esquire, for settling certain Fen Lands, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Benedict Hall Esquire to sell certain Lands to pay Debts, was read.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Sir John Talbot, 1 v -

Sir Baynam Throgmorton, J ^or ^ie ^eas’ 5 Mr. Herbert, j XT

Mr. Vaughan, } for the Noes, 5>

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir John Shaw, in pursuance of the Order of the House, delivered in, from the Farmers and Officers of the

Customs, a Particular of such Goods and Merchandizes, as may bear a further Imposition.

Resolved, That this Particular be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House for his Majesty’s. Supply.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker leaves the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins takes the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply: And moved, from the Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Monday Morning next Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House on Monday Morning next Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday next Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Lima, 7* Novembris, 1670.

Praters.

ABIL L on the Behalf of Sir Philip and Manufacture

Francis Watson, for Encouragement of an English for Pre‘ Manufacture for Preservation of Shipping, was read. p*1"8 ip* Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill on the Behalf of Henry Williams Esquire, for Williams’* settling certain Fen Lands, was read the Second time. Estate.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Price, Lord Richardson, Sir Thom.

Proby, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Edm. Seymour, Sir Philip Howard, Sir FretzvileHolies, Mr. CrouchMr

Colonel Sandys, Sir Will. Doyley, Sir 'Thom. Allen, Sir Emeley, Sir Edm. Borwyer, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Will.

Lowther, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir John Mr.

Walden, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Will.Hayward, Sir Talbott, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Char. Herbert, Sir Robert Steward, Lord Inchinbrooke, Sir John Mr.

Coventrye, Sir Thom. Lee, Colonel Lord Fitz-

williams, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Thom.

Littleton, Sir Thom. Clifford, Sir Nicholas Carew, Sir John

Cotton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Garrauny, Sir

Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Secretary Trevor, Colonel Birch,

Mr. Weld, Mr. Pinpoint, Sir Thom. Metres, Mr. wood, and all the Members that serve for the Five adjacent Counties: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to summon and hear all Persons concerned: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent the Couzenage of Servants, was read Fraud* by the First time. Set vast*.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Sale of the Lands and Estate of Sir Henry Williams, Baronet, to pay Debts, and make Provision for his Children, w as read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Price, Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr -Grey, Mr. Ford, Mr. Sir John Cower t,

Colonel Birch, Sir John Knight, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Talbot, Mr. MUxcard, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Phillipps, Col. Williams, Sir

Irby,

Sir H.

Williams’s

Estate.

dr,

fecsie

M

IB*

ns'i

'll Car. II. 70 — t o° Novembris.

Irby, Mr. Mountague, Sir Thorn. Lord

son, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sir Char. Herbert, Mr.

Streete, Sir Thom.Littleton, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Barneby, Sir Thom. Hanmer, S ix Thom. Chicheley, Sir Robert

ham, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Brecon, Worcester, and all the Welsh Counties; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And to summon the Creditors to come in by a Day, and make their Debts appear: And to cause a List of their Debts to be annexed, and made a Part of the Bill: And to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Houghton’s A Bill for Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Debts of Estate- Robert Houghton Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Lord Richardson, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Norton Knatchbold, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Mr.

Jey, Mr. Weld, Lord Ancram, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Steward, Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Thomas Proby, Sir Robert Barneham, Sir Thom. Hanmer, Sir

Lowther, Sir Char.Herbert, Lord Lord chinbrooke, Sir Will. Doyley, Mr. and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of Suff olke,

and Sussex: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Soppiy-

Jdjacra-

meet.

/The House then resolved into a Committee of the ^vhole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of /his Majesty’s Supply. j Mr. Speaker loft the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee. f Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports, that the Committee had made

some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and moved, from the Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House on Thursday Morning next, fen of the Clock, to proceed in the turther Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, That the House shall be adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Eight of the Clock; and that all Committees be adjourned till Thursday Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Novembris, 16?0. Praters.

Hamowrs A BI L L for settling the Manor of with the

tiuu. ./i. Appurtenances, and other Lands in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, for the raising Portions, and providing Maintenance, for the Daughters of Robert Hamond, was read the Seconil time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Trevor, Mr. Grenvile, Sir Bainham Throgmorton, Sir Lcndher, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Mr. Knowles, Mr. Streete, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Sir Char.

Harbord, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Sir Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Rich.Ingolsby, Sir Fretzrile Holies, Sir Solomon Swale, Colonel Whitley, Sir Lends, Sir

Will.Doyley, Mr. Rigby, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Coventry, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Weld, Sir Thom. Mr.

Jey, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Robert Mr. Packer,

Lord Gorge, Sir Thom. Higgon, Mr. Sir Edw.

Harlow, Mr. Collingwood, Lord Richardson, Mr

Sir John Fagg, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Strickland, Sir Char. Harbord: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. -Voi. IX.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Thomas Allen, Sir John Knight, Mr. Crouch, Sir William Lowther, Sir Anthony Irby, Colonel Reames, Sir John BSir Hanmer, or any Tw o of them, to examine who were the Authors, Printers, and Dispersers, of the seditious Book, delivered near the Door of the House of Commons this Morning.

Ordered, That the Persons, who dispersed the seditious Books at the Door this Morning, be seized, and detained in the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns, in order to their further Examination, and Punishment.

A Bill for improving the Navigation between Boston Boston and the River Trent, was read the Second time. Navigation,

Resolved, &c. That this Bill he committed to Sir Harbord, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Robert Carr, Mr.

Doyle, Sir William Lewis, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Marvell, Sir John Moreton, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr.

Williams, Sir John Berkenhcad, Sir Sir

Edxv. Masters, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Doyley, Sir

John Hickman, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Grey, Mr. Bartu,

Sir John Talbot, Mr. Pinpoint, Mr. Rigby, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Clarke, and all the Members that serve for Yorkeshire, Lincolne, and Nottingham: And they are to

meet at Tw o of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill on the Behalf of Sir Phillip and Francis Manufacture

Watson, for encouraging an English Manufacture for Pre for Pr)eserv*

servation of Shipping, was read the Second time. lp"

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Colonel

Reames, Sir John Lowelher, Sir Jo Moreton, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr.

Andrew Newport, Lord Ancram, Sir Robert Holmes, Sir

Robert Hoxcard, Sir Rich. Temple, Six 1'hom. Co-

lonel Kirby, Mr. Knvllcs, Sir John BirkenSir Goxver, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Geo. Mr

Sir John Knight, Mr. Emch, Mr. Rigby, Sir Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Mr. Collingwood, Sir Fretzvile Hollis, Mr. J\Mr. Scymoure,

Mr. Jay, Sir Tho. Strickland, Mr. Grenvile, Lord St.John,

Sir Thom. Osborne, Mr. fTaller, Mr. Strickland, and all the Merchants of the House; and all that serve for any Port Town: And that they do send for the Masters of Trinity House, or any other Persons skilled in the Affairs of this Nature, lor their Advice and Opinion herein:

And they are to meet at Tw o of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable Benedict Hall Esquire to sell Lands for Hall’s Estate* Payment of his Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sc. That the Bill he committed to Sir Bainham Ihrogmorton, Sir Edxv.Masters, Sir Dolman,

Mr. Otway, Sir Thom. Alien, Sir Robert Hoxcard, Sir Coventry, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Knight, Mr. Jay,

Colonel Reames, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Rigby, Sir John

Talbot, Sir Allen Brodericke, Sir JosTredinham, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. Weld, Mr. Streete, Mr. Price, and all the Members that serve for the said Counties of Oxon,

Gloucester, and Bucks: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent the Cozenage of Servants, was read Frauds by the Second time. Servants.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Will.

Coventry, Sir Bainham Throgmorton, Sir Franc. Clarke, Sir Will. Lowther, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Rigby, Sir John

Coryton, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Neuport, Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir John Loxvther, Mr. Waller, Lord Mr.

Dozcdeszcell, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Lucy, Sir Meeres,

Mr. Low, Sir John Knight, Mr. MorricColonel Reymes,

Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Maynard,

Sir John Talbot, Sir John Hanme)', Sir Lends, Mr.

Crouch, Lord Richardson, Sir Thom. Gower, Colonel Titus,

Mr. Sprye, Sir Thorn. Allen, Mr. Jay, Lord Hinchinbroke,

S s Mr,

162

i o° — 110 N

A. 1670.

Mr. Ashley :And all that shall come are to have Voices: A Bill for regulating the making of Stuffs in the Town Kiddemish-

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was read ste1' Sluffs» in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, the First time.

Papers, and Records. Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

YorkeWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk of the Crown, 8yc. for electing a new Knight to serve for the County of Yorke, instead of Sir John

Sir H. Ordered, That Sir Francis Low ley, Sir Edw. Littleton,

"W llliams's ]\Jr, Weld, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Sir John Hanmcr,

Estate. f>e added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Sir Henry Williams was committed.

Privilege. Ordered, That Sir Richard Cole, Richa)'d Lamerton, and

Thom. Coning, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, for their Breach of Privilege, making a forcible Entry upon the House and Land of Mr. Ihnry Seymoure, a Member of this House, at Lanracke in Cornwall and turning his Servants out of Possession.

The Petition of John Durant, now in Custody of the Privilege — Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being tendered; Petition from Ordered, That the said Petition be read at Ten of the a ,"rs.°"

Clock in the Morning.

custody.

The Petition of Sir John Prettyman Knight, was read. SirJ.Pretty-The Petition of Elizabeth Humes was also read. 40 Resolved, kc. That the Serjeant at Arms attending this receive

House do, according to former Order, bring Sir John ° Prettyman to tire Bar of this House on Monday Morning next, to receive the Judgment of the House against him.

Ordered, That the Report of Sir John Knight, con- Papers discerning the seditious Books dispersed at the Door, be ,h*

made Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. I And then the House resolved into a Committee of the J whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

/ Mr. Speaker leaves the Chair, j Sir Robert Atkins takes the Chair of the Committee, j Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

I Sir Robert Atkins reports from the Committee of the

j whole House, that the Committee had made some further

<- ' Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply;

i and humbly moved, from the Committee, that the House

’ would resolve again into a Committee Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, kc. That this House doth agree with the i Committee, That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning Ten of the \ Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, discontinued, be renewed; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Importing Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Matter of ^urn’ the Importation of Corn is committed, be revived; and

do sit Tommorrow' in the Afternoon, at the Place formerly appointed.

IlcugUton’s Ordered, That Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Thom. Dol-^iUce‘ man, Mr. Bainton, Mr. Seymour, Sir Allen Sir

Edw. Hungerford, Sir John Earnely, Sir Bassett, Sir

Robert}leeward, be added to the Committee to w hom the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Houyhton is committed.

Estate mS ’ Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Coun-

ties of Salop and Worcester, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill on the Behalf of the Lady Williams is committed.

Fees in Out-ports.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Berkley, and Mr. be added to the Committee for settling the Custom Fees in the Out Ports.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 11° die Novembris, 1670.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of his. Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.:

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply; and came to these Two Resolu- ! tiens; viz.

That, towards the King's Supply, there be an additional j Excise of Fifteen-pence upon every Barrel of strong Beer, ‘ and Ale; and Six-pence upon every Barrel of small Beer, and Ale; brewed by the common Brewer and Retailor; \ and a Moiety more, of the Duty upon all other exciseable Liquors:

That if any Person inhabiting any House w ithin a Corporation, or within Distance thereof, in which

House there hath been no brewing within time last

past, that That Person shall not be permitted to brew , during the Time tlvat the additional Excise shall be paid, 1 -w ithout being liable to the Payment of the said Duty:

And humbly moved from the said Committee, that a Bill may be brought in pursuant to these Votes.

Resolved, kc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That towards the King's Supply there be an additional Excise of Fifteen Pence upon every Barrel of strong Beer, and Ale; and Six Pence upon every Barrel of small Beer, and Ale; brew ed by the common Brewer: and Retailer; and a Moiety more, of the Duty upon all j other exciseable Liquors. i

Resolved, kc. That if any Person inhabiting in any House within a Corporation, or w ithin Distance

thereof, in which House there hath been no brew ing w ithin. , time last past, that That Person shall not be permitted to brew during the Time that the additional Excise shall be paid, without being liable to the Payment of the said Duty: And that a Bill be brought in pursuant to; these Votes: And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, > Sir Robert Howard, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Thom. Meeres, j Colonel Birch, and Mr. Garraway, to prepare and bring in a Bill accordingly. j

Resolved, kc. That this House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House To-mom>\v Morning Ten of ' the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply. j

Prayers.

Lindsey jQ RD E RED, That the Committee to whom the Bill

Level. *-/ concerning Lindsey Level Fenn is committed, be

revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed; only to receive the Testimony of Summons of the Country, and to adjourn the Hearing of the Cause till Monday Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And Col. Kirby, Mr Sir Hugh

Windham, Sir Fran. Windham, Mr. Grey, Mr. Figby, and Mr. Trelawny, are added to the said Committee.

14

Ordered, That Lord Castleton, Mr. Eyre, Mr. William- Williams* son, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Mr. MarvellSir Estate.

lyn, Mr Streete, Mr. Milward, Sir Joh Newton, Sir

Talbot, Mr. Musgrave, Colonel Kirby, Sir Sir Theoph. Biddolph, Sir Will. Coventry, be added to the Committee to which the Bill of Henry Esquire,

for settling certain Fen Lands, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Will. Terringham, Mr. James, Sir Lindsey Edmund Bowyer} and Mr. Evelyn, be added to the Level.

Committee

K

'H u

it

1«

te.

22 Car. II. 11° — 12° — 140 Novembris.

163

Committee to whom the Bill concerning Lindsey Level is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 12° die , 1670.

Prayers.

Servants not f\RD ERED, That no Lacquey, or Footman, be-

to stand on longing to any Member of the House, or other the Stairs Gentleman’s Servant, do hereafter presume to stand upon any Part of the Stairs leading up to this House: And in case any of them shall do contrary hereunto, such Lacquey, or Footman, is to be sent to the House ot Correction: And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is to see this Order put in Execution.

And it is further Ordered, that this Order be set up at the farther Door of the Lobby.

Outffood A Bill on the Behalf of Sir Christopher for

Common, improving the Common of in the County of

Yorke, was read the First time.

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Making A Bill for regulating the making of Serges was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Frauds by Ordered, That the Committee to w'hom the Bill to pre-Strvants. vent the Cozenage of Servants is committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock in the Place formerly appointed: And that Lord Allington, Mr. Sprye, Six Thom. Allen, Mr. Sir

head, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Maynard, Sir

and all the Members that serve for the County of Hall’s Estate, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill on the Behalf of Benedict Hall Esquire, was committed.

Privileee of The House being informed, that a Motion is intended

a Member in foe made in the High Court of Chancery, in a Cause

1there depending, w herein Charles Cornwallis Esquire a Member of this House, is concerned, at the Suit of John Digby Esquire;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Cornwallis be allow ed his Privilege as a Member of this House; and that no Proceeding be in the said Cause during the Session of Parliament.

O o

Privilege — The House took into Consideration the Petition oiJohn a person dm- Ditrant, now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for Sfr°m hisBreach of Privilege, in affronting and abusing Mr. Bartu, a Member of this House, with reviling and provoking Language, and uttering contemptuous and abusive Words against the Honour and Justice of this House.

Resolved, That he be brought to the Bar of this House: and, upon his Knees, ask the Pardon of this House.

He was brought in; and begged his Pardon accordingly: And, being represended by the Speaker, was afterwards withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said John Durant, now in the Cus-dody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged from his Commitment, paying his Fees.

Papers dis- Sir John Knight reports from the Committee appointed persedatthe to examine the Authors, Printers, and Dispersers of the seditious Books delivered at the Door of the House, that the Committee had examined the Persons in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, who delivered the same; and that the said Persons, not only refused to discover the Authors and Printers thereof; but, in their Carriage before the Committee, were very contemptuous and abusive; and that the Matter contained in the Books were very libellous and seditious.

Resolved, See.That the Matter of this Report be taken into Consideration on Thursday Morning next.

Supply.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole

Vol. IX.

House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply; and humbly moved, that the House w ould resolve into aConnnittee of the w hole House on Motulay Morning next Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That all Committees that were appointed to Committee*, sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday Two of the Clock in the Aiternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Die Lunar, 14° Novembris, l6?0.

Prayers.

f!tOUN Demeraude Gentleman was called in, and sworn J at the Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill enabling the Guardians of Janies, Adam, and Byron’s John Byron, to make Leases of Tenements, usually de- Estate, mised, v\as read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for regulating the making of Stuffs in the Town Kiddermin-of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was read ster Stulls, the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Col.

Sandys, Sir John Moreton, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Jay,

Sir John Coriion, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Streete, Mr. Morris, Sir Thom. Honmcr, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Weld, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir Thom. Goner, Sir Solom, Sic ale, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Brampston, Col.

Reames, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Corey, Sir John Pettits, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Thom. Iliggons, Mr. Russell, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Jonath. Trelaieny, Mr. Palmer, Col. Phil-lipps, Mr. Eyre, Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Mor rice. Sir John Shaw, Air. lord. Sir John lleath, Sir Charles liar hard, and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of It or-ccster, Hereford, Gloucester, Yorke, Stafford, and I Tilts:

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the (T ock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being acquainted, That Timothy Privilege.

borough, a menial Servant to Mr. Russell, a Member of this House, was arrested at the Suit of Thomas Cooke and John Taylor, in the time of the present Session of Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Cooke and Jo be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for their Contempt, in arresting the said Timothy Scardborough, the menial Servant of the said Mr. Russell, contrary to the Privilege of this House.

In pursuance of the former Order of this House, Sir Sir J. Pretty-John Pettyman was, by the Serjeant at Arms, brought man receives to the Bar of the House; who there upon his Knees, re- JudSment-ceived from Mr. Speaker, the Judgment and Sentence of the House, for his being suspended sitting in this House, and of all Privileges, as a Member thereof, until he shall produce Robert Humes.

Resolved, &c. That Sir JohnP be heard at

the Bar of this House, on Monday next, upon his Petition, and the Petition of Mrs. Humes, both formerly read; and tha,t the Serjeant do give them Notice hereof.

The

1

Supply*

Outwood

Common*

Hemp and Flax planting.

Committees on Publick Bill*.

Dufieild

Frith.

Jurisdiction ef Lords.

1X64 i4°'-i50 —

j The House then resolved iilto a Committee of the "'hole House for the King s Supply.

Mr. Speaker leaves the Chair.

Mr. Seymour takes the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they

had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and moved from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mortis, 15° Nove1670.

Prayers.

'J'llecdore Russell did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill on the Behalf of Sir Christopher Clupham, for improving of the Common of Outwood, in the County of Yorhc, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Rigby, Sir Francis Goodriche, Col Mr. Mr.

Noel, Lord AUington, Mr. Grey, Sir Churchill,

Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Moreton, Sir Swale,

Sir Thom Allen, Sir Thom. MeercsMr. Lord

Richardson, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Otway, Sir Sir John Heath, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Norton, Mr. Jay, Mr. Garraway, Mr Corey, Sir Mr.

Arts, Mr. Hobbt/, Sir John Newton, Col. Sir ITUI.

Farmer, Lord Fanshmc, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Yorke, Lincoand And

they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to take care that Notice be given to all Persons concerned.

Ordered, That all the Members of the Long Robe, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the planting and sowing of Hemp and Flax is committed.

Ordered, That Mondays and Fridays be appointed for the only sitting of Committees to whom publick Bills are committed; and that no private Committee do sit on the said Days.

A Bill for confirming a Decree concerning the Settlement of DujfcildFrith in Derbyshire was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that the House of Lords had passed some Orders concerning the Lord Newburgh his Possession of certain Lands in:

The said Orders were read; the one dated the Tenth, the other the Fourteenth of November instant.

Resolved, That this Business concerning the Lord burgh be referred to a Committee, to examine and state the whole Matter, and to report the same to the House Tomorrow Morning; viz. 'Six Francis Goodriche, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Robert Howard, Sir

Louther, Mr. Garraway, Sir Anthony Irby, Lord bury, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Williams, Sir Edw. Thitr-land, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Rennet, Sir Thom. Meeres, Mr. Milward, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thom.

16° Novembris. A. 1670.

Gower, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir -

bord. Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Coleman, Sir 7 Higgons, Mr. King, Sir Will. LeSir Sir John Rarneby, and all the Members of the Long Robe; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then resolved into a Committee for the Supply. King’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and moved from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that this House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply. '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Novembris, 1670.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Sir Privilege of

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was ^’rr^an Ut lately served with a Subpoena in a Cause depending in the High Court of Chancery, wherein Philip Nicholas the elder, Andrew Nicholas Esquire, Eduard Nicholas the elder, Philip Nicholas the younger, and f William Nicholas,

Sons of Philip Nicholas the elder, who w ere formerly committed, are Plaintiffs, and the said Sir James Defendant;

Ordered, That the said Sir James Norfolhe be allowed his Privilege during the Session of Parliament; and that the said Philip Nicholas the elder, Nicholas

Esquire, Edward Nicholas the elder, the

younger, and William Nicholas, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, or his Deputy or Deputies, for their Contempt in subpoenaing the said Sir James Norfolhe in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill on the Relief of Behalf of the truly loyal indigent Officers was committed indigent be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place for- (",li‘cw’s* merly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Bill* depend* Bills formerly depending be revived; and to sit this After- "l6* noon in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Bill formerly depending, enabling Recovery of Vicars better Recovery of predial Tythes, be brought in Tythes. Tomorrow Morning.

The Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Jurors. Bill concerning Jurors, read.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords as to their first Amendment, Skin the 1st, Line the 12th;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords to their Amendments, Line the 31st and 32d;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords to their Amendment, Line the 34th;

It passed i« the Negative.

The

>,v,

\h;ti

u

:ofi.

i cew

v,*frr

rors*

22 Car. II. i6° — 170 — 1

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords to their Amendment, Skin the 2d, Line the 7th;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords to the rest of the Amendments;

It passed in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to a Committee, to consider of, and draw up the Reasons for a Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Amendments, sent down from their Lordships, to the said Bill of Jurors, wherein this House doth not agree with their Lordships; viz. Sir Thomas Gower, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Cltrgis, Mr. Doxrdswell, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Steward, Sir Robert Atkins, Serj. Maynard, Mr. Rigby, or any Three of them.

Jurisdiction Sir Francis Goodrieke reports from the Committee 01 Lor(k appointed to examine the Matter concerning the Earl Newburgh, the Matter of Fact; and the whole Examination of the Business, in Writing, before the Committee; Which he read in his Place: And it was afterwards delivered in, and read at the Clerk’s Table:

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of this Matter be adjourned till Friday Morning next: And that the said Committee be revived, to examine further this Matter; and to look into Precedents which may relate to the same; and consider what may be best for this House’s further Proceedings herein: And they are to sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And that the Quorum of the said Committee beany Three of them, or more.

Supply, The House then resolved into a Committee of the

whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Papers di$- Ordered, That the Debate of the Report of Sir John

ptr^d at the Xnjgfrt^ concerning the libellous Books dispersed at the °°r' Door, appointed for Tomorrow, be adjourned till Monday Morning next: And that the Matter concerning Hayes and J shall be then taken into Consideration.

Importing Ordered, That Mr. Grey, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Co-torn. ventry, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Rich. Franck lyn, be added to the Committee to whom the Importation of Com is committed.

8° Novembris* id 5.

Jovis, 17° die JSovcmlris, 1670.

P R A Y E R S.

ABILL for making St. James's Parish, distinct from St. James* St. Martins in the Fields, was read the First time. 1>arish* The Question being put, That the said Bill be read a Second time;

The Flouse was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Mr. Seymour,

Sir Thomas Allen, J

Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Hugh Windham, J And so it passed in the Negative

for the Yeas, 30. for the Noes, 43.

Upon the Motion of Mr. Russel, who acquainted the Privilege-House, that Thomas Cooke and John Taylor, now in the Persons dis-Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for arresting his menial troin

Servant, that the said Persons were very poor, and humbly begged the Pardon of the House;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Cooke and John Taylor be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, paying their Fees.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply. j

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that i < they had made some further Progress in the ConsiJera- j

tien of his Majesty’s Supply; and moved, from the Com- j

mittee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of j

the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof. t

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- I mittee, that this House be resolved into a Committee of the wdiole House Tommorrow' Morning, Ten of the ( lock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Ordered, That the Committee for Examination of the Fees in Out-Fees of Customs in the Out Ports, be revived; and do pons, sit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Boston Navi- Ordered, That Mr. Tulse, Sir Mr. Hopkins,

fc»uun. Sir Charles Tufton, Mr. Fogg, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for making navigable the River

o o

between Boston and Trent, is committed.

Com Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

Measures. the former Act for regulating Measures; viz. Colonel Birch, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Will. Hickman, Sir Bramps ton, Mr. Jay, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Pelham, Mr.

Hetdy, Mr. Sprye, Sir Char. Sir Thom. Meeres,

Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Carre, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Knight, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Goring, Sir John Fagge; or any Three or more of them: And they are to meet, to consider what Defects there be in the said Act; and what is fit to be done further therein; and to receive Information of any the Abuses that have been practised for evading the said Law: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Vol. IX.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper Downton of the Great Seal of England of the Death of Mr. Buck- ""t* land, who lately served as a Member of this House, for the Borough of Downton in the County of Wiltes; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth under the Great Seal, for a new Election of a Member, to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

And then the Llouse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° Novembris, 1670.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Colonel Phillipps, Sir William/

Sir Edward Phillips, Sir John be added to Estate,

the Committee, to which the Bill on the Behalf of Henry Williams Esquire, was committed.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee to Hammond’* which the Bill for settling the Manor of in the Estate.

County of Bucks, Mas committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the same were twice read: '

T t Resolved,

Boston

Navigation.

Houghton'*

Estate.

Duffeild

Frith.

Lords reminded of Bills.

Leave for Member to attend Ix>rds.

Vexatious Suits, dec.

Frauds by Servants.

Making

Serges.

Supply.

J

t

166 18° — x 9°

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee to which the Bill to improve the Navigation between Boston and the River Trent, was committed, an Amendment agreed to be made; and Names of Commissioners agreed to fill up the Blank: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the same being twice read, and agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Upon Information that the Committee to which the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Houghton, was committed, was adjourned for Three Weeks, in order to send Summons to the Lady Prettyman, who is since come to Town;

Ordered, That the said Committee, notwithstanding the Adjournment, have Power to sit on Tuesday next: And that Notice be given thereof to such Persons as are concerned to attend them at that Time.

A Bill for Confirmation of certain Decrees and Agreements; and for settling the Manor of Duffeild Frith, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Grey, Sir John Barneby, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Will.Lowther, Lord Richardson, Col.

Kirby, Mr. Wright, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Morrice, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Soloman Swale, Sir Birkenhead, Sir John Talbot, Serj. Maynard, Sir Robert Carr, Col. Reames, Sir Francis Compton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Rich. Maleverer, Mr. Knolles, Mr. Jay, Sir Geo. Courthop, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Hungerford, Mr.

cile. Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Thom. Higgons, Col. Sandys, and all that serve for the County of Derby: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Message be sent up to the Lords, by Sir Robert Howard, to put them in mind of Bills against importing foreign Brandy: The Bill for taking the Account of Monies collected for Relief of such as were Sufferers by the late Fire: The Bill against stealing and transporting Children: And the Bill for regulating the Collection of the Duty of Hearth Money.

Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls have Leave to attend the House of Lords, to testify in the Cause between Frye and Porter.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Attorney General, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thom. Strickland, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Milward, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill to prevent vexatious Suits, and Misdemeanors of Attornies, and Abuses in compounding Fines and Recognizances in criminal Matters; and other Inconveniences and Incroachments in the Laws.

Sir Thom. Meeres reports from the Committee to which the Bill to prevent the Couzenage of Servants, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the same being twice read, and agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the making of Serges, be read Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee,

Novembris. A. 1670.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and moved, from the Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply. \

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- . mittee, that this House be resolved into a Committee of x the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Vaughan, Mr. JVharton, Mr*

Hopkins, Mr. Jollyffe, Mr. Robert Crooke, Mr. Love, Sir of Prml*ee»* Francis Compton, Sir James Rushout, be added to the Committee of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 19* die Novembris, 1670.

Praters.

R. Streete reports from the Committee to which the Kiddermin- Bill for regulating the making of Stuffs in the ster Stulls. Town of Kidderminster in the County of Worcester..... some Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the same being twice read;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Upon Information given to the House of a Breach of Privilege; Privilege committed against Mr. Price, a Member of this House, by John Goodger, Richard Whooley, and John Norgrooe;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege objected to be committed against Mr. Price, a Member of this House; and to certify the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for better regulating the making of Serges, was Making read the Second time. Series.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Knight, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir William Lowther,

Mr. Sprye, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Jey, Sir Talbot, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Morris, Sir John Ernely, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Garraway, Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Henley, Mr. Streete, Colonel Phillipps, Sir Francis Popham,

Sir Thom. Hamer, Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir John Moreton,

Sir Robert Carr, Serj. Maynard, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Birkenhead, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Ford, Six John Talbott, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Price, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir John Coventry, Sir Thom. Bludworth, Sir Rowland Berkley,

Sir Will.Coventry, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Palmer, Air.

Fowell: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Rigby reports from the Committee to which the Hall’*

Bill for enabling a Sale of Lands to pay the Debts of Estate. Benedict Hall Esquire, was committed, some Amendments

agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the same being twice read;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed. 1

The ingrossed Bill for improving the Navigation be- Boston tween the Town of Boston and the River was read. Navigation.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the 24 Title

By

22 Car. II. 190 — 21° N. 167

Title be, An Act for improving the Navigation between And that such Witnesses as can give Testimony in that the Town of Boston and the River Trent. Matter, do attend at that Time.

Sopply- The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

! Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair. v Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that ' they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and moved, from the Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee j of the whole House on Monday Morning, Ten of the j Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

1 Resolved, See. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the w’hole House on Tuesday Morning next, j Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Imports. Ordered, That the Farmers and Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, do send into this House, an Account of what Quantities of the Commodities hereafter mentioned have been imported, and what Monies have been raised thereupon, for Three Years last past, on Tuesday Morning next; viz.

Salt.

Tobacco.

French Lockerums, Canvas, and other Linen and Callicoes.

Ticks, Fustians, Tape, Incle and Thread.

Silks Wrought and Thrown.

Iron.

Sugar.

{Currans.

Raisins.

Figs and Prunes.

Spices from any Part of Europe; viz. Cloves and Mace. Drugs.

Paper.

Copper in the Plate; and Copper wrought from the Plate.

Fatten.

Stuffs made of Wool or Hair; or mixt with Silk, Hair, or Wool.

Glass and Glasses, Stone and Stone M are, Earth and Earthen Ware.

Soap.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 21* die Novembris, 1670. Praters.

losttfl Port. /ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to preserve the Port of Boston, in the County of

Limine.

F James A Bill to enable the Daughters and Coheirs of Sir John Fdz James to sell Lands, to pay their Father’s Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Sir Eduard Harlow, Sir Charles Mr. Crouch, Sir

Thom. Higgons, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Thorn. Aden, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Barneby, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Hobby, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Windham, Sir Will. Lowihcr, Sir Sir

Talbott, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Slreete, Colonel and

ail that serve for the several Counties of Somerset,

and IVilles: And they are to . Tomorrow at Two of the Clock the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

S'd. Pretty. Ordered, That the Matter touching Sir John

man be taken into Consideration on Wednesday next: Vol. IX.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the making of -Kiddennin-mirnterStuffs, was read the Third time. 8ter Stufffc

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the regulating the making of Kidderminster Stuffs: And Colonel Sandys to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Duke of Dr. Baldwin; Albemarle’.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, stat*‘ intituled, An Act to enable Christopher Duke of Albemarle, to reconvey several Manors and Lands mortgaged to George late Duke of Albemarle his Father; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill to null and make void certain forged Deeds, ForgedDeeds Bonds and Judgments, set on foot against George Pitt pitt* Esquire, and others, to Sir Geo. Pratt, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the Obstruction Report of Sir John Knight, touching libellous Books; Act against and the Matter concerning Mr. Hayes and Mr. Jekell; Conveutlcle3‘ according to former Order:

And the Matter relating to Mr. Hayes being first moved, and coming into Question and Debate; concerning his Violation of the Act against Conventicles, and the Attempts by him used on Sir Samuell Stirling, whilst he was Lord Mayor of London, to corrupt and divert him from the Execution of the Act: Upon which, and his Refusal to give Security for the good Behaviour, a Commitment ensued:

And Sir Samuell Sterling attending near the Door; and being, by Order, called in to the Bar of the House, to give an Account of this Matter, did testify to the Effect following; viz.

That about Thirteen Days, or a Fortnight before the Act against Conventicles took Place, Mr. Hayes came to him, upon Pretence of a Visit; and after some other Discourse told him, that he and his Friends had advised with good Counsel upon the Act; and that they were clear of Opinion, that there was but One hundred Pounds Penalty, if the Magistrate Should totally forbear the Execution of the Act; and that That One hundred Pound Should be paid, and Two hundred Pounds more secured to him.

Sir Samuell Sterling replying, that he was advised there was Nine hundred Pound Penalty for every Default.

Hayes made Answer, that if there were, he and his Friends would bear him out in what he Should do. Upon which, Sir Samuell telling him, that it was very ill done in him to attempt to bribe a Magistrate to neglect his Duty; Hayes replied, Sir, you have an Estate to lose:

You must take care what you do; for you shall be sure toansw'erit. Sir Samuell did also deliver a further Narrative and Account of the whole Proceedings in the Matter.

Sir Samuell Sterling withdrawing; and being again called in; and owning This (upon the Reading of it) to be the Effect of w hat he had testified;

Mr. Hayes was also called in to the Bar of the House;

And what Sir Samuell had testified, being read to him; w’ho denying tire whole Matter of Fact, and pretending he had Two Witnesses at the Door, w’hich could speak on his Behalf, to clear him;

Sir Joseph Sheldon, Sir Andrew King and others of the Lieutenancy of London also attending near the House; all the Parties were again called in:

And, upon hearing all the said Parties; as also the Witnesses of Mr. Hayes; the House being very well satisfied with the Truth of the Testimony and Account given in by Sir Samuell Sterling;

Resolved, See. That this House doth give Approbation 1

to what was done by the late Lord Mayor, Sir Samuell Sterling, and the Lieutenancy of London, in committing of Mr. Hayes; and that it was done, in order to the Preservation of the King, and Peace of the Kingdom.

The

168

2i° — 22° — 230

A. 1670.

The House then proceeded to the Examination of the Matter concerning

And Sir S'muni'll Sterling, and the other Persons of the Lieutenancy of Ijmdonand Mr. being called in to the Bar of the House; and the Matter being fully heard;

Resolved, &c. That the Commitment of Mr. Jekell by the late ixa'd Mayor and the Lieutenancy of was

in order to the Preservation of the King, and Peace of the Kingdom.

Conventicles, Rc.solved, See. That a Committee be appointed to in-snect the Act against Conventicles; and the Act of the Militia; and to see wherein either of them are defective; and how they may be supplied; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Lord

Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Thom. Allen, Colonel Sands, Sir Allen A/isle}/, Sir Char. Wheeler, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Phillips, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Solomon Szcafe, Sir John Col. Birch, Sir Winston

Churchill, Sir WiU.Coventry, Mr. Mr. Coleman, Sir Adam Brozme, Sir Robert Carr, Sir

combe, Mr. Williamson, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Sir

Anthony Irby, Ixtrd Fanshaw, Sir Sir

Thom.Higgons, Sir Franc Sir F.dzv. Masters,

Sir John SJiare, Mr. Hung Mr. Milm Sir Edre.

Thurlaml, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hampden, Sir Nicholas

Carerr. Lord Richardson, Sir Tho. Mr. Seymour,

Sir John Heath, Mr. D Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr.

Darnell: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do draw up and prosecute an Information against Mr. Hayes, in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench.

arising,

touching the Augmentation

of

Augmenting

Vicarages.

Sljpply.

A Debate

Vicarages;

Resolved, Scc.That the Debate of the Matter touching the augmenting of Vicarages be adjourned to Friday Morning next

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and moved from the Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, See.. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, See. That Major Cornwall, Sir Committee

Mr. Henry Goring, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Mr. of Privilege*.

Palmes, Mr. Peercy Goring, Colonel Fox, be added to the Committee of Election and Privileges.

Ordered, That the Members that serve for the Counties Making of Somcrsett, Devon, and Cornwall ,be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for regulating the making of Serges, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

K

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis,22* die Novembris, 1670.

Prayeks.

Smith’s, &e. f~\ R D ]] R E D, That the Committee to which the Bill Agreement, b/ un (jie behalf of Sir William Smith, was committed, he revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And that these Members following be added to the Committee; viz. Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Humph. Hooke, Sir Edw. Smith, Mr Johnson, Mr. Jollifje, Mr. Sir Laugher,

Mr. Jones, Sir John BSir Rich. Temple, Sir Will.Thompson, Mr. Hobby, Mr

Mr. Danitll, Sir John Knight, Mr. Lace, Mr. Cory.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Elizabeth, Mary, and Le-ti/ia Hammond to sell certain Lands in the Bill mentioned, was road.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the T itle be, An Act to enable Eliz. Mary, and Letitia diamond & sell certain Lands in the Bill mentioned.

Boston Port. A Bill for Repair of the Pier and Haven of Boston, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Duke of

Albemarle's

tsliUe.

.A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Christopher Duke of Albemarle, to reconvey several Manors and Lands mortgaged to George late Duke of Albemarle his Father, was read.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Arrrst* of A Bill to continue a former Act to prevent Arrests of ouJgmvue Judgment, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rosse , A Bill for Repair and uniting the Vicarage and Par-

Vicaruge. nonage of Rouse, in the County of Hereford, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Mcrcur 'd, 23* die. Novembris, 1(370.

Praters.

A BILL for repairing the Port and Haven of , Boston Port was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Henley, Colonel Mr. Crouch, Mr. Hobby, Sir John Sir Char.liar-

bord, Mr. Mercell, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho.

Colonel Proby, Mr. Weld, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr

Sir Rich. Franck/in, Sir Robert Carr, Sir

Mr. Marrice, Sir John Hanmer, Sir , Sir

Rawl. Berkley, Sir Edzv. Harley, Sir Pet t us. Sir

Thom. Dolman, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Sir John

Talbott, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Ilium.

Meeres, Sir John Coventry, and all that serve for the several Counties of Yorke, No ami

Lincolnc: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to consider of the Debates of the House, in order to the making Inquiry, whether there be any Maintenance already-allotted to the Pier; and to provide, that such as are employed in collecting of the Toll, may give Security to be accountable: And to send for Persons, Papers, anti Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Will. Child and Rill* sent Sir John Coell; from

Mr. Speaker, My Lords have returned you Two Bills, the One intituled, An Act for making of the Church, erected at Falmouth, a Parish Church; the other, An Act

to prevent the malicious burning of I louses, Stacks of Corn and Hay, and killing and maiming of Cattle; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir John Brampston reports from the Committee to Du&iU which the Bill concerning the Manor of Duff did Frith, in Fmk. the County of Derby, was committed, one single Amendment only agreed by the Committee Which being twice read, and agreed;

Resolved,

Forced I>e<ls ' a^dmst Pitt.

All’UUile's

Luie.

Sir J. Pretty man rest ‘red to kb bcdL

Supply.

j

"H

J^Hs Pro-wcutma of Km;.

22Car.II. 23° — 240Novembris. ' 169

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments House, and that the same was served on his Attorney,

agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill to make void several forged Deeds and Bonds, and Judgments thereupon had, set on foot by Sir George Pratt, against George Pitt Esquire, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger ford, Sir John Erncly, Colonel Reawes, Colonel Gillry, Sir JVodhatn Wytulharn, Sir Thom. Goner, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir Char. Harbor'd, Sir John Hantner, Serjeant A lay-yard, Mr. Knowles, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Trenchant, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir JVM. Loicther, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Rowl. Berkley, Mr. Mor-rice, Colonel Proby, Sir Slcph. Fox, Sir John Talbot, Sir Rich. Lucy, Sir Phil. Warwicke, Sir John Moreton, Sir Job Chari ion, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Lewis, and all that serve for Owon and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Christopher Duke of Albemarle to re-convey several Manors and Lands, mortgaged to George late Duke of Albemarle his Father, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sic. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Robert Carr, Sir 11'HI. Coventry, Sir John Moreton, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Jorrath. Trelawny, Sir John Petius, Colonel Gilby, Sir Thom. Strickland, Sir Hugh JYindham, Sir IVill. Fleetwood, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Trenchard, Colonel Strode, Mr. Grenvile, Sir Rich. Afaleverer, Mr. Prideaux, Sir John Si den ham, Sir JVM. Lowther, Lord Richardson, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Thom. Ilanmcr, Colonel Reamcs, Mr. Proby, Mr. Morrice, Serjeant Maynard, Sir]horn. Dolman, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thom. Ciergis, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Steward, Colonel Kirby, Sir Thom, lliggons, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Fowell, Sir Row/. Berkley: And they are particularly to take care of the Case of Sir Thomas Strickland: And to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, mid Records.

doth, in Contempt of this House, proceed in his Suit at Law against the said Sir Andrew King; and hath procured an Order in the Exchequer this Day, upon the Motion of Mr. Burton, for Return of a Jury, in order to the Trial of the said Cause: A Copy of which Order was produced and read:

Resolved, See. That Air. Jekcll, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer his Contempt, in prosecuting his Suit at Law against Sir Andrew King, one of the Lieutenancy of the City of London, in the Exchequer, alter the Vote of this House passed the One-and-twentieth of this Month; whereby it was declared, that the Commitment of the said Air. Jekcll was in order to the Preservation of the King, and Peace of the Kingdom.

Resolved, &c. That Air. Burton, Counsel for Air. Jckell, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, to answer his Contempt, in moving on the Behalf of Air. Jekcll, in the Exchequer, after the Vote of this House passed the One-and-twentieth of this Alonth; whereby it was declared, that the Commitment of Air.

Jekcll w as, in order to the Preservation of the King, and Peace of the Kingdom.

Resolved, &c. That Air. Ogden, Attorney in the Exchequer for Mr. Jekcll, be sent for in Custody of the Ser jeant at Arms, to answ er his Contempt, in acting on the’

Behalf of Air. Jekcll, in the Exchequer, alter the Vote of this House passed the Onc-aiul-twentitth of this Alonth; whereby it was declared, that the Commitment of Mr.

Jekcll w as in order to the Preservation 01 the King, and Peace of the Kingdom.

Resolved, Sic. That Sir John Troll, Lord Filz James, CVmnvttee Air. Rigby, Sir John Aloutiacn. Sir Rich. A/au vtrcr, Sir of Privilege Adam Browne, Mr Thomas, Su Re In rl Cordell, Air. 1 alse,

Air. /Valter St. John, Sir Fmw. Lk\ ring, Colonel Koran,

Air. Grey, Sir John Stapiky, Mr. Fader, be aaded to the Committee ot Elections and Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

The House then, acording to former Order, did proceed to the Hearing of the Alatter between Sir John Pretty man and Mrs. Humes.

And the Petitions on both Sides being again read; and the Counsel for Sir John Prcttyrnan, and the Parties and Witnesses on both Sides, being heard; it being made appear, on the Behalf of Sir John Prcttyrnan, that he had, since the lust Recess, used his utmost Endeavour to apprehend and bring in Humes, the Husband of Airs. Ilumcs; and nothing of the Suggestions of Mrs. Humes her Petition being made out; upon Debate of the Alatter;

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Prcttyrnan he restored;, and have his Privilege, to attend the Duty of his Place, as a Alember of this House.

: The House then resolved into a Committee of the

j whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of ' his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker leit the Chair.

Air. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Resolved, Sic. I hat the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Alorning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Whereas the House, upon the One-and-tw entieth of this Alonth, did hear the Cause between Air. Jekcll and Sir Andre w King, and the rest of the Lieutenancy of the City i t London, concerning their imprisoning the said Air. Jekcll; and passed a Vote therein, "that the Commitment of the said Mr. Jckell was, in order to the Preservation of the King, and Peace of the Kingdom V

An Inlormation being now-given to the House against Air. Jdic/I,. . ., notwithstanding the said Vote of this Vox. IX.

Juris, 24° JSovcrnbris, 1670.

Prayers.

AP E T IT IO N of Sir John Dazvcs Baronet was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition he referred to Sir John Brampsion, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Seymor e, Sir 7horn. Clifford, Sir Aickolas Carew, Colonel Reamcs, Mr. Gar-noway, Cohmel Jit us. Lord Aldington, Colonel Realties, Sir IVindham, Mr. Mort ice, Sir Hugh Windlutm, Sir Jonath. Trelawny, 'SxxJohn Birkenhead, Sir /////. Doylcy, Sir Robert Long, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir A nth. Irby. Sir JVM. Lowther, Mr. Phillips, Sir Geo. Downing; to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, w im their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to meet, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Paper*, and Records.

Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Privileges, the Case of a Breach of Privilege committed against Air. Price, a Member oi tins House; that Air, Price having had a Verdict at Law l«n* his litle to certain Lands and Houses, called Jiurnop: and Airs Mere being in the Possession thereof, on his Behalf, w as, by the Aleans of Mr. John Goodycrund Richard Jl loltcy, turned out of Possession; and the Under ShtriS* tampered with, to delay Restitution of Possession: Aral alter a Writ of liaV jac Possession brought by Goodytr which was made out by//W/ty, notwithstanding Gcodyer w as advised not to proceed, for that there was a Verdict at Law for Air. Price: And that, upon the w hole Matter, it appearing to the Committee, that there was a forcible Entry and Detainer;

Uu Th#

Dawes*

Petition.

Privilege*

170

4° — 25° — 260 Novembris, A. 1670

The Committee were of Opinion, that there was a Breach of Privilege both in the said and Woolley.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that John Goodyer and Richard Woolley are guilty of the Breach of Privilege objected against them.

Resolved, &c. That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

House, or his Deputy, do apprehend and take into Custody John Goodyer and Richard , for their Breach

of Privilege committed against Mr. a Member of

this House.

Bill to be Ordered, That the Bill tendered by Slrick-

read. land, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Manufacture Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for Preservation SiiippiDgV.ing Shipping, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege — The House being informed, That Mr. Jekell, Mr. Bur-Jekeil b Pro- ton his Counsel, and Mr. Ogden his Attorney, ordered secutmu of Yesterday to be taken into Custody, had, this Morning, in^* rendered themselves into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; and were now' at the Door;

They were called in:

The Vote of the House, passed on Monday, was read unto them:

Who being afterwards withdrawn ;and the House informed, that Air. Jekell had already given Direction for the not prosecuting of his Suit; and that, in Observance and Obedience to the Vote of the House, he would desist in the Prosecution thereof;

Resolved, &c. That the said Mr. Jekell, Air. his Counsel, and Mr. Ogden his Attorney, be discharged from their Commitment

Supply.

"j

Resolved, &c. That the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

link* of

Albemarle's

Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Ford and Mr. Cheney be added to the Committee to whom the Bill on the Behalf of the Duke of Albanark was committed.

Oakehamp* Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper ton Wm. of the Great Seal of Eng of the Death of Sir Thomas Hele Baronet, who lately served as a Member of this House for the Borough of Oakehamin the County of Devon; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth, under the Great Seal, for a new Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, in his Place and Stead.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 2* 'Novembris, 1670.

Praters.

Importing /"ORDERED, That the Committee to which the Bill Scotch Corn. to prohibit the bringing in of Scotch Corn on Horseback was committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And Sir John Newton and Mr. Crouch be added to the Committee.

Brampston, Sir Will. Lowther, Mr. Rigby, Serjeant

nard, Mr. Price, Colonel lleames, Lord Air.

Crouch, Mr. Morrice, Sir John Knight, Sir Robert Carr,

Sir John Lowther, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; or any Three of them: And to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thom. Iiiggons reports from the Committee to ^Iaiu,f"rtwre which the Bill for the Preservation of Shipping, was coin-mitted, some Amendments agreed by the Committee:

Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and alter delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read; and some Alterations and Additions being, upon the Question, agreed, and made thereto at the Table;

But some Debate afterwards arising;

And a Proviso being tendered to be made Part of the Bill; ,

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be recommitted to the former Committee: And that the Committee be revived; and do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Resolved, Sic.That the Business of his Majesty's Sup- Supply, ply be constantly taken up, and proceeded in, at Ten of the Clock every Morning, setting asine all other Business whatsoever.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Servant* regulating the Wages of Servants. W ges.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper p irtmouih of the Great Seal oi England, of the Death of Sir / Wnu

Young, who lately served as a Alember of this House for the Borough of Dartmouth in the County of Devon; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth, under the Great Seal, for a new Election of a Alember to serve in this present Parliament, in his Place and Stead.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for London the better Alaintenance of the Alinisters of London. Ministers.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, w hole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee. .:

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair. I

Air. Seymour reports from the Committee, that the Committee, in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply, had passed several Resolutions in order thereunto; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would receive the Report of the same Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the / . Committee, that the Report of their Proceedings be; made Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That Air. Delmahoy and Air. Wiseman be Hawes’ added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Dawes Baronet was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorninsj Eight of the Clock.

o O

of^\Vin« Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill to pre-

0 lnes‘ vent the Adulteration of Wines was committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

felt-making. A Petition of the Trade of Felt-making was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition be committed to the Committee of the w'hole House for the King's Supply, to take the same into Consideration, for setting a Rate on French Hats, notwithstanding the Prohibition of bringing them in.

Arrest* of A Bill to continue a former Act to prevent Arrests of

Judgment, Judgment, was read a Second time.

kc* Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Dowdswdl, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir John 16

Sabbati, 26° die Novembris, 1670.

Prayers.

SI R Charles Harbord reports from the Committee to Duke of w’hich the Bill, sent from the Lords, on the Behalf of Albem..ric’s the Duke oi Albemarle, was committed, one Amendment agreed to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill;

Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being twice read;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, be read a Third time.

Air. Dozodeswellreports from the Committee to which Arrests of

the Bill for Continuance of a former Act to prevent Arrests Judgment*,.

of

i!

f:l

.1

*, v' I

is i

: fi

7:

i,

Jr"

V.;,;

111 I

tW.l

L;:

V

Lt./.r

i".

t-T

I,

t.;

itc

c.

12 Car. II.

16° Novembris.

171

of Judgments, and superseding Executions, was committed, that the Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and the Title of the former Act; and found no Cause of any Amendment.

Resolved \&c. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Nortkimp. Ordered, That Mr. George Clarice have Leave to bring jn a pui for tj,e raising Gf Monies upon the County of Northampton, for the Building of an House in the Town of Northampton, for the keeping of the Assizes and Sessions of the said County.

Hall's Estate. An ingrossed Bill for an Exchange and Sale of Lands

for Payment of the Debts of Benedict Hall Esquire, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for an Exchange and Sale of Lands for Payment of the Debts of Benedict Hall Esquire.

Smith’s, fcc. An ingrossed Bill for settling an Agreement between

Ayeem.nt. g;r William Smith, and Sir Thomas Hooke, Baronets,

Gentian Pole, and others.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the T itle be, An Act for settling an Agreement between Sir William Smith, and Sir Thomas Hooke, Baronets, German Poole, and others, was read.

Privilege.

Supply.

Upon Information given to the House, on the Behalf of Sir John Moreton,a Member of this House, of a Breach of Privilege committed against him, by one Laurence Squibb Gentleman, in bringing, causing, and prosecuting several Suits against him and his Servants, and Tenants, upon a Difference between them, concerning a Pond and Watercourse;

Resolved, &c. That the Matter touching the Breach of Privilege objected to be committed by Mr. Laurence Squibb, against Sir John Moreton, a Member of this House, be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Seamour reports from the Committee of the whole House, for his Majesty’s Supply, several Votes of the Committee, for an Imposition on several Goods and Commodities: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: Which Report was read; and is as followed 1; 1

That, towards die King’s Supply, there be an additional Duty laid upon Tobacco, of the English Plantations, not exceeding Three-pence per Pound; and upon all other Tobacco, Six-pence per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

That, towards the King’s Supply, there be an additional Duty of Two-pence per Gallon laid upon all foreign Salt.

That there be upon Scotch Salt One Peny per Gallon: Upon Sait, made of foreign Salt, One Halfpeny per Gallon: Upon all native Salt, One Peny per Gallon.

That no Salt employed about the Fishery shall be charged with the Duty.

That these Impositions following be laid upon Salt irt Ireland; viz.

Upon all foreign Salt imported, Two-pence per Gallon! Upou Scotch Salt, One Peny Halfpeny per Gallon: Upon English Salt, One Peny per Gallon:

Upon the native Salt there, One Peny per Gallon: Upon Salt upon Salt, One Halfpeny per Gallon: That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, diere be charged upon Lockerums imported, per Piece, containing One hundred and Six Ells, Seven Shillings and Six-pence; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Upon all Sorts of French Canvas, the Piece, containing One hundred and Twenty Ells, Six Shillings; to be paid by the first Buyer.

That all other French Linen be charged with the same Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as is now paid by the Importer. /

Vox.. IX,

That all German, and all other foreign Linen and Callicoes, be charged with the same Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as is now paid by the additional Duty at the Custom-house, excepting Lawns and Cambricks. , That foreign I’ustians, T ape, Incle, and Thread, be charged with the same Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as is now paid at the Custom-house by the Importer.

That Brussels and Brabant Ticks, and all other foreign Ticks, be charged at Three Shillings per Tick; to be paid by the first Buyer.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all sorts of wrought Silks imported, be charged with double the Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as was formerly paid by tire Importer-for the Duty of Custom.

That Thrown Silk imported, be charged atOne Shilling and Four-pence per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer;

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, Muscovado Sugar, of Brazele, be charged at One Halfpeny per Pound

Weight; to be paid by the first Buyer:

On Pannellis Sugars, One Halfpeny per Pound Weight; to be paid by the first Buyer.

On all other foreign white Powder Sugar, Two-pence per Pound Weight; to be paid by the first Buyer:

On all other foreign Sugar, in the Loaf, imported, Three-pence per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer On Aluscavadoe Sugars, of the English Plantations, One Farthing per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer;

On all w hite Sugar, of the English Plantations, One Peny per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

That the Sugars imported from the English Plantations, shall have the Duty repaid upon the Exportation:

That all Sugar manufactured into Loaf Sugar, shall have Three Farthings per Pound rebated, upon Exportation.

That, tow ards his Majesty’s Supply, there be charged, upon Currans imported, Five Shillings per Cent'-, to be paid by the first Buyer:

Upon Raisins of the Sun, Two Shillings per Upon Malagoe and other Raisins, One Shilling and

Sixpence per Cent':

Upon Figs and Prunes, One Shilling per Cent'.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, there be charged upon Nutmegs imported from any Part of One

Shilling per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer:

Upon Cinnamon, One Shilling per Pound.

Upon Cloves and Mace, One Shilling and Six-pence per Pound:

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Sorts of Drugs imported, be charged with the same Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as they stand charged in the Book of Rates.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Paper imported, be charged with the same Proportion (to be paid by the first Buyer) as is now charged by the Book of Rates.

That, towards his Majesty's Supply, Glass and Glasses, Stone and Stone-ware, Earth and Earthen-ware, imported, be charged with the same Proportion (to be paid by the first Buyer) as they stand charged in the Book of Rates.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Copper imported in the Plate, be charged at Five Shillings per Cent'; to be paid by the First Buyer:

That all Copper in any manner w roughtfrom the Plate, and so imported, be charged at Ten Shillings per Cent'.

That all Latten imported, be charged to pay the same Proportion, as in the Book of Rates.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, there be charged upon all Stuffs made of Wool or Hair mixed with Silk, Hair, Thread, or Wool, imported, Ten Pounds percent.; to be paid by the first Buyer.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, there be charged upon all foreign Iron imported, Ten Shillings per Ton; to be paid by the first Buyer.

That, towards his Majesty's Supply, all foreign Soap imported, be charged at Five Shillings per Cent'; to be paid by the first Buyer.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Mum imported, be charged at Ten Shillings per Barrel; to be paid by the first Buyer.

That,

172

0,6° — 28° Novembris. 1670.

Supply. That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Raw Silks, not

imported in English Shipping from the Place of its first Growth, or first Port of the Shipping of it, be charged at Six-pence per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

That, towar ds his Majesty's Supply, all foreign Cable, Yarn, and Twine, be charged with the same Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as they stand charged in the Book of Rates.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, there be charged . upon every pelt Hatiniported from France, Two Shillings

and Six-pence; upon every Castor Five Shillings; and upon every Beaver Ten Shillings; to be paid by the first Buyer.

The first Vote of the Committee, For an Imposition on Tobacco, was read the Second time; and debated.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there be an additional Duty laid upon Tobacco of the English Plantations, not exceedingThree-pence per Pound; and upon all other Tobacco Six-pence per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

The next Votes, for an Imposition on Salt, being read a Second time; and some Debate arising thereupon;

A Question being propounded, That Home-made Salt, both in England and Ireland, shall be rated towards the King’s Supply;

And the Question being put, That this Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put, That Home-made Salt, both in England and Ireland, shall be rated towards the King’s Supply;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the , Committee, that there be an Imposition of One Peny

per Gallon on native Salt.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there bean Imposition of One Ilalfpcny per Gallon upon Salt upon Salt.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there be an Imposition of Two-pence per Gallon on foreign Salt.

Resolved, See. That there be an Imposition of One Peny Halfpeny per Gallon upon Scotch Salt.

Resolved, See. That there be an Imposition of One Halfpeny per Gallon more, on foreign Salt imported in foreign Vessels.

Resolved, See. That these several Votes be extended to Ireland as well as England.

Resolved, That it be referred to Sir Thomas,

Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Spry, Mr. Jollyffe, Sir John Knight, Sir Geo.Downing, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Meeres, Sir Charles HMr. Seymour, Sir Coventry, Col. Birch, Sir Sir Thom. Lit-

tleton, Mr. Lowe, Mr. Garraway, Sir John Birkenhead, or any Three of them, to inspect the Accounts delivered in from the Fanners and Officers of the Customs; and to prepare an Estimate how far the said Rates on the Particulars will extend towards his Majesty’s Supply: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock.

Manufacture Ordered, That Sir Ralph B/mclcs, and Mr. fyrpreserving ffrd, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill on the Shipping. Behalf of Sir Phillip Hoxcard, and Francis for

Encouragement for an English Manufacture for Preservation of Shipping, was committed.

Williams’ Ordered, That Col. Williams his Committee have . Estate. Leave to sit this Afternoon.

Exporting Ordered, That these Members following be added to Ueer, See the Committee concerning Beer and Coal; viz.

Mr. Garraway, Sir Eliah Hatvey, Mr. Darnell, Sir Will. Hickman, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Thomas Sir

Nich.Carets.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Sir John Dawes' Committee; viz. Sir Mr.

Tufton, Mr. Neale, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Delmahoy, Sir Phil.

Warwick, Mr. Wrenn, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Ottaway,

Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Hide, Col. Kirby, Sir Norton,

Sir Rich. Wiseman, Mr. Maynard, Col. Whitley, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Herbert Price, Sir John Sir

Thom. Gower.

The Question being put, That all Committees, besides Committee? the Two Committees above named, be adjourned;

It passed in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That all other Committees be adjourned.

And so the House adjourned till J Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lvnce, 28° Novetnbris, 1670.

Prayers.

NFORMATION being given to the House, of a Privilege. Breach of Privilege, committed against Sir Henry Herbert, a Member of this House, by one Them. Mason Gentleman, in causing an Injunction of the Court of Chancery to be served upon the said Sir Henry Herbert, by one Hemy Littler, lor Stay of his Proceedings at Law upon a Bond of* *: A Copy of which Injunction was read.

Resolved, & c. That Mr. 1 hornets and Henry

Littler be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answ er their Breach ot Privilege, in serving Sir Henry Herbert with an Injunction of the Court of Chancery, at the Suit of the said Mr.

A Bill for Confirmation of an Indenture of Settlement Courinev’* made by Sir Will. Courtney, in the intended Marriage Estate.’ of his eldest Son, was read.

Ordered, That the Bill he read a Second time.

A Bill for uniting the Vicarage and Parsonage of Rosse, R0sse in the County of Hertford, w as read the Second time. Vicarage.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr.

Price, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Crouch, Sir

Mr. Chohnondley, Mr. Streete, Sir Birkenhead, Col.

Gilhy, Mr. Spry, Mr Waring, Serjeant Col.

Bitch, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Ellurlow. Sir Fran.

Goodricke, Mr. Daniell, Sir John Pettus, Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Char. Harbord, Col. Realties, Sir John Moreton, Sir J<)hn Ernclcy, Sir Thom. Osborne, Sir For, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of I let 'eford: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling a Maintenance for London the Ministers of London, be read the first Bill Tomorrow Ministers. Morning.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of his Supply. Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Birch reports from the Committee appointed to inspect the Accounts delivered in from the Fanners and Officers of the Customs, an Estimate of w hat Monies may arise, upon the several Commodities, in One Year, which are voted by the Committee of the whole House to lie charged towards his Majesty’s Supply; which Estimate is grounded upon an Account, from the Custom-house, of the several Quantities of those Commodities, which w ere imported from Michaelmas Sixty-eight, to .1 lichaelmas S i \ ty-

nine; out of which is no Deduction for Exportation, defective or damaged Goods; and is cast up according to the Quantities then imported, and according to the Rates voted by the said Committee to be paid lor those Commodities by the first Buyer; the Estimate whereof amounted to Three hundred Fifty-nine thousand T'hjee hundred and Ten Pounds Nine Shillings and Two-pence.

The House then proceeded on the Report, returned in from the Committee of the whole House, for his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved,

22 Car. II.

2§'J Novembris.

173

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there be charged upon Trench Locke-rums imported, per Piece, containing One hundred, and Six Ells, Seven Shillings and Six. Pence; to be paid by the first Buyer.

The Votes of the Committee, for an Imposition, on Normandy and all Sorts of French Canvas, of Six Shillings upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells, was read:

And the Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That there be an Imposition of Nine Shillings upon every One hundred and Twenty Ells of the said Canvas.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all other French Linens be charged with the same Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as is now paid by the Importer.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that German and all other foreign Linen and Callicoes be charged with the same Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as is now paid by the additional Duty at the Custom-house, except Lawns and Cambricks.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that foreign Fustians, Tape, Incle, and Thread, be charged with the same Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as is now paid at the Custom-house, by the Importer.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Brussels and Brabant Ticks, and all other foreign Ticks, be charged at Three Shillings a Tick; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, Stc.That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Sorts of Wrought Silks imported, be charged with double the Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as formerly paid by the Importer for the Duty of Custom.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Thrown Silk imported, be charged at One Shilling and Four Pence per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, &C; That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty's Supply, Muscovado Sugars of Brazile be charged at One Half-peny per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, fiat, towards his Majesty’s Supply, Pannettis Sugars he charged at a Half-peny per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, Scc.That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all other foreign white Powder Sugar be charged at One Peny per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, all other foreign Sugar, in the Loaf, imported, . Three Pence per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Muscavado Sugars of the English Plantations, imported, be charged at a Farthing per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all White Sugar of the English Plantations, be charged with One Peny per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Sugars imported from the English Plantations, shall have the Duty rebated upon Exportation.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Sugar manufactured into Loaf Sugar, shall have Three Farthings per Pound rebated, upon Exportation.

Resolved, Sec. That all Commodities that have any Imposition on them, shall, on the Exportation, have a Rebate.

Resolved, 8cc.That this House doth agree with the Com-

Yoju IX.

mittee, that there be charged upon Currans imported, Five Shillings per Cent.; to be paitl by the first Buyer.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there be charged upon Raisins of the Sun, Two Shillings per Cent.-, to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there be charged upon Malagoe llaisins, and other Raisins, One Shilling and Six Pence perCent.} to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, Scc.That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there be charged upon Figs and Prunes One Shilling per Cent.; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, Scc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there be charged upon Nutmegs, imported from any Part of Europe, One Shilling per Pound; to be paid by the first Buyer;

Resolved, Scc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that upon all Paper imported, there be the same Proportion charged, to be paid by the first Buyer, as stands charged in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, Scc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Glass and Glasses, Stone and Stone Ware, Earth and Earthen Ware, be charged with the same Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as they stand charged in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Copper imported in the Plate, be charged at Five Shillings per Cent.; to be paid by the first Buyer;

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Copper wrought in any manner from the Plate, be charged at Ten Shillings per Cent.; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, Scc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Latten imported, be charged with the same Proportion, to be paid by the first Buyer, as it stands charged in the Book of Rates.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Stuff’s made of Wool or Hair, or mixed with Silk, Hair, Thread or Wool, imported, be charged at Ten Pounds per Cent.; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all foreign Iron imported, be charged at Ten Shillings per Ton; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, foreign Soap imported, be charged at l ive Shillings per to be paid by the first Buyer.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Mum imported, be charged at Ten Shillings per Barrel; to be paid by the first Buyer.

The Vote of the Committee, of all Ilaw' Suns not imported in English Shipping from the Place of its first Growth, or first Port of the shipping of if, be charged at Six Pence per Pound, to be paid by the first Buyer, was read:

And the Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, 8cc.That the said Raw Silks be charged at

One Shilling and Six Pence per Pound.

The Vote of the Committee, that all foreign Cordage, Cable Yarn, and Twine, be charged with the same Proportion as in the Book of Rates j to be paid by the first Buyer ..

And the Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Scc. That all foreign Cordage, Cable Yarn, and Twine, be charged at One Shilling and Six Pence per Cent.

The Vote of the Committee, That there be charged upon every Felt Hat imported from France, Two Shillings and Six Pence a Hat; for every Castor, Five Shillings; and upon every Beaver, Ten Shillings; to bd paid by the first Buyer.

X x

174 28* — 290 Novembris. — x° 1670.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That there be charged upon every Felt Hat imported from Fra, Five Shillings per Hat] upon every Castor, Ten Shillings; and upon every Beaver, Twenty Shillings; to be paid by the first Buyer.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Votes passed by the House, for improving Rates upon the several Goods and Commodities, towards his Majesty’s Supply; and that it be referred to the same Committee appointed to draw a Bill upon the Imposition on Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, to prepare and bring in this Bill also.

Export*. Ordered, That the Farmers and Officers of the Customs

do send in a particular Account of the Commodities exported for One whole Year, from i(5(>8,

to Michaelmas 1669; and what Allowances were made

for defective Goods, for that Year.

Bulkley’s, A Petition of William Robert Breton, and.

&c. Petition. EduardWigg, Merchants, on the Behalf of themselves

and other Merchants, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be committed to Mr. Mainard, Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr. Sir

Theoph. Biddulph, Sir Char. Sir Geo. Don ning, Colonel Birch, Mr. Jolly, Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Spy re, Sir Nicholas Car eve. Sir Knight, Sir Thom. Mceres. Sir Will.Loir!her, Mr. Sir John Fagg, Sir IFalter

St. John, Sir Robert HarvaSir Thom.

Gorcer, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Love, Sir James RuSir Lee,... llarvey, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thomas Sir Thom.

Sir Wilt. Hickman, Colonel Sands, Mr. Fagg, and all the Members that serve for London: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to certify it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Committees. Ordered, That Sir Philip Howards Committee, Sir Henry Williams, and Air. Williams' Committees, have Leave to sit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 29° die Novembris, 1670.

P11A y e r s.

London A BILL for settling the Maintenance for the Mi-

Ministers. it nisters of the City of London, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Duke of The ingrossed Bill, sent from Lords, on the Be-Estate^16* Huke of Albemarle, with the Amendment

and Proviso agreed by the House, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed, be sent to the Lords, by Sir Thomas Clergis.

mittee, That there was no Breach of Privilege in the Case of Mr. Jay;

The House divided:

The Noes go out.

Tellers,

Lord Richardson, j r XT , 0_

Sir Mm Pctlia,) for Noes' 8?'

Sir Robert Carr, I v ra

Mr . Sennet, } for the \ eas, 66.

And so it passed in the Negative,

The Question being put, That the Matter be recommitted to the Committee of Privilege, to take the Matter into further Consideration; and report it to the House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go gut.

Tellers,

Sir Nidi. Carezv, 1 r »i v

Mr y/crveU. } for the Yea», 60.

Sir Thom. Higgons, 1 rXT c, t Colonel Windham, j for *" Noes> 65-And so it passed in the Negative.

The Opinion of the House being, That there was a Breach ot Privilege, in the Case of Mr. Jay, by the Persons offending, and committed;

Ctipsey Guibon, Thom. Cadwell, and Edward Miles,

being called in; and kneeling at the Bar of the House; and having a Repii'.nar.d given them by Mr. Speaker; were acquainted, that it was the Pleasure of the Blouse, that, upon their Submission, they Should be discharged, paying their Fees: But that they were to deliver the Possession, of the Sheep Walk only, in Question, to Mr. Jay.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Resolved, See. That the House proceed on Thursday,

Friday and Saturday next, to the making up of his Majesty’s Supply: And that, after Saturday, no new Head for raising of Money be received.

Resolved, See. That for Thursday, Friday and Saturday, no other Business be entertained, but the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Geo. Downing, Duty on Mr. Gar ran ay, Sir Thom. Metres, Mr. Love, Colonel French

Birch, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Go° Char.Harbord, or any Three of them, to consider and bring in an enacting Clause, to be added to some Bill, for laying such an Imposition on French and other foreign Goods and Commodities, as may discourage the bringing them in.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill con- Fta June*’ cerning the Lady Fitz James was committed, be revived; Estate,

to sit on Thursday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Supply. Resolved, &c. That the House do again resolve into

a Committee of the whole Blouse, to consider of any further Means or Propositions which shall be offered, towards the raising of his Majesty’s Supply.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Report of the Matter concerning Lord Newburgh be heard on Thursday Morning.

Ditto. Serjeant Charlton reports the Case concerning the

Breach of Privilege objected to be committed against Mr. Jay, a Member of this House, by Clipsey Guibon Gentleman, Thomas C and Eduard Miles; and that the Committee, upon the Examination of the Matter, were of Opinion, that in this Case there was no Breach of Privilege committed.

But the Matter being again debated in the House;

The Question being put, To agree with the Com-

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Af- Committers, temoon, be adjourned till Thursday, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; to sit in the Places formerly appointed; except the Committee to whom the Petition of William Bulkley, Robert Breton, and Edward Wigg, on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants, was committed.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 1° die Decembris, 1670.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Duimidv Keeper of the Great Seal of England, of the Death Writ, of Sir John Rous, who lately served as a Member of this

Blouse,

42 Car. It

P — 2°-

3

House for the Borough of in the County of

Suffolke; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth, under the Great Seal, for Election of a Burgess, for the said Borough, to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Supply. The House then proceeded in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

The Question being propounded, That, towards the King’s Supply, there be a Land Tax;

The Question being put, That the Question be now put;

The House divided:

The Noes go out.

Tellers,

Sir Eliah Harvey,

Sir Henry Felton,

Sir Jonath. Trelauny,

Sir Winston Churchill,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put, That, towards the King’s Supply, there be a Land Tax;

It passed in the Negative;

Committee* Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places for-' merly appointed,

And so the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Decembris.

Sabbati, 3* die Del670i

i75

j> for the Yeas, 152. for the Noes, 109.

ply.

Veneris, 2° die Decembris, 1670. Prayers.

Committee* f\ RDER ED, That all Committees which are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Boston Port. Ordered, That all which come, Shall have Voices at the

Committee to which the Bill for Repair of Boston Haven is committed.

Prayers.

D ESO LVED, See. That Monday anti Tuesday next Supply.

be added, for receiving Propositions for the making up his Majesty’s Supply; to begin at Ten of the Clock each Morning; setting aside all other Business.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, &c. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, on Monday Morning next,

Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Thomas Eslcourt;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two General Nat. Bills; the One intituled, An Act for Naturalization; and Bill, the other intituled, An Act for die rectifying a Mistake of Dates of Deeds mentioned in an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable John Bill Esquire, to sell Bill’s Estate, certain Lands in Kent and Surrey: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And acquainted the House, that their Lordships had Duke of agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Albemarle’s Bill on the Behalf of die Duke of Albemarle. Estate.

Ordered, That Sir John Corylon, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Conventicles, John Robinson, S\xCharles Wheeler, Co\one\Sands, S\rThom. ^c* Slingsby, Sir Thom.G ower, Sir Robert Steward, Mr. Palmes,

Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Hampden, Sir Farmer, Lord Fanshaxv, Sir John Newton, Sir Philip Sir Rich.

Wiseman, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Brampstm, be added to the Committee appointed to inspect the Acts of Militia, and against Conventicles.

.700

ll(i)

ids.

tordSuf- A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and ford’s Estate. Sir Thomas Estcourt;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Agreements between the Lord Viscount Stafford and his Lady, and their customary Tenants and Copyholders; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Supply.

zW

alt

Bulkley’s

Petition,

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the Committee, That the Committee had several Proposals before them, for his Majesty’s Supply; and humbly moved, that the House wrould resolve again into a Committee, Tomorrow Morning, to the perfecting thereof.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to proceed on the several Proposals before them, for his Majesty’sSup-ply; and, in the first Place, That in Writing, concerning an Imposition to be laid upon Charters and other Write-ings: And then, to receive any further Propositions that may be offered, towards his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That all Members that serve for the Cinque Ports, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of Mr. Bulkley and others is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill con- Cloth and ceming the regulating the making of Cloth; and the SerRe Committee to whom the Bill for regulating the making maklu8* of Serges; is committed; be joined together, and made one Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill of Hemp and Hemp and Flax is committed, be renewed; to sit this Af- F,ax. temoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And Mr. planting‘ Jolliffe, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset, and Wilts, are added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That no Member depart the Service of the Members not House, without Leave, asked between the Hours of be absent Eleven and Twelve in the Morning.

without

Leave.

Resolved, See. That the House bewailed over on Tues- Call of the day Sevennight next. House,

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Thom. Gower, Mr. Crouch, Sir Will. ther, Colonel Birch, Mr. Vaughan, or any Three o lthem, to inspect the Journals of this House; and to consider of former Proceedings, for the Punishment of Members who absent the Service of the House; and to report, what Ways they think fit for the filling up of the House.

Then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Lunce, 5* die Dec, 1670.

Prayers.

Morning, Vol. IX.

Eight of the Clock.

MR. Hampden reports from the Committee to which fitz JaiW the Bill for enabling the Daughters and Coheirs of Estate.

Sir John Fitz James, to sell Lands, for Payment of their

Father’s

Courtney’!

Estate.

William*'

Estate.

Supply.

Courtenay'*

Estate.

176

Father’s Debts, and .., some Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the same being twice read; and agreed;

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill to enable Sir Willi Baronet, to settle his Estate upon the Marriage of his eldest Son,

' was read the Second time.

Resolved, &e. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Carre, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Sir Solomon

Swale, Lord Richardson, Sir Cha. II heeler. Sir IVill. Jjnether, Mr. Rigby, Sir Thom. Metres, Mr. Hangerford, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Scymoure, Mr. Ford, Mr. Smith, Sir Fran. Goodricke, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Adam Browne,

Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Whittaker,

Col. Kirby, and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somcrsett, and Doi: And they are to meet

at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hungerford reports from the Committee to which the Bill on the Behalf of Hairy Williams Esquire, for settling certain Fen Lands, was committed, the whole Proceedings of the Committee; and the Examinations by them taken; and State of the Case; contained in several - Papers: Which, being opened, and read to the House, were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Report of the Bill on the Rehalf of Mr. be adjourned to

Wednesday Morning next.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole . , to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made a good further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply, and came to several Resolutions in order thereunto; and humbly moved, that the House would receive the Report thereof Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Report of their Resolutions be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That Thursday be appointed another Day, for receiving new Heads of Proposals for his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, See. That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, there shall be an Imposition upon some Proceedings at Law.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee formerly appointed to bring in an Estimate of the Impositions charged upon foreign and other Goods and Commodities, to send to the respective Officers at Law and other Courts, to bring in an Account of the several Proceedings; whereby they may inform themselves how to make an Estimate of the Impositions to be charged thereupon, for his Majesty’s Supply: And Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir John Ernely, Sir Mr. Coleman, Sir Fretz. Hollis, Sir WillLout her, Mr. Cheney,

Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Doudeswell, Sir John Bameby, Sir

John Birkenhead, and all the Members of the long Robe, are added to the said Committee: And they are therefore revived; to sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alaming, Eight of the Clock.

O’ o

Martis, 6* (He Decembris, 1670. Prayers.

SI R Charles Harbord reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Sir Will. Courtenay to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of his eldest Sou,.. ., 21

1670.

that the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and heard the Parties concerned; and had returned the Bill without any Amendment.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent certain Frauds and Abuses committed by Servants, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent certain Frauds and Abuses committed by Servants.

A Bill for settling the Maintenance of the Ministers of London, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Thom. Meeres, Col. Sands, Sir Will. Lmclher, Serjeant Charlton, Mr. Maynard, Sir Jonath. Trelauny, Lord Fanshirw, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Ford, Sir Tho. Allen, Lord Alimgton, Mr. Rigby, Sir Adam Browne,

Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Hanmer, Sir John Cordon,

Sir Robert Carr, Sir Phil. Wam'ick, Sir Thomas Dolman, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Johnson, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Doudeswell, Sir. Steward, Sir Thom. Gotver, Sir John Knight, Mr. Jones, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Coleman, Lord Gorge, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir Chari. Harbord, Sir John Covert, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Cla'ke,

Sir Edm. Boyer, Sir John Coventry, Brampsiun,

Air. Buru'iU, Mr. Spry, Mr. Seymore, Sir Nich. Carye,

Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Cheney, Sir An-

thony Irby, Col. Birch, Sir W and all the Alem-bers of the House that serve for the City of London, and that are of the City: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Tw o of the Clock this Aiternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Scymoure reports from the Committee of the w hole House for his Majesty's Supply, the several Votes and Resolves of the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which were again read; and are as followeth; viz.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, there be an Imposition, of Ten Pounds per Head, charged upon all foreign Horses, Alares, and Geldings, brought in or imported by Land or Sea, other than those of the Breed of Scotland and Ireland; to be paid by the Importer.

That Coaches and Chariots of all soils, imported, be charged at Fifty Pounds apiece.

That all sorts of Garments, and Wearing-apparel, imported, cut out and made up, be charged at Fifty Pounds per Cent, ad Valorem; and Confiscation.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Charters or Grants to any Corporation, Company, Liberty, or Lords of Manors, that shall pass the Great Seal, not exceeding One Skin of Parchment, pay Two Pounds;

For every other Skin of Parchment, One Pound.

That all Grants in Fee, Leases for Years, and other Grants, where any Relit is reserved to his Majesty, that shall pass under the Great Seal, Privy Seal, or Seal of the Exchequer, not exceeding One Skin of Parchment, shall pay One Pound;

For every other Skin of Parchment, Ten Shillings.

That all Grants of any Sum of Aloney that shall pass under the Privy Seal; and all Pardons for any Crime or Offence, or for any Sum of Aloney or Forfeiture, not exceeding One Skin of Parchment; shall pay Two Pounds;

For every other Skin of Parchment, One Pound.

That all Presentations and Donations, under the Great Seal of England; all Collations by either Archbishop, or any other Bishop; all Presentations and Donations by any Corporation or private Patron, to any Benefice or spiritual Promotion, provided such Benefice or Promotion be of the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum; to pay Two Pounds:

If such spiritual Promotion be of the Value of Fifty Pounds per Annum, shall pay Ten Shillings.

That all Persons who hold Two Livings, for every Dispensation shall pay Ten Pounds.

That,

5* — :6° Dec.

Frauds by* Servant*-

London.

Minister*

Supply.

n Car. II. 6° Decembris. 177

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Deeds inrolled shall pay Ten Shillings.

That all Fines rated, at the Alienation Office, at or above Six Shillings and Three-pence, and under Twenty Shillings, shall pay Three Shillings and Four-pence; and all above Twenty Shillings, Six Shillings and Eight-pence.

That all common Recovery suffered in the Court of Common Pleas, of any Lands or Tenements, shall pay One Pound.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all original Writs, and Subpoenas, issuing out of the Court of Chancery and Exchequer; all Latitats, and Bills of Middlesex, issuing out of the King’s Bench; all Capias's, issuing out of the Common Pleas; all Quo-minus's, issuing out of the Office of Pleas in the Exchequer; all Process and Mandates whatsoever, issuing out of the Marshal’ Court, Marches of Wales, or Duchy of Lancaster, or any inferior Court, as well in Corporations, as elsewere; and where no Process or Mandate issues there, upon entering the Action as in London; shall pay for each Six Shillings.

That all Process, Writs, Mandates, or Precepts, where any Officer have any Fee above the Clerk’s Pains for Writing, and such Officer’s Fees shall be above One Shilling, shall pay Six-pence.

That all Warrants or Mandates, made by any Sheriff, Baliff of Liberty, or other Officers, for which they shall receive One Shilling and Four-pence, or above, shall pay Six-pence.

That all WTarrants or Mandates under Six-pence, shall be charged to pay Two-pence.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Exemplifications, of w hat Nature soever, not exceeding One Skin of Parchment, shall pay Seven Shillings and Six-pence;

For every other Skin, Five Shillings.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, the Copies of all Pleadings, Orders, Depositions, and Proceedings, whatsoever, in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer Chamber, or Duchy, per Sheet, shall pay Two-pence.

That all Copies of Declarations, and Proceedings, in any other Courts at Westminster, where there is now charged Eight-pence per Sheet, shall pay Two-pence;

Where now charged at Four-pence per Sheet, to pay, per Sheet, One Peny.

That all other Courts whatsoever shall pay, per Sheet, One Peny.

That all Orders, Affidavits, Reports, and Copies thereof, if but one Side or Sheet, shall pay Six-pence.

That all special Bails, taken in any of the Courts of Westminster Hall, or before any of the Judges, shall pay Six-pence.

That all common Bails, or Appearances, for any Defendant, in any of the Courts whatsoever, shall be charged to pay Six-pence.

That all Rules or Orders made in any of the Courts of Westminster, and Copies of the same, except in the Chancery, English Bill Side in the Exchequer, Duchy Court, and Rules for Answer, shall pay Two-pence.

That all Judgments in Debt, or other Judgments, signed by the Master of any Office, or his Deputy, Secondary, Prothonotary, Clerk, or other Officer belonging to any the aforesaid Courts, except such as is hereafter expressed, shall pay One Shilling.

That all Decrees and Dismissions, for Signing, for the Court of Chancery, Exchequer, or Duchy of Lancaster, shall pay Five-pence.

That, for inrolling any Decree or Dismission in any of the Courts aforesaid, there shall be paid, per Sheet, Four-pence.

That all Records of Nisi Prius, not exceeding one Press of Parchment, made out of any the Courts aforesaid, shall pay Two Shillings and Six-pence;

For every other Process, Two Shillings and Six-pence.

And for the Copies of all Records, taken out of any of the Courts at Westminster, or any Office belonging to the same, and not before charged; and all Proceedings in the

Vol. IX.

Exchequer Chamber, and Writs of Error; there be paid, Supply. per Sheet, Three-pence.

That all Posteas, returned by Clerks of Assize, shall pay One Shilling.

That all Recognizances inrolled, and Statutes taken; few Money, shall pay Two Shillings and Six-pence.

That all Appeals, or Writs of Error, in the House of Lords, from any inferior Court to a superior, be charged, to pay, per Sheet, Six-pence;

Per Order, One Shilling.

That, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Citations, Ex-communications, Libels, Answers thereto, Depositions, and Orders, to be charged, per Sheet, Four-pence.

That all Commissions, and other Process, except what is before charged, shall pay Two Shillings an Sixpence.

That all Probates of Wills, the Inventory being under the Value of One hundred Pounds, and above Forty Pounds, shall be charged to pay One Shilling;

If above the Value of One hundred Pounds, to pay Five Shillings.

If above Five hundred Pounds, to pay Ten Shillings;

If above One thousand Pounds, to pay One Pound.

That the same Rates be charged upon all Administrations, as is charged upon the Probates of Wills.

That all Institutions and Collations be charged to pay Five Shillings.

That, for every Licence whatsoever, there shall be paid Three Shillings and Four-pence.

That all registering of Wills, there shall be paid, by the Sheet, in the same Rate as Citations and Depositions are before in the Ecclesiastical Court charged to pay, per Sheet, Four-pence.

That all Inventories pay after the same Rate, Sheet, Four-pence.

That all other Proceedings, in any the Courts, and in the Delegates, not before charged, per Sheet, the same Rate of Four-pence.

The Vote of the Committee, for laying an Imposition of Ten Pounds per Head on all foreign Horses, Mares, and Geldings, brought in, or imported, by Land or Sea, other than those of the Breed of Scotland and Ireland; to be paid by the Importer;

And the Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being ..., as to Five Pounds per Head;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Coaches and Chariots, of all Sorts, imported, be charged at Fifty Pounds apiece.

Resolved, &e. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Sorts of Garments, and Wearing Apparel, cut out, or made up, imported, be charged at Fifty Pounds per Centum, ad Valorem, and Confiscation.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Charters, or Grants to any Corporation, Company, Liberty, or Lords of Manors, that shall pass the Great Seal, not exceeding one Skin of Parchment, pay Two Pounds;

For every other Skin of Parchment, One Pound'.

Resolved, &c.That all Grants in Fee, Leases for Years, and other Grants, where any Relit is reserved to his Majesty, that shall pass'under the Great Seal, Privy Seal, or Seal of the Exchequer, not exceeding one Skin of Parchment, shall pay One Pound;

For every other Skin of Parchment, Ten Shillings.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Grants of any Sum of Money, that shall pass under the Privy Seal; and all Pardons for any Crime or Offence, or for any Sum of Money, or Forfeiture, not exceeding one Skin of Parchment, shall pay Two Pounds;

For every other Skin of Parchment, One Pound.

Y y Resolvedf

178 6° — *!° Decetotbris. 70.

8 of ply i

Cirencester

Writ.

Exporting Iteer, &c.

j- for the Noes, 130. j> for the Yeas, 66.-

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Presentations and Donations, under the Great Seal of England;all Collations, by either Archbishop, or any other Bishop; all Presentations and Donations, by any Corporation, or private Patron, to any Benefice, or Spiritual Promotion, provided such Benefice or Promotion be of the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, shall pay Two Pounds:

If such Spiritual Promotion be of the Value of Fifty . Pounds per Annum, shall pay Ten Shillings.

The Vote of the Committee being read the Second time, for all Persons that hold Two Livings to pay Ten Pounds for a Dispensation;

An Amendment being proposed, of adding " obtain," instead of " hold," in that Vote;

And the Question being put, To add the Words " shall obtain," instead of " hold," in that Vote;

The House divided.

The Y eas go out.

Tellers,

Sir Francis Clarke,

Sir Robert Holt,

Sir Nich. Carew,

Sir Thom. Lee,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To add the Words " Five Miles Distance;"

It passed in the Negative.

The main Question being put, To agree with the Committee, that all Persons who hold Two Livings, for every Dispensation, shall pay Ten Pounds;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty's Supply, all Deeds inrolled, shall pay Ten Shillings.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Fines rated, at the Alienation Office, at or above Six Shillings and Eight-pence, and under Twenty Shillings, shall pay Three Shillings and Four-pence.

And all above Twenty Shillings, Six Shillings and Eight-pence.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Common Recoveries, suffered in the Court of Common Pleas, of any Lands or Tenements, shall pay One Pound.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty's Supply, all Original Writs and Subpoenas, issuing out of the Court of Chancery and Exchequer; all Latitats, and Bills of Middlesex, issuing out of the King’s Bench; all s, issuing

out of the Common Pleas; Qs issuing out of the

Office ofPleasin the Exchequer; all Process and Mandates whatsoever, issuing out of the Marshal’s Court, Marches of Wales, or Duchy of Lancaster, or any inferior Court, as well in Corporations as elsewhere; and where no Process or Mandate issues there, upon entering the Actions as in London; shall pay, for each, Sixpence.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree w'ith the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Process, Writs, Mandates, or Precepts, renewed, shall pay Four-pence.

Ordered, That the further Debate of the Report be adjourned till Tomorrow, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, of the Death of the Lord Neicburgh, w ho lately served as a Member of this House, for the Town of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth, under the Great Seal, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, in his Place and Stead.

Sir John Coventry and Sir George Hungerford be added

to the Committee to which the Bill for exporting Beer and Coal, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees, saving the Committee Committee*; for the Matter of his Majesty’s Supply, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

*4

Mercurii, 7° die Decembris, 1670. Prayers.

AN additional Bill against Conventicles was read. Conventicle*; Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House then resumed the Consideration of the Re- Williams* port delivered in from the Committee to which the Bill, Estate, on the Behalf of Mr. Williams, was committed, for vacating a Decree made by Commissioners, touching certain Fen Lands: Which Report, containing the State of the Case, and Evidence, was read: And the Matter debated:

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And the Committee are directed to take care for the vacating the said Decrees: And the said Committee is revived; and to sit at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And all the Members of this House, which are of the Long Robe, are added to the Committee.

The House then proceeded in the further Consideration Supply, of the Report of the Committee of the whole House for his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all other Writs, Process, Mandates, and Precepts, where any Officers have any Fee above the Clerk’s Pains for writing, and such Officer’s Fee shall be above One Shilling, shall pay Sixpence.

The Vote of the Committee being read, that all Warrant3 or Mandates, made by any Sheriff, Bailiff of Liberty, or other Officers, for which they shall receive One Shilling and Four-pence, or above, shall pay Six-pence;

And the Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

The Vote of the Committee being read, that all Warrants or Mandates under One Shilling and Four-pence, and above Six-pence, shall pay Four-pence;

And the Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

The Vote of the Committee being read, that all Warrants for Mandates, under Six-pence, shall be charged to pay Two-pence.

And the Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Exemplifications, of what Nature soever, not exceeding one Skin of Parchment, shall pay Seven Shillings;

For every other Skin, Five Shillings.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, the Copies of all Pleadings, Orders, Depositions, and Proceedings whatsoever, in the Court of Chancery, Exchequer Chamber, or Duchy, per Sheet, shall pay Tw o-pence.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty's Supply, all Copies of Declarations and Proceedings in any other Courts at Westminster, where there is now charged Eight-pence per Sheet, shall pay Tw’o-pence;

Where now charged at Four-pence per Sheet to pay, per Sheet, One Peny.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all other Courts whatsoever shall pay, per Sheet, One Peny.

Resolved,

22 Car. II.

17° — 8° De

*79

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the

Committee, that all Orders, Affidavits, Reports, and Copies thereof, if but one Side Or Sheet, shall pay Six-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty's Supply, all Special Bails, taken in any of the Courts of Westminster Hall, or before any of the Judges, shall pay Six-pence.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Common Bails or Appearances for any Defendant, in any the Courts whatsoever, shall be charged to pay Six-pence.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty's Supply, all Rules or Orders, made in any of the Courts of Westminster, and Copies of the same, except in the Chancery, English Bill Side in the Exchequer, Duchy Court, and Rules for Answer, shall pay Two-pence.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Judgments in Debt, or other Judgments, signed by the Master of any Office, or his Deputy, Secondary, Prothonotary, Clerk, or other Officer belonging to any the aforesaid Courts, except such as is hereafter expressed, shall pay One Shilling.

Resolved, Scc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Decrees and Dismissions for signing by the Court of Chancery, Exchequer, or Duchy of Lancaster, shall pay Five Shillings.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty's Supply, for inrolling any Decree or Dismission in any of the Courts aforesaid, there shall be paid, per Sheet, Four-pence.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Records of NisiPrius, not exceeding One Press of Parchment, made out of any the Courts aforesaid, shall pay Two Shillings and Six-pence;

For every other Press, Two Shillings and Six-pence.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, for the Copies of all Records taken out of any of the Courts at Westminster, or any Office belonging to the same, and not before charged; and all Proceedings in the Exchequer Chamber, and Writs of Error; there be paid, j?er Sheet, Three-pence.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Postea's, returned by the Clerk of the Assize, shall pay One Shilling.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Recognizances inrolled, and Statutes, pay Two Shillings and Six-pence.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Appeals or Writs of Error, from any inferior Court to a superior, be charged to pay, per Sheet, Six-pence;

For every Order thereupon, One Shilling.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Citations, Excommunications, Libels, Answers thereto, and Depositions and Orders, to be charged, per Sheet, Four-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That tin’s House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Commissions, and other Process, except what is before charged, shall pay Two Shillings and Six-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Probates of Wills, the Inventory being under the Value of One hundred Pounds, and above Forty Pounds, shall be charged to pay One Shilling;

If above the Value of One hundred Pounds, to pay Five Shillings;

If above Five hundred Pounds, to pay Ten Shillings;

If above One thousand Pounds, to pay One Pound.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Vo L. IX.

Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, the samd Rates be charged upon all Administrations, as is chaged upon the Probates of Wills.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all Institutions and Collations be charged to pay Five Shillings.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, for every Licence whatsoever, there shall be paid Three Shillings and Four-pence.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, for the Copies of all Wills registered, there shall be paid, by the Sheet, the same Rates as Citations and Depositions are before in the Ecclesiastical Court charged to pay, per Sheet, Four-pence.

Resolved, Scc.That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, tow ards his Majesty’s Supply, all Copied of Inventories pay after the same Rate, per Sheet, Four-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, all other Proceedings in any the Courts, and in the Delegates, not before charged, per Sheet, the same Rate of Four-pence.

Resolved, Sec. That, towards the King’s Supply, there shall be an Imposition upon some Proceedings in the Court of Admiralty.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee appointed to take an Account of the Officers of the several Offices, in order to the making an Estimate of the Impositions for his Majesty’s Supply in other Courts; to consider upon what Proceedings an Imposition may be laid in the Court of Admiralty.

Resolved, Sec. That a Bill be brought in upon the several Heads agreed to by the House; and that it be referred to the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in the other Bills for his Majesty’s Supply: And Mr. Dowdeswell and Mr. Millcard be added to the Committee.

Resolved, &c. That the House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House, To-morrow-, at Ten of the Clock, in order to the receiving of further Propositions towards his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That Mr. Weld, Sir Robert Cordell, Sir John sir II. Trott, Sir Fretzvilc Hollis, Sir John Fagg, be added to the Williams’ Committee to whom the Bill concerning Sir Henry £state* Hams, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Decembris, 1670.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Francis Courtenay Esquire, Courtenay’s to join with Sir William Courtenay, his Father, in a Estate. Conveyance for settling their Estate, was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Francis Courtenay Esquire, to join with Sir William Courtenay, his Father, in a Conveyance for settling their Estate.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Daughters and Coheirs Fitz James’ of Sir John Fitz James, to join in a Sale of Lands for Estate. Payment of his Debts, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Daughters and Coheirs of Sir John Fitz James, to join in a Sale of Lands, for Payment of his Debts.

&C.

An ingrossed Bill for Continuance of a former Act, Arrests of intituled, An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgments, and Judgments, superseding Executions, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Continuance of a former Act to prevent

Arrests

i8o

8° — 9° Decetnbris.

A. 1670,

Arrests of Judgments, and superseding Executions: And mate of the Commodities charged towards his Majesty's Sir Jonathan Trelawny is to carry up the Bill to the Supply: Who are revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in Lords. the Place formerly appointed.

Lord Scaf- An Act, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ford’s Estate, confirming Agreements between the Lord Viscount Stafford and his Lady, and their customary Tenants and Copyholders, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, after Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

BUl’s Estate. An Act, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the rectifying a Mistake of Dates, of Deeds, mentioned in an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable John Bill Esquire, to sell certain Lands in Kent and Surrey, read; and ordered a Second Reading.

Ordered, That Sir Edmond Poley, and Sir Allen Erode-ricke, be added to the Committee to which the Bill on the Behalf of the Lady Williams is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Packinglon, Sir Committea

Sir Will. Hartopp, Sir Will.Farmer, Colonel Sands, Mr. of Privilege*.

Trenchard, Mr. Stanhop, Lord O Brian, Mr. Duckett,

Sir John Pelham, Mr. Packer, Sir Robert Holt, Mr

Col. Williams, Mr. Turgis, Sir Edw. Harley, Mr. Peir-point, Sir John Knight, Mr. Price, Sir Wm. Thomas, Mr.

Morgan, be added to the Committee of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Williams'

Estate.

Veneris, 9* die Decembris, 1670.

Prayers.

SI R John Brampston reports from the Committee to Daw«s*

which the Petition of Sir JDcnces Baronet was Petition, committed, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the Petition; and heard the Parties concerned; and it was the Opinion of the Committee, that the Tallies mentioned in the Petition, be delivered to Sir Dawes.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver the Tallies mentioned in the Petition, to the said Sir John Doxies.

Conventicles. An additional Bill to prevent seditious Conventicles, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Mibward, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Williamson, Sir Thom. Allen, Sit Thom. Hanmer, Six Adam. Browne,

Sir John Moreton, Sir Char. Wheeler, Mr. Wright, Col.

Phillips, Sir Fran.Clarke, Sir Robert Holt, SirJohn Knight,

Mr. Pleydall, Sir Jonath.Trelawny, Sir Philip Musgrave,

Col. Birch, Mr. Boscmen, Mr. Su'infen, Sir Thom. Lee, A Petition of divers poor Artificers, Handicraftsmen, London Sir John Brampston, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Ford, Lord and others, in and about the City of London, in Behalf of Artificers, Richardson, Sir FretzvileHollis, Sir Solomon Swale, Colonel themselves and others, was read. &c. Pentium

Sands, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Warren, Sir Resolved, &c. That the Petition be committed to Sir Gilbert Talbot, Col. Reames, Col. Kirby, Sir Nich.Carew, Charles Harbord, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Anthony Irby,

Sir John Covert, Mr. Garraway, Mr Chumley, Sir Thom. Mr. Coleman, Mr. Sprye, Sir Thom. Sir Robert

Meeres, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Secherell: And all Carr, Mr. Waller, Colonel Kirby, Sir Thom. Sir

that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Love, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Edm.

Windham, Mr. Garraxcay, Mr. Sir Temple,

Mr. Greenvile, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Moreton, Mr.

Wren, Sir John Lowther, Sir Jonath. Sir

Browne, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Hobby, Sir Herbert Price,

Privilege — A Petition of Mr. Barnal>y Boxvtell, now in Custody of Col. Whitley, Mr. Williamson, Sir Sir

Petition from the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege, was read. Robert Holt, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Bowtell be discharged of Progers, Sir John Sir Tho. Slingsby, Sir Phil.

his Commitment, paying his Fees. Mounckton: And all that shall come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Ordered, That Sir William Lowther have Leave to go Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And into the Country. to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

a Person in custody.

Leave of Absence.

Supply.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and humbly moved, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to consider of the Valuations and Estimates of the Commodities charged towards his Majesty’s Supply; and that the House would resolve into a Committee on Saturday Morning next, for receiving new Heads of Proposals for his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to consider of the Valuations and Estimates of the Commodities charged towards his Majesty’s Supply; and that the House will resolve into a Committee on Saturday Morning next, for receiving new Heads of Proposals for his Majesty’s Supply.

A List of being delivered in to the House, from the Farmers of his Majesty's Customs;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said List be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of an Esti-

14

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee to whom Supply, it was referred to set a Value and Estimate on the Commodities charged towards his Majesty’s Supply, an Estimate in Writing: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table, with some other Papers returned from the Farmers of the Customs.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Consideration of the Valuation and Estimate of the Commodities charged towards his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports that the Committee, having considered of the Matters to them committed, were of Opinion, that the additional Duty charged upon the Excise, and the Impositions upon foreign Commodities, together with the Paper Bill, will, in the Whole, amount to Four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee in their Opinion, that the additional Duty charged upon the Excise, and the Impositions upon foreign Commodities, together with the Paper Bill, will," in the Whole, amount to Four hundred thousand Pounds plr Annum.

Ordered,

I'

N

(Sill

I !T 1-

(V

?./

M

If T

r-u

r-’ t:.£

hi:

c; 1 hid

h

flOf.

y.vr,

} ’

IT

T_. jr ft-.

hr,

s V-

!!' h-all

F,

lift

io°~-i2° Decembris.

22 Car. II.

181

CommitteM. Ordered, That all Committees that were tb sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock ih die Afterrioon; to sit irr the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till To-rtiOitoW doming, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 10° die , 1670.

PftATEUS.

BamingCora A MENDMENTS, sent from the Lords, to the Bill and Hay /i. to prevent malicious burning of Houses, Stacks of Uc Corn and Hay, and killing or maiming of Cattle, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Amendments be inserted;

and that the Amendments be read a’ Third time.

Mtasarttfuad A Bill for continuing Two former Acts, viz. An Act pnc«of^ fOT regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals; the c' other, An Act for to prevent Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments and Recognizances; was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Coleman, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Doyley,

Sir John Coriton, Sir Edw. Harley, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Crouch, Sir Jonath. Tretauny, Sir Anth. , Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Adam Col. Birch, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Sprye, Lord Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir John and all' the Gen-

tlemen of the Long Robe; And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

toon. Ordered, That the Committees, appointed to draw up Reasons, upon the Bill concerning Jurors, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Rrpairing Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for Churches. Reparation of Churches was committed, be revived; and do sit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Plpce formerly appointed.

K«sm Sir John Birkenhead reports from the Committee to

Vicarage, which the Bill for uniting the Vicarage and Parsonage of Rosse, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be Aiacfe to the sard Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after dCRverCd the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being twice read; and, upon the Question, se--verally agreed;

Risbtved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgros'sed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sit Thtm. EsicoUrt;

Fidderaiin- Mr. Speaker, The Lords have Commanded us to ac-itw Sufis* quaint you, that they have agreed to the Bill, sent from this House, for regulating of Kidderminster Stufls; and to the Bill on the Behalf of the Daughters of Robert Hammond Esquire, deceased; without uny Amendment: Lord Irwin* And have sent you down another Bill, intituled, An Act Lute. for impowering the ExCctitors and Trustees of Henry late Lord Ingram, Viscount in the Kingdom of Scolland, deceased, to sell certain Lands for the Payment of Debts and Legacies: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Derby A Petition of George Vernon Esquire was read.

Election. Resolved, &c. That the Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition, and also the whole Matter of Fact, relating to the Election of the Knight to serve for the County of Derby, ind certify it, with their Opinions, to the House.

The Kin? Mr. Secretary Trevor acquainted Mr. Speaker, that it appoints to was jjs Majesty’s Pleasure, the House Should attend »iuude. hjnl^ at rp en of Clock this Morning, , in the Ban-auetting House at Whitehall:

Vol. IX*

And accordingly tire HoUSe adjdtimfed to Eleven of the Clock:

And Mr. Speaker, with the House; attended hi»

Majesty.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, returning;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House with the Effect of what his Majesty was pleased to impart.

The Question being propounded, Thatfurther Instruc- Supply; tiens be now prepared for the Committee of the whole House, for his Majesty’s Supply;

The Question being put, Th atthis Question betjoW put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative;

The main Question being put, That further Instructions be now prepared for the Committed of the Whole House, for his Majesty’s Supply;

The House divided.

The Yeas go oat.

Tellers,

Sir Thom. Higgons, 1 f a

Mr. Howard j forth.Treas, IsS.

Sir Thom. Lee, 1 p tue -Moes 2

Sir NickCarew,) for the JNoes’ 112,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative;

The Question being propounded, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to consider of Means for the raising a present Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards his Majesty's Supply, but not by a Land Tax;

And the Question being put, That the Words u of about," to be added after the Word " Sum'," be nadde Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Sir John Talbott, 1 , - , y

Sir Edm. Windham, f for the YeaS’ 12V

Sir Nick Carew, j t XT,

Sir John Coriton,j for foe Now, u,.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to consider of Means for the raising a present Sum of about, and not exceeding Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards his Majesty’s Supply, but not by a Land Tax.

Resolved, That the House will, on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to receive Propositions, for the raising of his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, &c. That, after Wednesday next, no turther Propositions be received, for the raising of his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned till Mon- Committee*. day, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 12° die Decembris, 1670.

PjlAtEhS.

ABIL L, sent from the Lords, foil impowering the Lor(j Erwin* Executors and Trustees of Henry late Lord Ingram, Estate. Viscount Eruin in the Kingdom of Scotland, deceased, to sell certain Lands, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, Was read.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for rectifying a Mistake Bill’s Estate* of Dates of Deeds mentioned in an Act, intituled, An Act to enable John Bill Esquire to sell certain Lands in Kent and Surrey, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Hugh WindSir

Wiseman, Mr. Mort ice, Sir Thom. Mr. Morris,

Sir Francis Windham, Lord Fanthm, Mr, Collins, Sir

Z z

a-

l82

12° — 13d Decembris-

A. 1670.

Clifton’s

Estate.

Lord

Sta&rd’i

Estate.

Char. Harbord, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Sir Thom.

Allen, Mr. Bartu, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Edw. Sir

John Talbott, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Ford, Lord Richardson, Sir John Knight, Mr. Wright, Sir Edw. Foley, Sir Thom. Gower, Six Will.Hayward, and all that serve for

London> Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill, sent frohi the Lords, intituled, An Act for better Payment of the Debts of Sir Clifford Clifton Knight, deceased, and raising Portions for his Daughters, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming Agreements, between the Lord Viscount Stafford and his Lady, and their customary Tenants and Copyholders, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Swin-Jyn, Sir Solom.Swale, Sir Anthony IrbSir

Mr. Westphaling, Sir Edw. Harley, Sir Robert Bameham, Sir Thom. Hanmer, Sir Nich. Carew, Mr mdy, Lord Richardson, SirThom.Allen, Sir Gilbert Talbott, S\xEdw. Dec-ring, Sir John Knight, Sit Hugh Windham, Mr.

Resolved, &c. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, &c. That the calling over the House be ad- Call of th* journed till this Day Sevenniglit. House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned till To- Committee# morrow’, Tw’o of the Clock in the Afternoon; to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Maiiis, 13° die Decembris, 1670. Prayers.

A BILL, sent from the Lords, for the better Pay- Clifton'* ment of the Debts of Sir Clifford Clifton Knight, Estate, deceased, and raising of Portions for his Daughters, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Scc.That the Bill be committed to Colonel Sandys, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr Mr.

Maynard, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir John Sir7

Sir Edm. Pooley, Mr. Morrice, Sir John Bennet, Sir Char. Lord Richardson, "S Ir. Bus-

Harbord, Sir Thom.Higgons, Mr. Grenvile, Mr. Maynard, Sir Edw. Mr. Ford, Sir Robert Sir

Colonel Titus, Mr. Waller, Sir Robert Holmes, Mr. Tren-chard, Sir Thom. Ingram, S\r John Brampston, Sir Rich/Tem-pk. Sir John Mounson, Mr. Milward, Mr. Fox,... Dowds-we.ll, Sir T/um.Gower, Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. Dillington, Sir

Edw. Massey, Sir Thom.Meeres, Lord Ancram, Serjeant

Rowl. Berkley, Sir Francis GoodriSix John Birkenhead,

Mr. Winn, Sir Denzill Hollis, Sir Coventry, Sir

mon Swale, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Talbot, Sir John Hanmer, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Sir Char. Harbord, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Bennett, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Hobby, Sir

Supply.

Public k Accounts.

Supply.

Seys, Sir Edmond Windham, Sir Charl.Tufton, Mr Crouch, Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Knight, Mr. Westphaling, Mr.

Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Jay, Mr. Knowles, Sir Thom.Basset, Strickland, Mr. Sprie, Sir John Sir

Sir John Newton, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Spencer, Colonel Lord Ancram, Mr. Eyres, Sir Will. Hickman, Sir Edward

Meale, Mr. Bartu, Lord Clifford, and all that serve for the Harley, Sir Francis Clarke, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Edw. Counties oiGloucester, Shropshire, erndHerefordshire: And Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. Seymoure, and all the

they are to meet at Twro of the Clock, Tomorrow in the Members that serve for the several Counties of and Afternoon: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Members in Arrear of Aid.

The House being informed, that there are Arrears of Monies, in the Hands of some Members of this House, of the former Aids given to his Majesty; who, in respect of Privilege, are not sued;

The Question being put, That they be now named;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Some Persons being accordingly named;

Resolved,&c. That a List be brought in, of the Names of such Members of this House, in whose Hands are any Arrears of Monies of the former Aids given to his Majesty; what the Sums are; and who are bound as Security

Nottingham: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Digby Esquire was read: Wherein Privilege. Charles Cornwallis Esquire, a Member of this House, being concerned;

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Petition be sent to Mr. Cornwallis, to the end he may give or send his Answer thereto, on Thursday next

A Bill for regulating of Labourers, Servants, and Servant*

&c.

for others; against Tomorrow Morning: And Sir. Geo. Downing is to bring the same in accordingly.

Resolved, 8cc. That Thursday next, be added another Day for receiving Propositions for his Majesty’s Supply. The Question being put, That the House be adjourned; The House divided.

Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Mr. Hales,

Sir Thomas Lee,

Sir John Talbot,

Sir John Hanmer,

So it parsed in the Negative.

j. for the Yeas, j- for the Noes,

84.

137.

P

ft

:,\l

\C-

t>:

k*lr

V'\

\.i"

JfJ

Vi

j

Artificers, Apprentices, and for settling the Rates of " attes> Wages, w’as read:

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, See. That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill, upon the Debates of the House, for regulating Servants Wages, setting the Poor on Work, and remedying other Inconveniences: And that it be referred to the former Committee, to whom the Matter was formerly committed, to inspect the Laws concerning the Poor: And that the Committee be revived; and do sit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And that Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Brampston, Sir Solomon Sir Carew, Mr. Dowds-

well, Mr. Cheney, Sir Coventry, Sir Thom. Lee,

Col. Birch, Mr. Coleman, Sir Thom. Mr. Maynard, Mr. Waller, Mr. be added to the

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking the pub- Committee: And it is referred to them, or any Three lick Accounts, at Brooke-house, be sent, to bring in an of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill.

Account of what Debts are owing to his Majesty, and

by whom, against Tomorrow Morning. Sir George reports a List of the Names of such Member* it

Members of this House, in whose Hands are any Arrears Arrenr ot The House then resolved into a Committee of the of Monies, of the former Aids given to his Majesty: Aid. whole House, upon the Consideration of his Majesty’s Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the

Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which was again read.

The Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts, at Brooke-house, being called into the Bar of the House, did there read, and deliver in, an Account and List of Monies

owing

mh

5>, it.

lAfrf

22 Car. II. 13’ — I40

owing to his Majesty: WhichVaS again read } and the Matter debated:

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed, to in* spect the Accounts, delivered in, of Monies in Arrear to his Majesty; and to consider of the Debates of the House thereupon; and what Monies are in Arrear from the several Counties; and how they may be recovered; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions what they think fit to be done therein:

And it is referred to Mr. Garraway, Sir Robert Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Williamson, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Thom. Metres, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Will. Morley, Mr. Maynard, Col. Reames, Lord Col. Williams,

Sir Adam Browne, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Thom.

Sir Phil. Howard, Mr. Sprye, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thom. Dolman, Mr. Clarke. Sir Pooley,

Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Kirkby, Sir John

Mr. King, Mr. Smith, Mr. Morrice, Sir John Coventry: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committct Ordered, &c. That Sir Ph Mr. Trenchard,

of Privileges. Sir Will. Thomas, and Sir John , be added to the

Committee of Privileges.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges do sit this Afternoon; and appoint a Time for hearing the Matter, touching the Breach of Privilege, between Mr. Seymour and Mr. Nosworthy.

Committtos Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; to sit in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14° die Decembris, 1670.

Prayers.

Lord frwin’» A BILL, sent from the Lords, for empowering the Estate. J\_ Executors and Trustees of Henry late Lord Ingram, Viscount Irwin in the Kingdom of Scotland, deceased, to sell certain Lands for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Thom. Ingram, Sir Will.Coventry, Mr. Mountague, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Spry, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Bennet, Sir Thom. Clergis, Mr. Williamson, Sir

Solomon Swale, Sir Henry Herbert, Sir Sir

Thom. Hatrmer, Sir John Moreion, Mr Mr. Crouch,

Sir John Newton, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Rich. Franck-

lyn, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Progers, Sir Francis Clarke,

and all that serve for the Counties of For Ice and Lincolne: And theyare to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Falmouth -Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill concerned!). ing the Church erected at Falmouth, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Amendments be inserted; and the Bill read a Third time; and returned to the Lords.

Fuming Cora Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill against sod Hay maiming Cattle, and malicious burning of Houses, and Stacks. Stacks of Com and Hay, were read a Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill be returned to the Lords.

Manufacture Sir John Birkenhead reports from the Committee to f>rpreserving which the Bill for preserving of Shipping, was re-com-Shipping. nritted, some Amendments agreed to be made, and a Proviso to bt added to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerks lable: And the same being twice read, and agreed:

Vol. IX. 6

— 150 Decembris.

Resolved, See, That the Bill, with agreed to, be ingrossed.

*83

the Amendments

Ordered, That the Committee for taking the Account Indigeat of the Money payable to the indigent loyal Officers, be Officer*, revived; and do sit on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

A Bill for establishing Lands, in Pine, upon Stafford’s

Hugh Stafford Esquire, was read. E»tate.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative,

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do this Afternoon.

g{£ Committee of Grievance*

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, upon his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply; and humbly moved, that the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of thg Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

The House being informed, that Mr. being privilege,

very ill, is not able to send in his Answer to the Petition of John Digby Esquire, by Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That he have further Time till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places, formerly appointed; except the Committee, to whom the Matter concerning' Four Pounds per Ton upon Wine, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 15 die Decembris, 1670.

Prayers.

THE Bill for ascertaining Measures of Corn and com and Sail Salt, was read a Second time. Measurt*.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Colonel Birch, Sir Solom.Swale, Mr. Ford, Sir Mr.

Maynard, Colonel Reames, Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Henley, Sir Thom. Haunter, Sir Geo.Cmrthop,

Sir John Hamner, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Mallet, Sir John

Coventry, Sir Edit'. Deering, Mr. CMr. King, Mr.

Gray, Sir Robert Carr, Lord Richardson, Sir Thom. Allen,

Sir John Bennet, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Morrice, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Hobby, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Thom.

Mr. Buscmcen, Sir John Knight, Mr. Westphaling, Sir '

Nich. Carerw, Sir Jonath. Trelawny:And all that shall

come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to consider of the Debates of the House: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

and Sir Edw.Harley, be added the Copmutee of rnvileges and Elections.

t> 4rPe,tltI0" of the Bail»ffs, Wardens, and Assistants, of SilkWaa* tae Trade, Art, and Mystery of the Weavers of in£

m

igw — - x6°-=i7° D'etembris. A. 167a.

in behalf 6$ themselves, and the whole Trade of Weaving, was read.

Resolved,8cc. That Leave be given to bring'in a Clause, oh the Behalf of the Petitioners, for answering the Duties oh foreign wrought Silks and Stuffs; and for the encouraging of the native Artists.

Supply* The House then resolved into a Committee, to pro-

ceed in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made a good Progress in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Teh of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, See. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of W4 Majesty’s Siipply: And that the Committee expedite the Obhsiderition of the Matters before them: And to tfiake Report of their Proceedings Tomorrow.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That this Petition btf ctmiraitMl tb thd Committee, to which the Bill for settling the Maintenance of the Ministers of London is committed; to take the Matter into Consideration; and to make sbeh' Provision fbf the Petitioners, as they shall find just.

Ordered, That William Woolley Cferk, privilege,

and Tkbmas Parsons, Bailiffs, employed by the said Mr.'

Woolley, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, to answer their Breach of Privilege, in arresting Robert Massey, thd menial Servant of Mr. How, a’ Member of thife House, though they knew him to be Mr. s Servant.

Sir John Talbott reports from the Committee, to which Lord En»ia’» the Bill, sentfrom the Lords, concerning the Lord Erwin, Estate, was committed, that the Committee had perused the Bill} and returned it, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Third time.

Sir John Knight reports from the Committee, to which Clifton’* the Bill, sent from the Lords, on behalf of the Lady Estate. ton, was committed, that the Committee had perused the Bill; and returned if, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Third time.

Sir Solomon Swale reports from the Committee, to which Bill’s Estate, the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning Major Bill, was committed, that the Committee had perused the Bill; and returned it, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Third time.

Veittrih, 16* die 1670.

Prayers.

Lindsey A PETITION of Sir Henry Heron, and others, Level. Participants and Purchasers, in Lindsey Level, of

.; the Fens, was read.

' A Motion being rhade, on the Behalf of Sir

Jiam rew, to have the Cause concerning Level

beard at the Bar of the House;

Ordered, That the Cause concerning Lindsey Level be heard, at the Par of this House, the Tuesday Sevennight after Twelfth-day; and that all Parties concerned, and Witnesses ori both Sides, do then attend accordingly.

St. Saviour’s A Petition beingtendered, on the Behalf of the Church-Parub. wardens and Parishioners of St. Saviour's, Southwurlcc;

Ordered, That the Petition on the Behalf of the Church-wardens and Parishioners of Saviour's,

warke, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. The f/odse then resolved into a Committee of the

whole House for the Kings Supply.

Ml. Speaker left the air.

Mr. SeyrnoUr took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. speaker resumed the Chair.

Refolded, 8tc. That this House be resolved into a Chmitiktee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of fiiS ^Idjesty’s Supply: And that the Committee expedite the Consideration of the Matters before them: And to make Report of their Proceedings To-mofrow.

Exporting t Ordered, That Sir John Fagg, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Beer, &c. Nicholas Carexo, be added to the Committee, to whom ’ the Bill for Exportation of Beer and Coal, was committed.

Sir William Hoyley reports from the Committee, to William’s which the Bill on the Behalf of Henry Williams Esquire, Estate, for vacating a Decree made by Commissioners, touching certain Fen Lands, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the same being twice read, and agreed;

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir John Knight reports from the Committee appointed Duty * to examine the Matter contained in the Petition ol William Wine8* Bulkley, and others, whether the ImpositionofThree hundred and Ten thousand Pounds upon Wines besatlsfied, ilRtsolved, &c. That it be reported to the House, that this Committee are of Opinibn, that the Sum of Three hundred and Ten thousand Pounds, and Interest, due upon the said Act fbrthe imposition on Wines, is already raised, secured, or recoverable, by virtue of the said Act, by Wines already imported."

Ordered, That an Address be made to his Majesty, by such Members of the House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, humbly , to desire him, to give Order, that a Stop be made of any further levying the Imposition of Four Pounds per Ton, formerly imposed on WifteS, for the raising the Sum of Three hundred and Ten thousand Pounds, and Interest.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir MondefordBramp-ston and Sir William Glascocke:

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have returned you the Bill Boston for improving the Navigation between Boston and the Navigation. River Trent, with some Amendments.

And they have also sent you down a Bill, intituled, Lord NV-An Act to enable the making Conveyances of Part of r«ys*Estate, the Estate of James Lord Norrcys, during his Minority.

St. Saviour’s Parish,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Strickland and Sir Francis Comp- Bromely’i ton, be added to the Committee, to Bill on the Estate.

Behalf of Mr. Bromcly, was committed.

Sabbat), IT die Decembris, 1670.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Churchwardens and Parishioners of the Parish of St. Saviour’s, in

the County of Surrey, was read.

The House then resolved in a Committee of the whole Supply. House, to proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty’s -Supply.

Mr. Sey/Uour reports from the Committee of the whole House for his Majesty's Supply, several Resolves agreed

24 by

b

1(1

h

a;CAR. II. *7° — ‘ — i90 Deceinb

by the Committee: Which he read In his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerks Table.

The First Resolve of the Committee, That, towards

his Majesty’s Supply, every one that resorts to any the Playhouses, who sits in the Box, shall pay Twelve-pence; every one who sits in the Pit, shall pay Six-pence; and every other Person, Three-pence; being twice read;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in that Resolve;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Resolves of the Committee were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and are as followeth, viz.

Resolved,&c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Raising of the Sum of about, and not exceeding, Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards his Majesty’s Supply, be, by way of Subsidies, of the present yearly Value; and that Monies, Goods, and Offices, be charged thereunto.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that every One hundred Pounds shall pay Ten Shillings.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Monies in the Hands of the Bankers shall be particularly charged.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that all Monies in the Hands of the Bankers be charged to pay, for every Hundred Pound, Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, &e That the House doth agree with the Committee, that Money may be lent to the Iving at Seven Pound per Cent.; and that Money so lent, or transferred upon any future Security, shall not be charged.

Resolved, &c. That all personal Estates and Stock, (except Stock upon Land, and Iloushold-stuff) be charged to pay Six Shillings lor every Hundred Pounds-worth.

Resolved, &c. That this Mouse doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty’s Supply, the Profits of all Offices be charged at Two Shillings per Pound, and the Profits of all publick Places.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that, towards his Majesty's Supply, all Lands be charged at Twelve-pence per Pound, to be paid by Four Quarterly Payments; the First Payment to be made at Midsummer next.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there shall be Deduction, for Debts, Annuities, and Relit-charges, Fee-larm Rents, and all other reserved Rents.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Commissioners shall be nominated by the King.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Commissioners shall be under the Obligation of an Oath.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Assessors be under an Oath.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Commissioners examine Witnesses upon Oath.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the several Resolves agreed by the House: And it is recommended to Mr. Attorney General to take Care of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to draw the publick Bills for his Majesty’s Supply, do sit this Afternoon, to speed their Bills; and give an Account thereof to the House on Monday next.

Dunce, 19* die ^Decembris, 1670.

Praters.

AMENDMENTS, sent from the Lords, to the Boston

Bill for improving the Navigation between the Navigation. Town of Boston, and the River; and the Clauses

to be added to the Bill; were read: And the Amendments being read the Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

T he First of the Clauses being read the Second time;

The Question being put. To agree to that Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Clause was read a Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Ordered, That the Orders against Protections be re- Members' vived, and printed; and that Copies of the said Orders Protections, be set up at the Exchanges, Westminster Hull Gate,

Guildhall Gate, and the Compters.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to send to the Under Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, and other Persons concerned, to send in an Account of w'hat Protections of Privilege have been delivered into their Offices; and to examine, what Protections of Privileges have been granted, by whom, and to whom, and w'hen; and to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Anth.Irby, Mr. Sir

Gilbert Talbott, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Morris, Sir 1 ho. Sir John

Dazt ney; Mr . Westphaling, Sir U ni. Coventry, Sir

Holt, Lord Fansharr, Sir John Heath, Sir Tho. Allen,

Coi. Sandys, Sir John Talbott, Sir Solo. Col.

hams, Sir Rob. Carr, Mr. Coleman, Serj. Maynard, Mr.

Price, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Col.

Titus, Lord Ancram, Seij. Charleton, Mr or

any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambe.r,

Mr. Secretary Trevor acquaints Mr. Speaker, That it Adjourn-was his Majesty’s Pleasure, that the House Should adjourn, ment. from Tomorrow, unto the Twenty-ninth of this Instant

December.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the Privilege. Matter of Privilege, between Mr. Coi'newallis and Mr.

Digby.

Air. Digby being called in to the House, and owning the Petition by him exhibited;

The Petition of Mr. Digby was again read.

The Answer of Mr. Comezcallis was read: And the Matter debated.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to consider of the Petition of Mr. Digby, and the Answer of Mr. Cornewallis; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The Bill, on the Behalf of Colonel Williams, was Williams* read the Third time. Estate.

A Proviso, to be added, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill: And that the Title of the Bill be, An Act for vacating a Decree for settling the Boundary and Extents of the Manors of Ramsey and W , in the County of Huntington c And that Sir Wm.Doyly do carry up the

Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That all that come have Voices at the Committee, to whom the Bill for the indigent loyal Officers, was committed.

Ordered, That the Answer returned in by Mr. -wadis, to the Petition of Mr. Digby, be taken into Consideration the first Business on Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till4 Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

VoUX.

The Question being put, That the Report of the Seaford Election of Seaford be now heard; Electioi

It passed in the Negative:

The Question being put, That the Report of the Election for Seaford be heard Tomorrow Morning.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Repbft from the Committee of Elections, concerning the Election of Seaford, be heard upon Friday Three Weeks next.

3 A Ordered,

186

190 — 20° D

A. 1670.

Committee of Grievances.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do sit upon Wednesday Month next; and do examine the Matter ol Grievance, formerly complained of, against Mr. Reading and others, by Petition referred to the said Committee: And that Mr, be sent to the Parties concerned.

Reading do cause Notice to

Privilege.

Serjeant Charleton reports from the Committee of Privileges, the State of the Case concerning the Breach of Privilege complained of to be committed, by Lawrence Squibb Gentleman, against Sir John Moreton; and that the Committee, upon the whole Matter, were of Opinion, That there was a Breach of Privilege committed by Mr. Squibb.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That there is a Breach of Privilege committed by Mr. Squibb

Irby, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Solo. Swale, to prepare Reasons for the Conference.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders and Inhabitants of St. Giles' in the Fields, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition be committed to Mr. Montague, Sir John Caryton, Col. Birch, Sir John Lmvther, Sir Tho. Clergis, Lord St. John, Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Higgon, Sir Har-bord, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir John Coventry, Sir Gilbert

Talbot, Mr. Williamson, Col. Pliillipps, Sir John Bennett, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Steward, Sir John Moreton, Sir Tho. Littleton, Lord Ancram, Col. Sir Phill.

Howard, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Progers, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr.

Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Jones, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Wm.Doyley, Sir Massey, Mr,

Employment of die Poor.

Resolved, &c. That the Serjeant at Arms attending Aish, Mr. Coventry, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Talbot, Col.

this House do apprehend and take into his Custody Mr. Lawrence Squibb, for his Breach of Privilege committed against Sir John Moreton, a Member of this House.

General Nat. Bill.

Indigent

Officers.

The Question being put, That the Bill of Naturalization, sent from the Lords, be read Tomorrow Morning;

The House divide.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,{g£ n^Higgm,} for the Yeas’ 3<i'

Tellers,[Sil.7’/"- Dokman' } for the Noes, 4.

The Question being put, That the Bill of general Naturalization be read the First time that Day Three Weeks the House do meet, after Christmas Day;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee for the indigent loyal Officers;

Mr. Musgrave, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Fran.

Clerke, Sir Wm. Bassett, Sir Charles Wheeler, Col. Gylbey, Major General Edgerton, Sir John Coriton, Sir Thom. Gmver, Sir Wm.Howard, Doctor Bunvdl, Lord

Fanshaw, Colonel Palmer, Sir Ri. Braham, Major Walden, Col. Kirtby, Mr. FoSir Thom.

Williams, Sir Rich. Temple, Lord Allington, Sir Thomas Gower, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. SmLord Richardson,

Sir Francis Clarke, Sir Edmond PyeMr. Trelawny, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Hamden, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Justinian Isham, Sir Nick. Carew, Sir Sir John Frederick, Mr. Garway, Mr. Otway, Mr.

And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And to meet on Thursday Sevennight next at Two of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill on the Behalf of Sir and Francis Watson Esquire, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to Sir Phillip Howard, and Francis Watson Esquire, the sole Use of a Manufacture for the Benefiting of Shipping; and it be carried up to the Lords.

Manufacture for preserving Shipping.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Coleman reports from the Committee, to which the Bill for continuing two former Acts, intituled was committed, That the Committee had perused the Bill; and saw no Cause to make any Amendment in it.

Resolved, &c.

Measures and Prices of Coals.

That the Bill be ingrossed.

Lord

Norryes'

Estate*

Martis, 200die Decembris, 1670.

Prayers.

A BILL, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the making Conveyances of Part of the Estate of James Lord Norryes, during his Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord Erwin’s Estate.

Duty on Win*.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for impowering the Executors and Trustees of Henry late Lord Ingram, Viscount Erwin in the Kingdom of Scotland, deceased, to sell Lands for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed; and the Bill returned to the Lords.

Sir John Duncombe informs the House, that his Majesty had been attended with the Vote and Desire of the House, for taking off the Imposition of Four Pounds per Ton upon Wine: And that his Majesty had yielded to the Desires of the House; and given Order, that the said Duty of Four Pounds per Ton upon Wine Should be taken off.

Sir Robert Steward reports from the Committee to Exporting which the Bill for exporting Beer and Mum, was coin- ®cer» &c> mitted, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read with the Coherence; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Which Amendments were twrice read; and, with some Alterations made at the Table, severally agreed to.

There being two Blanks to be filled up in the Amendment to the Eleventh Line of the Second Folio;

And the Matter, as to the filling up and perfecting that Amendment, being debated;

The Question being put, To re-commit the Bill, upon the Clause of Amendment to the Eleventh Line of the Second Folio;

The House divide.

Te,hn{s"rM, C%cMrs, } for ,hc Noes’ S»-Tellers (Sir Winston Churchill,} , . y,

lelleis’lSir Jonath.Trelawny, Jme Yeas> b3’ And so it passed in the Negative.

The said Amendment, with some Alterations and Additions made at the Table, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, &c. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

t; & III .1/f U b b

Boston

Navigation.

Resolved, &c. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill for improving the Navigation between Boston and the River Trent:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Anth.

for exporting of Coal: And take care of it.

Sir Robert Steward is to Coa*‘

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Goxver have Leave to go Leave of into the Country. Absence.

Resolved,

zf2

mm

SOI

rrii

a

,cfc

22 Car. II. 20° — 290 Decembris. — 30 — 4 187

.’all of the Resolved, &c. That the House be called over on the Hou»e. Ninth Day of January next; and that every Member, who shall then make Default of Attendance, whose Excuse shall not be allowed by the House, shall be doubly assessed in the Bill of Subsidies.

Ordered, That Notice of this Vote be sent, by the Clerk of this House, to the Sheriffs of the several Counties of England and Wales’, to be by them communicated to such Members of Parliament in each County as are concerned.

Weever

Navigation.

A Bill for making the River of Weever navigable, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege — A Petition of John Goodyer, now in Custody of the Petition from Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read, custody!W Resolved, &c. That the said Goodyer be discharged, paying his Fees.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Sevennight next.

Jervis, 29° Decembris, 1670.

Prayers.

Adjourn- 72ESOLVED,&c. That the House do adjourn till

meat. J\ Tuesday Morning next* Nine of the Clock: And that the Bill of Subsidies be then read, the First time, the First Business.

And then the House accordingly adjourned till Tuesday Morning. Nine of the Clock.

Mentis, 3° die Januarii, 1670. Prayers.

Supply Bill; r I 1H E Bill of Subsidies was read the First time. Subsidies. J_ Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time on this Day Sevennight.

Privilege-Petition from a person in custody.

A Petition of Laurence Squibb Esquire, under the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir John Morelon, a Member of this House, being read;

And the Petitioner being called in; and kneeling at the Bar of the House; and having Represension from Mr. Speaker, for his Breach of Privilege;

And Sir John Moreton not opposing his Discharge;

Ordered, That Mr. Squibb be discharged from the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Irivileg*. Ordered, That the Matter, concerning the Breach of Privilege, between Mr. Seymour and Mr. be

heard at the Committee of Privileges on this Day Fortnight: And all Persons concerned, and Witnesses, are then to attend, without further Summons.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Houghton’* Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Houghton was committed Sir William Hartop, Sir William Farmer, Mr. Busccruen, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Thurbarne, Sir Will. Tirringham, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Coleman, Sir Will. Hickman, Mr, Sir Rich.

Temple, Mr. Burnell, Mr. Bish, Mr. Ford, Sir Fran. Clarke.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, Eight of the Clock.

Vol. IX.

Mercurii, 4° die Januarii, 1670-Prayers.

OR DE R E Z), That the Matter of Privilege, between pr; V£je e

Mr. Cornwallis and Mr. Digby, be heard by the ge' Committee of Privileges Tomorrow Fortnight.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders and Inha- Employment bitants of the Parish of St.Martin's in the Fields, and St. of the Poor.

Paul's Covent Garden, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, on the Behalf of themselves, and others, their Neighbours, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Petition be committed to the same Committee to which the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Giles's in the Fields, is committed; to take this Petition into Consideration also; and to examine the Matter complained of; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And the Committee is revived: And they are to sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to take both the Petitions into Consideration; and make Report thereof, with their Opinions, to the House: And that these Members following be added to the Committee; viz.

Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Russell, Sir Thom.

Chichley, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Mr. Palmes, Lord Gorge, Mr. Neal, Col. Mr.

Maynard, Mr. Spcticer, Col. Strode, Sir Hanmer.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Clifton’*

Act for the better Payment of the Debts of Sir Clifford Estate* Clifton Knight, deceased, and raising Portions for his Daughters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Payment of the Debts of Sir Clifford Clif ton Knight, deceased, and raising Portions for his Daughters: And Air. Seymour is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

A Bill on the Behalf of Thomas Ogle Esquire, Son of Ogle'*

Sir Thomas Ogle, and the Creditors of the said Sir Thomas Estate.

Ogle, w as read the First time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for uniting the Vicarage and Par- Rosse sonage of Rosse, in the County of Hereford, was read the Vicarage Third time.

Resolved, Scc.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for uniting the Vicarage and Parsonage of Rosse, in the County of Hereford.

An ingrossed Bill for Continuance of Two former Acts, o(-

herein mentioned, relating to the settling the Prices of ^"a|snce Coals; and to prevent Delays in extending Statutes,

Judgments, and Recognizances; was read the Third time.

And the Matter being debated, as to the Continuance of the Act for settling Prices upon Coal; and the same being not found convenient to be continued;

Resolved, See. That what relates to the Act for settling the Prices on Coal be struck out of the Bill; and the Bill made cohere for confirming the other Act only:

Which was done at the Table.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Continuance of a former Act, intituled, An Act to prevent Delays in extending Statutes,

Judgments, and Recognizances.

A Bill for an Excise upon several, foreign and other Supply Bill; Commodities therein mentioned, towards his Majesty’s foreign Com-Supply, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Company of ^vin£r-Weavers, be read Tomorrow Morning. e

The

i88

4" — 5® — 9® — 10° Januarii.

A. 1670.

Committeeof The Question being put, That the Committee of Grie-Grievancei. vances do sit this Afternoon;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Supply Bill; F^shtry.

Lord

Norreys*

Estate.

Silk

Weaving.

Supply Bill; Beer, Ale, &c.

Jovis, 5* die Ja, 1670.

Prayers.

A BILL for Encouragement of Fishery, being tendered.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Fishery, be read on Monday next.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable - the making Conveyances of Part of the Estate of James Lord Norreys, during his Minority

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Bartu, Sir Thom. Proby, Col. Strode, Mr. Crouch, Col. Gilby, Sir Jonath. , Sir Solomon

Swale, Lord Ancram, Mr. Hide, Col. Sandis, Mr. wood, Sir John Moreton, Sir Phil. Mounckion, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Thom. Osbume, Col. Reames, Sir John Cory ton, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Edmond Windham, Sir Will. Fleetwood, Mr. Spry, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Gower, Mr. Grenvile, Col. Grey, Sir Thom. Mr. Hobby,

Mr. Garraway, Mr. Tufton, Mr. Attorney Mountague, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Sir Will.

Farmer, Mr. Low, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, and: And they

are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to preserve and encourage the Art of weaving of Silks and Stuffs in England, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time on Wednesday next.

A Bill for an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, towards his Majesty’s Supply, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read a Second time. Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read the Second time on this Day Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Maynard, Mr. Ashley, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Talbot,

Lord Richardson, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir Thom.

Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Walden, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Thom. Meeres, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Price, Mr.

Morris, Sir Anth. Irby, Col. Reames, Mr. Westfaling,

Sir Thom. AUen, Mr. Eyre, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Will.

Morley, Mr. Williamson, Mr. Wright, Sir Rich. Powle,

Col. Williams, Mr. Tregonwell, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Nich. Carew, Mr. Greenvile, Sir John Netoton, Mr. Ford, and all that serve for the Counties of Lincolne and Suffolke: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for preventing Abuses and Delays, in Courts of Delays in Justice, was read. Courts of

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time. Ju8t,ce-

The House then proceeded to the Calling over the Call of tb« Members, according to former Order. House.

And several Members making Default in Attendance;

Ordered, That a List be made, of the several Members,

Defaulters in Attendance; and that the same be Called over on this Day Sevennight, on the Penalty of a double Assessment in the Bill of Subsidies, upon such, whose Excuses shall not be allowed by the House.

Upon calling the Name of Sir John Coventry, Privilege —

Information being given of an Assault made upon Assault of him, on the same Night of that Day the House did rise pT before Christmas, by a Number of about Fifteen Persons Coventl^’ armed, Horse and Foot, who did assassinate and wound the said Sir John Coventry; and that he continues still so ill of his Wounds, that he is not in a Condition to attend;

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of Breach of Privilege committed, and Assault made, upon Sir John a Member of this House, be taken into Consideration the first Business Tomorrow Morning.

Luna, 9* die Januarii, 1670. Prayers.

Committeei. f~\RDERED, That all Committees, which wreredis-

continued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Miles Stanley, an Apothecary, living in Privilege. Princes-street, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for his Breach of Privilege, in seizing and detaining the Goods of Col.

Strode, a Alember of this House, though he does know they are Col. Sir'ode'sGoods.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 10° die Januarii, 1670.

V;

e;

Lf'.C

Dunxvich

Election.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning an Election of a Member to serve for the Town of Dunwich, be referred to the Committee of Elections, to take the same into Consideration on Tuesday next; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that Sir Thomas Allen, and Mr. Wood, between whom the Question is, do forbear to sit; till the Matter touching the Election be determined, and further Order given.

Pra YERS.

THE Petition of Sir Robert junior, was read; Cirencester

complaining of an undue Return, made by the Election. Stew ard and Bailiff of the Town and Borough of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, of one Henry Powle Esquire, to serve as a Burgess for that Place, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected to serve for the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition of Sir Robert Atkitis be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House: And these Members following are added to the Committee, viz. Sir Henry Felton, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Ford, Mr. Nevill, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Will. Farmer, Sir Will.

Sir Edmond Pye,

.7

Lindsey

Level.

Ogle's

Estate.

Ordered, That such Witnesses, on either Side, as can The House then resumed the Consideration of the As- Privilege — testify in the Matter concerning Lindsey Level, be sum- sault, and Breach of Privilege, committed against Sir ^ssau*£ moned; and do attend on the Day appointed for the John Coventry, a Member of this House: And, having £oVf°lt^., Hearing that Cause. received an Account and Narrative of the whole Matter,

as far as hitherto a Discovery is made thereof, from Sir A Bill for Sale of Lands, for Payment of the Debts Thomas Clergis, a Member of this House; before whom, of Sir Thomas Ogle, was read the Second time. and Two others of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace,

Resolved, kc.That the Bill be committed to Sir Wil- the Examination of the Witnesses which have testified

Ham Doyley, Sir John Cory ton, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. in this Matter were taken, find returned into the Sessions,

35

al

te

ft

ift-

u

ilegt.

£2 Car. II. 10° — ii° — i2°

in order to the Trial of such Persons guilty as are in Custody: And, upon the whole Matter, it appeared, that near Twenty Persons armed. Horse and on Foot, were acting and assisting in this Fact, to assassinate and wound Sir John Coventry, as he was coming near to his House, from a Place where he supped that Night near by, only attended with a Foot-hoy, having watched their Opportunity of doing it between Two and Three Hours, without any Provocation offered, or Offence given, by Sir John Coventry, to any of them; some of them wrapping him up in his Cloak, and holding him fast; and others cutting and mangling his Face, with a Knife, in a barbarous manner, when lie could make no Defence for himself; robbing him of his Periwig, and his Servant of his Sword and Felt.

Upon Debate of which Matter, the whole House unanimously resenting this Fact, not only as a high Breach of Privilege, but an Attempt of dangerous Consequence to the King, his Laws and Government, and destructive to the very Essence and Constitution of Parliaments, and in itself a very vile and horrid Act; which did look to be no less than a Contrivance of some wicked Persons, that were Enemies to the King and Peace of his Kingdom;

After Debate whereof,

Resolved, &c. That a Fill be brought in, upon the Debates of the House, for setting a Day to such Persons as were Actors in the Fact concerning Sir John Coventry, to come in, and render themselves to Justice, or to be banished the Nation; with a Clause of Mercy to such as shall come in, and make a further Discovery of any of the Persons guilty, if they w ere not principal Actors in it themselves: And that no other Business be proceeded in, whilst the Fill is in passing this House: And it is recommended to Mr. Attorney General, SvcThomas Mceres, Mr. Coleman, Sir JVUL Coventry, Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mi heard, Sir Thom. Ctergis, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. ('hency, Mr Garraxvay, Mr. Henry Coventry, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Char. Harbor'd\ Sir Francis Gcodrickc, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the Bill: And it is recommended to Sir Thomas Lee to take care thereof, that the Bill be made ready, and brought in Tomorrow Morning: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber, <§c.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock,

p

Mercurii, 11° Januarii, 1670.

Prayers.

Malicious nnHE Bill for Banishment of Sir maiming. X Charles Obrian Esquire, Party, and

Reeves, Actors in assaulting anil wounding Sir John

ventry, if they do not render themselves to Justice by a Day, was read the First time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 12* die Januarii, 1670.

Prayers.

MJicioui’ nnHE Bill for Banishment of Sir Thomas Sandys, and """‘"S' I others, Actors in assaulting and wounding Sir

Coventry, if they do not render themselves to Justice by a Day, was read the Second time; and several Propositions moved and debated.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to a Committee of the whole House; and that Leave be given to the Committee to Vol. IX.

i 3° — -140 Januarii. 189

bring in a Clause, to prevent Mischiefs of like Nature for the future.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Coleman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Coleman reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the said Fill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House again Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, ike. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House again Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of the.Fill for the banishing of Sir Thomas Sandys, and others, Actors in assaulting and wounding Sir John Coventry, if they do not render themselves to Justice by a Day.

Ordered, That it he referred to the Committee, formerly appointed to bring in the Fill for the banishing of Sir Thomas Sands, and others. Actors in assaulting and wounding Sir John I (reentry, if they do not render themselves to Justice by a Day, to prepare and bring in a Clause, against Tomorrow Morning, for preventing Mischiefs of the like Nature ior the future: And tliev are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, ior that Purpose: And Mr. Sivinjen is added to the Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

C:7

Veneris, 13° Januarii, 1670.

Praters.

R DERED, That the Report of the Election for Seaford

Seaford in the County of Sussex, appointed for this Election Day, be made on this Day Sevennight.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Malicious whole House, upon the Bill for the Banishment of Sir maiming. Thomas Sandys, and others, Actors in assaulting and wounding Sir John Coventry, if they do not render themselves to Justice by a Day.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Coleman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Coleman reports from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had agreed to several Amendments, Alterations, and Additions to be made thereunto: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

Resolved, tkc. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 14* die Januarii, 1670.

Prayers.

THE ingrossed Bill to prevent malicious Maiming Malicious and Wounding, was read: maiming.

c7

And some Amendments agreed, upon the Question; and made at the Table.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent malicious Maiming and Wounding: And Sir Thomas Lee is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

A Petition of Michael Stanley Apothecary, under the Privilege-Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was read; submitting Edition irum himself to, and begging Pardon of, the House, for his custody. Breach of Privilege.

3 B Ordered,

190 i4# — 16* — 17° — 18° Januarii. ^.1670.

Ordered, That Michael Stanley be discharged from the Ordered, That the Cause concerning Lindsey Level be Lindsey Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees. heard at the Bar of this House on this Day Sevennight. *ve '

JJ'

Privilege — Reflection on a Member.

Defaulter* to Call or the House.

Information being given, of a printed Paper dispersed at the Door of the House, seeming to reflect and cast some Aspersion upon Sir John Pettus; a Member of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter complained of on the Behalf of Sir John Pettus; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members Defaulters

The Bill for Increase and Preservation of Timber, read J5cr*"e 01 the Second time. _ lunb<r'

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Col.

Birch, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Knight, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Morrice, Mr.

Doctor Burrcell, Col. Phillipps, Mr. Sir Solomon

Swale, Lord Richardson, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Robert Bameham, Col. Strode, Sir John Bennet, Col. Sandys,

And that then, next after, the Bill of Subsidies be read the Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Defaulters to Call of the House.

be called over on Monday Morning the first Business: Sir Edzv. Decring, Sir Irby, Sir John Coryton, Sir a_j ... - '* ro 1 '1 ’ Geo. Sandys, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Spencer, Sir Adam

Browne, Sir Sir Newton, Serjeant

Seys, Mr. Hobby, Sir Thomas Gower, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Thom. Lee, Serjeant Hide, Sir John Talbot, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Trelaxvny, Mr. Daniell, Sir Will. Fleetwood, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Fowlke Lucy, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Seymoure, Mr. Ford, Mr. Streele, Mr. Love, Sir John And all that come are to have

Voices: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Luna, 16* Januarii, 1670.

Praters.

H E House, according to former Order, proceeded to the Calling over the Members Defaulters in Attendance; and, upon reading the List, several that made Default the last Day did now attend; and Excuses w ere offered, and allowed by the House, for several Persons, of Sickness and Inability to attend; and Excuses for others, which were disallowed: And some did not appear or send any Excuse.

Ordered, That a List be made of the Members Defaulters in Attendance not excused by the House, that they may be doubly assessed in the Subsidy Bill, according to former Order.

Ordered, That the House be Called over again on this

The House then resolved into a Committee of the SuPP,y Sill: whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill Subsldle* of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour assumed the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Consideration of the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the

Day Fortnight, and that no Member do go out of Town Q0ck, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof without Leave, under the same Penalty imposed on De- ——

faulters, if he be absent at the Calling the House.

Supply'S ill Subsidies.

for the Yeas, 169. for the Noes, 117.

The Bill of Subsidies was- read the Second time.

The Question being propounded, That the said Bill be committed;

And the Question being put, That the Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Geo. Downing,

Mr. Collingwood,

Sir Thomas Lee,

Sir Thomas Meeres,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put. That the said Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Mr. Seymour,

Lord Richardson,

Sir Trevor Williams,

Mr. Whorwood,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, 8cc. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of

for the Yeas, 170.

Resolved, ike. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do sit Committeeof Tomorrow in the Afternoon, to take into Consideration Grievances, the Matters to them referred.

Ordered, That Sir William Farmer have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for his Health s Sake. Absenc*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Januarii, 1670.

Prat ers.

A BILL to regulate and increase the Art of Weaving, Silk weaving was read the Second time.

: Or: fe Grf

U

hi

fi

for the Noes, 109.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spryc, Sir Sir John Duncombe, Sir Decring,

Lord Richardson, Sir Adam Mr. Westphaling,

Mr. Robert Car, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir John Knight, Sir Thom. Sir John Colonel

Williams, Lord Fitzzvilliams, Mr. Mr. Daniel,

the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill of Mr. Gar away, Sir John Heath, Sir Thomas Littleton,

Mr. Morrice, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Birch, Sir Anth. Irby,

Subsidies.

Then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mat'tis, 17° die Januarii, 1670.

Praters.

Committee*. /ORDERED, That all Committees which were dis-' continued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Seymour, Sir, Doyley, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Lord Ancram, Mr. Hobby Sir Thom.

Mr. Morris, Sir John Pettus, Mr. For, Mr. Blaker, Sir Robert Holt, Sir John Northcot, Sir Thom. Meeres, Colonel Strode, Mr. Buscazten, Mr. Otway, Sir John Mr. Onsloiv, Sir E/iab Haney, Mr. Love, Mr. Bishop, Six Robert Howard, Sir Fowlke Lucy, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Captain Jones: And all that shall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion

Ilj

L;

i!

fee

flis

in

He

U

Devon Writ.

Committee of Grievances,

Supply Bill; Subsidies.

Committees.

Committee of Elections*

Committees.

Paris Garden made & Parish.

Grocers

Company’s

Creditors.

Defaulters to Call of the House.'

aa Car. II. 18 — 19*-

A Motion being made, for issuing out a Writ, for electing another Knight of the Shire for the County of Devon, in the stead of the now Duke of Albemarle, being not now in a Capacity of sitting in this House;

And Information being given to the House) of an Endeavour to forestal a free Election, by issuing out Papers in the Nature of Warrants, to pre-engaage the Country, before any Writ issued:

And several of the Papers being delivered in at the Table; and being, upon the Question, ordered to be read; and read accordingly;

Resolved, Sac. That the sending of Warrants, or Letters in the Nature of Warrants, or Letters to High Constables, or Constables, or other Officers, to be communicated to the Freeholders, or other Electors, when a Knight of the Shire, or other Member, is to be chosen to serve in Parliament; or threatening the Electors; is unparliamentary; and a Violation of the Right of Elections.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, that the now Duke of Albemarle, who lately served as a Knight of the Shire for the County of Devon, is not now in a Capacity of sitting as a Member of this House; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth, under the Great Seal, for the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do sit on this Day Sevennight, to take into Consideration the Matter appointed to be heard this Afternoon.

Resolved, See. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Sir Edm. Seymour, Mr. Mr. Golde, Mr. James, Mr. Williams, Mr. be added

to the Committee of Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jot is, 19* die Janu, 1670.

Prate rs.

f\ R DERED, That all Committees, which were dis-' continued, be reviv ed; and do sit at Two of the Clock this Afternoon; in the Places formerly appointed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Manor of Paris Garden, in the County of Surrey, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, on Behalf of the said Inhabitants of the Manor of Parris Garden for making them a Parish, distinct from Saviour's, Southzcarke.

A Bill being tendered, on the Behalf of the Creditors of the Company of Grocers, London, to have Satisfaction of just Debts to them owing.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Bill, on the Behalt of the Creditors of the Company of Grocers, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a List of the Members of the House, Defaulters in Attendance not excused, be returned in, by the Clerk of this House, to the Committee of the whole House; that they may be doubly assessed in the Bill of Subsidies, according to former Order.

Vol. IX.

20* yanuarii.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Supply Bill; settling and confirming an Agreement, made between his }Vl"e Majesty and his Royal Highness, touching the Wine ,cences-Licences.

Ordered, That the Bill on the Behalf of the Merchant Merchant Adventurers, be read on Saturday Morning next. Adventurers,

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies. Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That they had made some further. Progress in the Consideration of the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

The House being informed, that William Liddall, the Privilege, menial Servant of Mr. Roger Vaughan, was arrested, and is now detained a Prisoner, in the Gale-house at minster, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said William Liddall be set at Liberty, and discharged from his Commitment and Imprisonment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Januani, 1670.

Praters.

MR. Crouch reports from the Committee to which Lord Norris* the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act Es,tale* for the making Conveyances of Part of the Estate of James Lord Norris, during his Minority, some Amendments agreed to be made by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which w ere twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and the Bill, with the Amendments, read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be returned to the Lords: And Mr. Bertie is to carry up the Bill.

The House then proceeded in the adjourned Debate, C.i-ocers touching a Bill on the Behalf of the Creditors of the Company'* Company of Grocers. < CrcdUor"

Resolved, &c. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, on the Debates of the House, to enforce the Company of Grocers to pay their just Debts, as far as they have any Estate, by Sale of the Lands, or other Estate of the said Company; and to provide, that they, and other Companies, may be made liable to make Satisfaction of what Money they owe, or shall take up for the future, upon the Credit of their Company; or else to take away their Seal: And it is recommended to Mr. Sir

E(hoard Thurland, and Colonel Strode, to take cure of the Bill.

A Bill for Exportation of Coal was read. Exporting

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time, in a full Goal. House.

A Bill for making Parochial the Lordship or Manor Pari* Garda* of Paris Garden, near the Borough of Southzcarke in the made a County of Surrey, and for endowing a new Church there, i>arisl>* was read.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill j whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies. Subiidu*.

Mr.

192

20° — 2i* — 23°

A. 1670.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee. they had made some further Progress in the Consideration

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. of the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Com-

Mr.Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they mittee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the whole House, on Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock, the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Com- to proceed in the further Consideration thereof, mittee, that the House would resolve into a Committee Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Committee, that the House will resolve into a Committee Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof. of the whole House, on Monday Morning, Ten of the Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill Committee, that the House will resolve into a Committee of Subsidies.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Af- Committees, ternoon, be adjourned till Two of the Clock in

the Afternoon; to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

of the w'hole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Fees of Clerks of Assize.

defaulters to Call of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for ascertaining the Pees of the Clerks of the Assizes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Ciock.

Sabbati, 21° die 1670.

Praters.

SARDERED, That Sir Robert Mr*

Raynton, and Mr. Sacheverellformerly Defaulters in

Attendance upon the Call of the House, but now attending, be excused, and struck out of the List.

Dance,23° die Januarii, 16?0.

Prayers.

OR DE R ED, That Sir CieillBishop, Mr. Ellyott, Sir Defaulters t*

Richard Edgecombe, Sir Edw.Hungerj'ord, Sir Phil. Call oftlie

Harcourt, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Rous, Mr. and Mr. " Chctwin, who formerly made Default upon the Call of the House, and are now present, giving their Attendance, be excused, and struck out of the List of Defaulters.

House.

Paris Garden made a Parish.

The Bill for making the Manor of Paris Garden in Surrey a Parish, distinct from St. Saviours, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Adam Browne, Sir Thomas Dolman, Col. Sir21 fau-

riceBerkely, Mr. Chalmondley, Sir Jr bn Talbot, Sir Nicholas Carezv, Sir Thom. Goner, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Daniel, Sir Robert Dillington, Doctor Burnell, Sir Thomas Proby, Sir Humph. Winch, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Lord

Aldington, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Knight, Sir John Newton, Sir John Pugg, Sir Joh Mr. Sir

Will.Lewis, S i r Edw. A fassey. Sir RobertCarr, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Ford, Col. Birch, Mr. Mervell, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Onslow, Col. Windham, Sir

Edzc.Thurland, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Hobby, Sir

Coventry, Mr. Grenvilc, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. AWell, Sir Edmond Bowy A Sir Hayward, Sir John Robinson: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to summon and hear the Parishioners of St.Saviour s, and other Personsconcemed, or some on their Behalf: And the Petition of the Parishioners of St. Saviours, Southwarke, formerly referred to another Committee, is transferred to the Consideration of this Committee; under the former Instructions: And the Committee are to inquire into the Alaintenance of the Alaster of St. Saviour's; and how it may be settled: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill on Hall’s Estate, the Behalf of Benedict Ha/l Esquire, were twice read; and, on the Question, agreed; and ordered to be made in the Bill; and the Bill to be returned to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling a charitable Use in- Sams’ tended by John Sams, be read Tommorrow' Alorning. Charities.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee to which Com and Salt

the Bill for ascertaining the Alcasurcs of Corn and Salt, was Weasures-committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee:

Which he opened in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which were tw ice read; and, upon the Question, with some Amendments, agreed.

Resolved, &. c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed, be ingrossed.'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Proviso, for settling the Right between Landlord and Tenant, as to Relit Corn.

Resolved, See. That it be referred to Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Crouch, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Knight, Sir Thom.

Gower, Sir Nich. Steward, Sir John MorcUm, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Birch, Mr. Rigby, Sir

Char. Harbord, Sir Phil. MounckSir Hugh 11

Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Thom. Colonel Williams,

Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Thom. or any Five of them; to prepare and bring in a Bill, to regulate the Fees of the Clerks of Assizes; and to summon them to bring in the List of their Fees: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fees of Clerks of Assize.

Boston Port. Ordered, That the Committee to the Bill concerning Boston Harbour was committed, be revived; and do sit tin's Afternoon.

Merchant A Bill for Encouragement of the Trade of the Aler-Adventurers- cJian(; Adventurers, was read the First time.

The Question being put, 'That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Supply Bill; The House resolved into a Committee of the whole Subsidies. House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Seymour took the (.'hair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

15

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard do go up to the Lords re-Lords, and put them in mind of the Bill concerning Brandy. B, IL

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do certify the Lord Thirst«

Keeper of the Great Seal of England, of the Death of "ru‘

Air. Walter Strickland, who lately served as a Member of this House, for the Borough of Thirske, in the County of Cj

Yorkshire; desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth, under ->

the Great Seal, for Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, in his place and stead.

A A lotion being made, touching the limiting and Stage

regulating Stage Coaches; Coaches.

Ordered, Ij

V^OOQ LC,

22 Car. II. 230 — 24 ° — 2t> 193

sEd*

r.tti.

p/iS

i>Ja

Ilruth-

iiwncy.

JVvforth

Klcction.

Pumvieh

I:Jcet;>n.

Dr. Outr.im t" pi cueh on 30 Jan.

Supply Bill; Subsidies.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter touching Stage Coaches, be taken into Consideration on Wednesday Sevennight next.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter concerning Abuses in collecting Hearth Money, be taken into Consideration on Friday Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Election for Seaforth, be heard on Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Election for Dumcich, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the House will on Monday next solem-. nize the East of King Charles the First his Martyrdom, in St. Margaret fs Church Westminster; and that Dr. Outram, the Rector of that Parish, be desired to preach before the House that Day: And Doctor Burwell is to acquaint him with the Desires of the House.

The House then resolved into-a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That, they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, J en of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

Committees. Ordered\ That all Committees which were discontinued,

be revived; and do sit, at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 24° die Januarii, 1670.

provoking Language; and Mr. Cox, being required to give his Assistance, not only refused, but derided and slighted Mr. Speaker’s Warrant, saying, he had something else to do; and the next Day, after Parsons was in Custody, and ready to be brought away, Mr. Forder, one of the Constables of Cirencester, being required to give his Attendance, did not only refuse so to do, but did disarm the said Dudley of his sw ord; and Parsons, who was in Custody, and another Thomas Parsons, his Kinsman, and Thomas Payton, and Mathew Croft, did assault and beat the said Dudley with Staves and Cudgels, and tore the Coat from his Back; and did rescue, and take from him, the said Thomas Parsons: Which Cox abetted; and afterwards, being in Company with Mr. Woolley, declared, he thought Dudley was finely fitted now: Upon Debate whereof,

llesolved. Sic. That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or such Deputy or Deputies as he shall appoint, do apprehend, and take into Custody, Mr. John Cox, Under Sheriff of the County of Gloucester, William Forder, one of the Constables of Cirencester, Thomas Parsons of Beasly, and Thomas Parsons of Kit ley, Thomas Payton, and Matthew Croft, for their Contempt and Breach of Privilege, and Misdemeanor, in beating George Dudley, Deputy to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and rescuing from him Thomas Parso?is his Prisoner: And the High Sheriff of the County of Gloucester, and other Officers concerned, are to be required, by Warrant from Mr. Speaker, to be aiding and assisting in the Execution of such Warrant.

An ingrossed Bill for exporting of Beer, Ale, and Exporting Mum, was read the Third time. Beer' &c*

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for exporting of Beer, Ale, and Mum:

And that Sir Nicholas Carexv do carry it up to the Lords.

A Bill for settling an Agreement and Exchange, be- Supply Bill; tween his Majesty and his Royal Highness, concerning 'Vine Wine Licences, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Cause concerning Lindsey Level, Lyndsey he heard on this Day Sevennight.

cences.

Level.

Prayers.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies. Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Dunwich A/TR. Serjeant Charlton having made Report to the

Election. JLVJL House, of a Mistake in the Order concerning the

Return of a Member to serve for the Town of Dunwich;

j Upon Debate thereof,

Resolved,&c. That it be referred to the Committee of ' Elections, to examine the Matter touching the Double

Return for the Town of Dumcich; and who is rightly returned; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: and that the former Order be rectified accordingly; and the Committee are to sit, and take the Matter into Consideration this Afternoon.

Privilege — A Petition of William Woolley Clerk, now in the Cus-Rfsiitance tody of the Serjeant at Anns, being presented and read; War n"'* And thereupon, Information being given of a very high ve ir:JlU' Contempt and Misdemeanor committed against the iijvh House, by assaulting and beating George Dudley, Deputy

to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and rescuing, out of his Custody, Bailiff, committed

nit for a Breach of Privilege, in arresting tire menial Servant

> of Mr. How, a Member of this House, at the Suit of

William Woolley Clerk, who knew him to be Mr. Howe's, Servant; and for that Cause, stands also committed: Which Misdemeanor, and Rescue, the said Dudley, being called in to the Bar of this House, did testify, was committed by Mr. John Cox, Under Sheriff'of the County

oiGloucester, and his Bailiff’, and others; the said Parsons, t at the Time of his being seized on, using threatening and

Vol. IX.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Will. Glascoeke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Two Bills; Maliciou* the one, intituled, An Act to prevent malicious Maiming maiming, and Wounding; the other, intituled, An Act to enable pitz James’ the Daughters and Coheirs of Sir John to join Estate,

in a Sale of Lands, for Payment of his Debts; with some Alterations and Amendments, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments from the Lords, to the Bill to pre- Malicious vent malicious Maiming and Wounding, were read. maiming.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the said Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mcrcuni, 25° die Januarii, 1670.

Prayers,

ORDERED, That Sir John Norton, and Mr. Thur- Defaulters t» barne, Defaulters in Attendance upon the Call of the CaN of the House, but now’ attending, be excused, and struck out of 1Iouse-the List.

The Bill for settling a charitable Use intended by Sams’

John Sams, was read. Charities.

3 C,

I/Ord Stafford’s Estate.

Dunwich

Election*

Malicious

Maiming.

194

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Higgons reports some Amendments agreed by the Committee, to which the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming Agreements between the Lord Viscount 'Stafford, and his Lady, and their customary Tenants and Copyholders, was committed: Which were delivered in at the Table; and twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and the Bill, with the Amendments, read a Third time; and ordered to be returned to the Lords, by Sir Thom. Higgons.

Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Elections, That the Committee had examined the Matter to them referred, touching the Return of a Member to serve for Dunzvich, between Sir Thom. Allen and Mr.

and that, upon the whole Evidence, the Committee were of Opinion,

1. That there was no double Return:

2. That Mr. Wood was returned by the proper Officer:

3. That Mr. Wood ought to sit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee.

1. That there was no double Return:

2. That Mr. Wood was returned by the proper Officer:

3. That Mr. Wood ought to sit, till the Merits of the Cause be determined.

The House then proceeded to the Second Reading of the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to prevent malicious Maiming and Wounding.

The First Amendment was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Second Amendment was read the Second time; and being debated;

Resolved, &c. That this Amendment be postponed; And that it be referred to Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Moantague, Sir Robert Sir

Thom. Mcercs, Mr. Coleman, Sir Job Charlton, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Seymour, Sir John Knight, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Edzo. Sir Char.

Harbord, Mr. Garraway, Serj. Maynard, Mr. Waller, Mr. Otzcay, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. 'Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Thom. Gower, or any Three of them, to consider of the Amendments, and Debates of the House, and of some Expedient thereupon; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House: And it is referred to the same Committee, or any Three of them, to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments.

The next Amendment, relating to the former Amendment, was read the Second time: and referred to the same Committee.

The Fourth and Fifth Amendments were twice read; ifnd, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Sixth Amendment being read the Second time; The Question being put, To agree with the Amendment of the Lords, as to the inserting " the 24th of 1671," instead of " the 16th of February It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That after the Word " Nose," it be inserted " cut off a Nose or Lip."

The Question being put, To agree to the Words " or Joint;"

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Words, " and not by Chance-medley, a Fray, or Misfortune," be omitted.

Resolved, &c. That the Words, beginning with " Intention," to the End of the Amendment, be omitted.

Resolved, &c. That the Paragraph, sent from the Lords, by way of Amendment, with the Amendments abovesaid, be agreed.

The Seventh Amendment being read the Second time; The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment; It passed in the Negative.

The Eighth Amendment being read a Second time; The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, lent from the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

A. 1670.

Ordered, That Mr. Hen-port, Mr. Mr Committee of

Mr. Wynne, be added to the Committee of Privileges. mi e°es'

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do sit on Committee of Friday next, and on Wednesdays and Fridays following. Grievances.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill on the indigent Behalf of the indigent loyal Officers: And it is referred Officer*, to Sir Thom. Meeres and Sir Charles Harbord, to prepare and bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committees, Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 26® die Januarii; 1670.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Serjeant HarMr. Defaulters t»

and Mr. Dozvdeszceli,w ho were absent at the Call Gall of in*

of the House, and are now present, be excused, and House-struck out of the List of Defaulters.

A Bill for settling and confirming an Agreement and Supply Hill; Exchange between his Majesty and his Royal Highness, "ine Li" concerning Wine Licences, was read the Second time. ctllCcli' Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Jonath. Trelarwny, Sir Francis GocdricColonel Gilby,

Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Pettus, Sir Thom. Higgons,

Colonel Birch, Sir John Reeves, Colonel Kirby, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Solom.Szcale, Sir Allen Ap.sc/y, Mr.

Mr. Garrazcay, Sir John Norton, Sir John Din womb, Mr.

Seymour, Mr. Wood, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. IF right.

Lord Ancram, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Thurland,

Mr. Crouch, Mr. Hobby, Sir John Northcot, Col.

Phillipps, Mr. Spry, Sir John Knight, Mr. Mort ice, Mr.

Henry Seymour, Sir Geo. Dozening, Sir Adam Browne,

Mr. Pozcell, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Will. Sir

Thom. Woodcock, Sir John Burnaby, Mr. Coleman, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Allen Broderickc, Mr. Cheney, Sir

Pozrie. Mr. Men'ell, Sir Will.Coventry: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Smith’s, Ac. settling an Agreement between Sir William Smith, Sir Agreement. Thomas Hooke, German Pole, and others, were twice read; and, with an Amendment, by inserting the Words,

" the true Intent and Meaning of," were agreed.

Ordered, That the Bill and Amendments, with the Alteration made by this House, be sent back to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Committee to which Malicious the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill, in- maiming, tituled, An Act to prevent malicious Maiming and Wounding, were committed, That they saw no Reason to agree with the Lords to the Two Amendments postponed; and the Reasons of their disagreeing; and also, the Reasons to be offered at the Conference with the Lords, to justify the Amendments of this House, made to the Lords Amendments: Which were read; and agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir John Mourn do go up to the Conferenc# Lords, to desire a Conference, upon the Amendments to on Amend-the Bill to prevent malicious Maiming and Wounding. menls-Sir John Mounsonreports, That the Lords had agreed

to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Members formerly appointed to prepare Reasons, do manage the Conference.

Sir Thomas Mcercs reports, That they had attended the Conference with the Lords; and delivered the Reasons of this House, for their Amendments to the Lords Amendments, to the Bill to prevent malicious Maiup.g and Wounding.

Ordered,

250 — 26° Januarii.

V

‘*1

:0(

'S

l>

Vs,fc

i r:U

L-V

D?*

As*

:Qt>-

Car. II. 26° — 27° — 28° — 31° Januarii.

*95

P ivilcce. Ordered, That the Matter touching Breach of Privi-" lege between Mr. Cormcallisand Mr. be heard,

by the Committee of Privileges, on Saturday next.

Moseley’s

bu:te.

Ordered, That the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Moseley be read on Saturday next.

bmp and Mr. Birch reports from the Committee to which the Ha.\ plant- pill of planting of Hemp and Flax is committed, some u'» Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the

Bill: Which being twice read, and debated;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed upon the Debate of the whole House, to the former Committee; who, for that Purpose, are revived: And that these Members following be added to the Committee; Colonel Birch, Sir Rich. Temple, Col. Sir Tho. Gower, Sir

John Talbot, Mr. Rigby, Mr Mr. Sprye, Sir Geo.

Don ning, Lord St. John, Mr. Steward, Sir John Knight, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Hobby, Sir Robert Sir Char.

Harbord, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Duncombe, Mr. Coleman, Sir Job Charlton, Colonel Sundis, Sir John Fagg, Sir Thom. Meers, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Higgons, Colonel Williams, Sir John Newton, Mr. Cheyney: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and to hasten their Report by Saturday.

<iinr.lv Bill; Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve into a Com-

SuaiJies. mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, to proceed on the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies, the first Business.

Ordered, That Colonel Robinson, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

F.'uing and Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Will. Coventry, Sir KilmgCattle. Thomas Lee, Mr. Cheyney, Sir Temple, Sir Robert Steward, Mr. Garrarway; or any Three of them, to bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in Butchers, Graziers, and others, in buying and selling of Cattle.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees. that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Cause: And all Persons concerned are to take Notice thereof without further Order.

Ordered, That the Committee of Grievances do sit, Light House* and proceed upon the Petition of the Masters and Owners in !reland. of Ships belonging to Chester, Liverpoote, and Ports adjacent, complaining of a great Grievance and Exaction by the Patentees of the Light Houses, in demanding and receiving Fees for Tonnage upon Ships, a yearly Imposition on Fisher Boats, and Twelve-pence the Head on Passengers, on Wednesday next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committee*, this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 28* die Januarii, 1670’.

Prayers.

ABILL on the Behalf of the Creditors of the Grocers Grocer* Company, London, for Satisfaction of just Debts to Company* them owing by the said Company, being brought in by Creditors. Order of the House, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read the Second time.

A Bill on the Behalf of Edward Mostly Esquire, and Moseley’s his eldest Son Edward Mostly an Infant, to enlarge the ^stote-Time of Payment, and to enable Trustees, on their Behalf to make Sale of Lands, for Satisfaction of Debts, was read the f irst time:

But Part of it being not pursuant to a former Order of the House;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw this Bill; and to bring in another Bill, pursuant to the Order of the House, made the Eleventh of March last, if they please:

And that the former Order for that Purpose be revived.

And it is referred to Mr. Crouch, to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Time of Payment, to prevent the Forfeiture, according to the former Order of the 1 ith ot 1669.

The House resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, upon the Bill of Subsidies. Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Veneris, 27* die Januarii, 1670.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; fTS HE House resolved into a Committee of the whole utsidies. A House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

Defaulter to Ordered, That Sir Denny Ashbumham, who was absent fif at the Call of the House, and is now present, be excused, and struck out of the List of Defaulters.

Privilege, Ordered, That the Matter of Privilege, between Mr. Cornwallis and Mr. Digby, be peremptorily heard, by the Committee of Privileges, Tomorrow Sevennight, the first Vol. IX.

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Cause concerning Lindsey Lindsey Level Fen, appointed for Tuesday next, be Level, adjourned till Tuesday Sevennight next.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 31" die Januarii, 1670.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Parishioners and Inhabitants Employment - of the Parish of Stepney, was read. of the l*oor-

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. Giles's in the l’ields, and St. PauCs, Covent Garden, is committed; to take the Complaints, and Matter of this Petition also, into Examination; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That all Members of this House, that serve Paris Garden for the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, be added to the made a Committee to which the Bill for making the Manor of i>ari3lj' ParisGarden in Surrey a distinct Parish from St.Saviour's, Southwarke, was committed.

A Bill

19 6

3i* Januarii — i* — 30 Februarii. . A. 1670.

Registry of Deeds, 6cc.

Call of the House,

A Bill being tendered, and read, for settling a Bank and Registry for Deeds, and Securities, and Perpetuities;

Resolved, See. That the House will, on Monday next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to resume the Debate concerning a publick Registry, and Perpetuities.

The House, then proceeded to the Calling over the House, according to former Order.

Ordered, That a List be made out of the Members Defaulters, and returned into the Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee of the whole House do draw up a Clause, pursuant to the former Order of this House, for doubly assessing the Members Defaulters in Attendance, in the Bill of Subsidies; and that they do report it, with the Amendments to the Bill, to the House.

Ordered, That the House be called over again on this Day Fortnight, under the same Penalty formerly imposed upon Defaulters.

Light House* Ordered, That the Business concerning Liverpoole, be in Ireland, peremptorily heard by the Committee of Grievances, on Friday next, the first Business of that Day.

Defaulters to Call of the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Or ray, Mr. Sir Ed-

ward Wise, Mr. Tanner, Sir Richard Wiseman, and the Master of the Rolls, Defaulters in Attendance, upon the Call of the House, and now present, giving their Attendance, be excused, and struck out of the List of Defaulters.

Buying and Ordered, That Sir John Ernely, Sir Walter St. John, sellingCattle. Mr. Walden, Sir Adam Browne, be added to the Committee appointed to draw up a Bill to prevent Frauds in buying and selling of Cattle.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Wine settling an Agreement between his Majesty and his Royal

Licence*. Highness, was committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock.

Paris Garden Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Parish. making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parish was committed, do sit this Afternoon.

Committees. Ordered, That all other Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

Supply Bill; Resolved, 8cc. That the House will resolve into a Corn-

Subsidies. mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Merc-iirii, primo die , 1670.

P r a v e it s.

A PETITION, on the Behalf of Thomas Mason, Nicholas Bagshawe and Robert Lit tier, now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns, for a Breach of Privilege, against Sir Henry Herbert, being tentiered to the 1 louse; submitting themselves, and craving the Pardon of the House;

Ordered, That the Persons before-mentioned be discharged, paying their Fees.

A Bill being tendered on the Behalf of an Infant, to prevent the Forfeiture of his Estate, by Mr. Crouch, according to the Order of the House;

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill to prevent the Forfeiture of the Estate ol Edward Mosely, an Infant, be read on Friday next.

Supply Bill; The House then resolved into a Committee of the Subsidies. whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

24

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That

the House had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the w hole House, on Friday Morning next,

Nine of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolv ed into a Committee of the whole House, on Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Privily — Petition from Persons ia custody.

Mosely’*

fcsUte.

Veneris, 3° die Februarii, 1670.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Billon the Behalf of Sir Smith's. &c.

Will.Smith and Amendments thereto, be returned to Agreement, the Lords, by Sir John Brampston.

Ordered, That the Report touching the Election for Se f >rd Seajord, be heard on Monday next; and that the Petition, Election, tendered on the Behalf of the Tow n be then read.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter touching H<urth Abuses in collecting Hearth Money, be adjourned till Money Tax. Monday next, after the Report of Seajord.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch, Sir Jonatk. Sir Haughton’* Humph Winch, Sir Rich.Edgccomte, Sir Will. Beecher, Kataw.

Mr. Hampden, Sir John Norton, Mr. Aldwenih, Sir Clarice, be added to the Committee to which the Bill on the Behalf of the Executors of Robert Haughton Esquire, was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Walgraxe, Sir Henry Sir Ogle’sEstat*. Edm. Foley, be added to the Committee to which the Bill of Sir Thomas Ogle was committed.

Ordered, That these Members following, be added to Employment the Committee to which the several Petitions of Gyles' 01 the l>uor*

in the Fields, St. Paul's Covent Garden, and the Inhabitants of Stepney, were committed; viz. Sir Will.Hide-man, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Newton, Lord Castleton, Mr. Neale, Sir Nicholas CMr. Cornwallis,

Sir John Dawncy, Sir Rich. Ingo/sbyMr. Mr. Gar raw ay, Mr. Eyre, Sir Thomas Mceres, Mi-. Wood,

Sir John Mounson, Sir John Brampston, Mr. /Fright,

Mr. Roberts.

Ordered, That the Thanks of the House be returned Dr. Outran* to Dr. Outram, Rector of St. Margby Dr. tanked.

well, for his excellent and seasonable Sermon, preached before the House on Monday last, being the Fast for the Martyrdom of King Charles the First.

Ordered, That the Bill on the Behalf of Edward Moseley’* Mosely, an Infant, be read Tomorrow Morning. Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill on the Behalf of John Sams, for Sams’ settling a charitable Use, be read Tomorrow Morning. Charities.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Fill; whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies. Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by 'Sir Will. Child, and Sir Lords desirf. Thom. Estcourt; a Co

Mr.

4

If

)!:

01

F

Gi

'.0

‘ 7

‘ 11

c

22 Car. II.

3* — 4* — 6°

*97

Defaulters to Call of the House*

*=1

ru

ik

eyla

xti

it.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a Conference with this House, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers being withdrawn, and called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that this House had agreed to the said Conference.

Ordered, That Captain Sherrard, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Geo. Courthop, Mr. Grenvile Sir Stroude, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Rich. Mr. Humph.

Weld, Mr. Rolles, Lord Vaughan, Sir Mr. Pierpoint, Defaulters in Attendance upon the Call

of the House, and now present, be excused, and struck out of the List of Defaulters.

Committee Ordered, That Mr. Thin be added to the Committee of Privileges, of privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 4° die Februarii, 1670. Praters.

Defaulters to f \RDERED, That Sir Henry , who made

Call »f the v/ Default in Attendance at the Call of the House, and ^owe* is still sick and not in a Condition to attend, be excused, and struck out of the List of Defaulters.

Paris Garden Ordered, That all the Members that serve for Kent, nade Parish, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parish distinct from St. Saviours Southwarke, was committed; and also these Members following; viz.

Moiely’s

Estate.

A Bill to prevent the Forfeiture of the Estate of Edward Mosely an Infant, was read the First time. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

fe

Hall’s Estate. Ordered, That the Bill on the Behalf of Benedict Hall Esquire, be returned to the Lords, by Mr. Gray.

Privilege Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges, in the Matter between Mr. Seymour and Mr. Nosu'orthy, be heard on Morning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Defaulters to Ordered, That the Lord Combury, Sir John Dethick, Call of the and sir Thomas Bludworth, Defaulters in Attendance upon the Call of the House, and now present, be excused, and struck out of the List of Defaulters.

House.

Supply Bill; The House then resolved into a Committee of the Subsidies, whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Conference;

Malicious

Maiming.

ja"

The House went up, to attend the Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill to prevent malicious Maiming and Wounding.

Sir Thomas Meeresreports from the Conference had with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill to prevent malicious Maiming and Wounding, Wherein the Lords do agree, and Wherein they differ from the Amendments sent by this House; and the Reasons of their so doing:

And the latter Paper, sent from the Lords, relating to the said Amendments, were twice read; and debated.

1st Press, Line 24, 25, and 36. To the Second and Third Amendment, made by the Lords; to which the Commons do not agree; the Lords are not satisfied with the Reasons given by the House of Commons.

Vo 1. IX.

Resolved, That this House is not satisfied with the Reasons given by the House of Lords.

2d Press, 1. 48. To the Sixth Amendment, made by the Lords, for putting the 24th Day of June in the Year of our Lord God 1671.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with their Lordships:

To the Commons Amendment in the Eighth Line of their Lordships Amendment, for leaving out the Words " with Intention, in so doing, to maim or disfigure, in that'especial manner, such his Majesty’s Subject;" wherein their Lordships do not agree;

Resolved, &c. That this House is not satisfied with the Reasons given by the House of Lords.

Press 3. Line In the Seventh Amendment, the Lords do not agree to leave out the Words (after " Abettors,") " knowing of, and privy to the Offence, as aforesaid."

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with their Lordships.

Eighth Amendment. — To the leaving out the Clause in the Bill, from the Sixth Line of the Third Press, to the Word, "provided," in the Twenty-seventh Line; to which this House did not agree; the Lords are not satisfied with the Reasons given by the House of Commons.

Resolved, Scc. That this House is not satisfied with the Reasons given by the House of Lords.

Resolved, Sec. That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference: And that Sir Thomas Lee do carry up this Message to the Lords.

Ordered, That the same Members who managed the last Conference, do manage this.

Resolved, &c. That the Report from the Committee Light-houses of Grievances, concerning the Light Houses in Ireland, in lreIdnd* be made on Wednesday next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon, who exhibited his Petition Derby against Mr. Sacheverell, as to the Election of a Knight Election* of the Shire for the County of Derby, have Leave to withdraw his Petition; and therefore the Witnesses of Mr. Sacheverel may forbear any further Attendance.

Ordered, That the Matter of Privilege between Mr. Privilege: Digby and Mr. Cornwallis, appointed to be heard before the Committee of Privileges, this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tuesday Afternoon; to be then peremptorily heard, the first Cause.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committees. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 6* die Februarii, 1670.

Prayers.

SI R Richard Ford, Lord Mayor of London, attended Defaulter to the House this Day; and desired to be excused for Cull of the not giving his Attendance at the Call of the House. House.

Ordered, That the said Sir Richard Ford, Lord Mayor of London, be excused, and struck out of the List of Defaulters.

Ordered, That Mr. Ducket have the Leave of this Leave of House to go into the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Jay, Sir Thomas Clergis, and Sir Defaulters Lewis Palmer, who were absent at the Call of the Call of the House, and are now attending, be excused, and struck House, out of the List of Defaulters.

A Bill for settling the charitable Use intended by Sams'

John Sams, was read the Second time. Charities.

3 D Resolved,

io8 6° — 70 Februarii. A. 167G.-

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Wright, Sir John Heath, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Sir

John Knight, Sir Edmond Windham, Mr. Jay, Lord Mayor, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Thomas Allen, Lord Fits Harding, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Sir

Robert Dillington, Sir Thom. BDoctor

Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Cory, Mr. Price, Sir John Norton, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Garaxvay, Sir Trevor

Williams, Sir Edw. Thurland, Sir Sir

Proberi, Sir Allen Broderickc, Mr. H. Buscozven, Mr JV grave, Col. Sandys, Sir Henry Herbert, Sir John ston, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Daniel, Mr.

Jolliffe, Sir Theophilus Biddolph, Mr. Spry, Sir T/nnn. Dolman, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Francis Clerlce, Mr. Ford, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Rous, Sir ChHurbord, Mr. bame, Mr. Otxoay, Sir Anth.Irby, Sir Gcruer, Sir

John Moreton, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Air.

Hobby, Mr. Poule, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir John Pettus, and all the Members that serve for London: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is recommended to Sir Edxvard Thurland, to take care of the Bill.

half of the Lord Norris; and the Bill on the Behalf of the Lord Stafford.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Alatter concerning Ilearth Abuses in the Collection of Hearth Aloiiey, be adjourned till Wednesday next.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Registry of whole House, upon the Debate of settling a publick L)ecds’ &c* Registry of Deeds, Securities, and Perpetuities,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Carre took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Lee acquaints the House, that the Lords Lords agre* had agreed to a free Conference, upon the Subject Mat- to ter of the last Conference; and That presently, in the fcawte* 1 Painted Chamber.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports, That they had attended the Conference accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Probert have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, his Lady being dangerously ill. AWuce.

Indigent

Officers,

Fees of Clerks of Assize.

Preventing Profanation of Sunday.

Preventing Growth of Popery.

A Bill for Recovery of Alonies in Arrear to the indi- Ordered, That the Cause nmv depending before the Cirencester gent loyal Officers, was read the First time. Committee of Privileges, concerning the Flection of Lkction.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time. Cirencester, be heard at the said Committee, the first,

Business, Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Alatter touching the Examination of the pees of the Clerks of Ordered, That the Alatter of Privilege between Air. Privilege. Assize was committed, be revived; and that these Alem- Connca/lis and M\. Digby, appointed to be heard before bers following be added to the Committee: And they are to the Committee of Privileges, Tomorrow in the Aftermeet Tomorrow in the Afternoon; Sir John Brampston, noon, be adjourned till Thursday next, to be then heard,

Sir John Barnaby, Sir Richard Bruliam, Sir Robert Holt, the first Cause.

Sir John Pettus, Mr. Sachevercl, Mr. Coleman, Sir Geo.

jFVofcr/, Alajor Coi'tixcall, Mr. Johnson, Mr. IVcstphaling, Ordered, That Air. Man, who exhibited his Petition pownton Air. Whorwood, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Gray, Sir Trevor Wil-against Sir Jos. as to the Election of a Burgess for Election. Hams, Mr. Onslozv, Sir Henry Peck ham, Sir Francis Good- the Borough of have Leave to withdraw his

ricke, Sir Rich. Francklin, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Robert Petition: And therefore, the Witnesses for Sir Joseph Cordell, Sir Francis Clarke, Mr. Otway, Sir John Daxmy, Ash may forbear any further Attendance.

Air. Herbert, Sir Win. Beecher, Mr. Walden.

Resolved, c. That the House resolve into a Commit- supply Rill; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to tee, of the whole House, Tomorrow Alorning, Ten of Subsidies, prevent Profanation of the Lord's Day, by Arrest, or the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the otherwise: Bill of Subsidies.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Doxrdesxicll,

Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Meeres, Ordered, That the Hearing of the Cause, upon the Lindsey Col. Windham, Sir Char.Hurbord, or any Three of Bill for draining of Lindsey Level, appointed to be heard Level, them, to prepare and bring in the Bill. at the Bar of the House Tomorrow, be peremptorily

heard on Thursday Alorning next.

Ordered, That a Committee he appointed, to inquire into the Causes of the Growth of Popery; to prepare and > Ordered, That the Report of the Committee of Pri- Seaford bring in a Bill to prevent it; and also to inquire touching vileges, concerning the Election at Seaford in the County Election; the Number of the Jexcs, and their Synagogues, and upon of Sussex, appointed for this Day, be made on Friday what Terms they are permitted to have their Residence Alorning next, here; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir HumphJVinch, Ordered, That these Alembers following be added to Employment Air. Hobbit, Colonel Williams, Sir Thomas Allen, Air Che-the Committee to which the several Petitions of 1>ooc*

my. Air. Daniel, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Solomon Sxcale, in the Fields, Paul's Garden, and the Inliabi-

Sir Job Charlton, Mr. Milliard, Lord Richardson, S\rWill. tants of Stepney, were committed; Air. Air.

Coventry, Sir Thom. Goxcer, Mr. Garaxcay, Mr. Palmer, Hearlc, Mr. Tanner, Sir Basset, Mr. Rouse, Air.

Sir John Knight, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Air. IF Ain

Otxi'ay, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Morice, Sir Sir// Air. , Mr. Hobby, Mr. Haring.

Trevor Williams; or any Five of them: And they are to And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

meet, at Two of the Clock this Atternoon, in the Speaker’s Alornin" EDht of the Clock.

Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Mart is, T die , l6?0.

Sir JustinianLexcin;

F.arl of Air. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, Prayers.

Shrewsbury’* intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of Charles That Air. Dunster, who made De- Defaulter to

ute" Earl oh Shrewsbury, and John Talbot Esquire, Tnlants, \J fault in Attendance upon the Call of the House, and ^‘11 «l ibe

to dispose of certain Manors, Lands, and rl enements, for js now present, be excused, and struck out of the List "oust’ the Benefit of the said Infants: To which they desire the of Defaulters.

Concurrence of this House:

Lor.l Norris’ And have also commanded us to acquaint you, that they Ordered, That Sir John Knight, Mr. Williamson, and Committceof tec Estates, have agreed to the Amendments to the Bill on the Be- Air. Rouse, be added to the Committee of Privileges.' Privileges, 18 ‘ -'The

ic.

-?t

4

ct

tfjf

a.

A

v II;

ey

rd

wo,'

oTHCt

t'j*

ii

e.

V^:!

22 Car. II. 70 — 8° Februarii.

199

Earl of The ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shifwsbury’i f0 enable the Guardians of Charles Earl of pstute‘ and John Talbot Esquire, Infants, to dispose of certain Manors, Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of the said Infants, was read a First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Report of the Matter of Privilege, between Mr. Seymour and Mr. be made To-

morrow Morning.

Indigent Ordered, That the Bill concerning the indigent loyal Oicers. Officers, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Erdesias* A Bill, being offered, concerning regulating the Or-tal Courts, dinaries, and Abuses in Ecclesiastical Courts.

Resolved, Sec. That the Debate of this Matter be adjourned till Thursday Morning.

Supply Bill; The House resolved into a Committee of the whole Subsidies. House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, Sec. That the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the Dispatch of the said Bill of Subsidies.

Umt of The -Question being put, That Colonel Williams have Absence. Leave to go into the Country;

It passed in the Negative.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mcrcurii, 8* Februarii, 1(370.

Prayers.

Employment A PETITION, intituled, The humble Petition of of the Pour. f\ the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the Examination of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of St. Gyles', was committed; the Petitioners, who signed the said Petition, owning the same, before' the said Committee.

Members in Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the near of Aid. County of Suffolke, be added to the Committee appointed to examine the List of Accounts of Monies in Arrear, and due to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Earl of Shrews- I' lH of bury, sent down Irom the Lords, be read Tomorrow Huvwsl.ury’i Morning.

Sir Job Charlton reports from the Committee of Pri- Privilege,

vileges, that, upon Examination of the Matter between Mr. Seymour and Mr. Noszcorthy, the Committee were of Opinion, That there was a Breach of Priv ilege in Richard Cole, Zochary Henly, Thomas Lucy, John Palmer, and Richard Noszcorthy, in making an Entry upon the Possession of Mr. Seymour.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that there was a Breach of Privilege in Richard Cole, in making an Entry upon the Possession of Mr. Seymour.

Ordered, That the Order for the Commitment of the said Zachary Henly, Thomas Lucy, John. Palmer, and Richard Nosu'orlhy, be discharged.

Ordered, That Richard Cole be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, for his Breach of Privilege, in making an Entry upon the Possession of Mr. Henry Seymour.

Ordered, That all Committees discontinued be re- Committees, vived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Mallet, Sir Preventing John Hotham, Mr. Hopkins, I\Ir. Sir ot

Lewis, Sir John Ernely, Sir Thomas B/uSir of<rI^’

Lozvther, Sir John Mounson, be added to the Committee appointed to bring in a Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery.

Sir Thom. Mcercs reports from the Committee of Light house* Grievances, that upon reading the Petition of the Mas- iu Ireland, ters and Owners of Ships belonging to Chester, and Parts adjacent to the Northw ards, to them rclerred by the House; complaining against a Patent, under the Great Seal o i Ireland, for erecting certain Light Houses

in Ireland; and, hearing Counsel, and Witnesses, on the Behalf of the Petitioners; as also of the Patentees; that the Committee were of Opinion, That the Patent, under the Great Seal of Ireland, for erecting certain LightHouses in Ireland, dated the Sixteenth of July, in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, was a common Grievance.

Upon Debate of which Report,

Resolved, That the Patent, under the Great Seal of Ireland, for erecting certain Light Houses in Ireland, dated the Sixteenth of July, in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, is a common Grievance.

Resolved, &c. That his Majesty be humbly moved, by Andres* such Members of this House as are of his Privy Council, tlieleou‘ to call in the Patent, under the Great Seal of Ireland, for erecting certain Light Houses in Ireland, dated the Sixteenth of July, in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

Irulieent The Bill on the Behalf of the indigent loyal Officers, Officers, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sit Adam Brou ne, Sir Jonath. Trelazcny, Sir John Moreton, Sir Hugh JViiulham, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Harrison, Sir WiU. Coventry, Mr, Morrice, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Northcot, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Fowlke Lucy, Sir Charles Ilarbord, Col. Strode, Sir h'by, Mr. Crouch,

Lord Ancram, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Thom. Higgons,

Mr. Ford, Sir Robert H Colonel Rcames, Mr. Spry, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Sir Francis Good-

ricke, Mr. Mervell, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Allen, Sir

John Birkenhead, Sir John Ernely, Sir Fdzv. Deering, Sir John Knight, Sir Edm. Windham, Col. Birch, Mr.

Milxcard, Colonel Kirby, Sir Thom. Mr. West-

phaling, Sir Phil. Mounckton, Mr. Wood, Mr. Vernon, Sir

John Rulles: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Tw o of the Clock, in the Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber; And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. IX.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Will. Child and Lords desire Sir Will. Glascocke; Conference.

Air. Speaker, The Lords desire a free Conference with this House, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that this House did agree to the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Cause concerning Lindsey Level Llndse7 Fen, appointed to be heard at the Bar of the House To- Level‘ morrow Morning, be adjourned till this Day Sevennight; nothing to intervene.

Resolved, See. That the House resolve into a Com- Supply Bill; mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning Nine ' ubsidieg. of the Clock, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Members formerly desired to bring in some Clauses to the Bill of Subsidies, to prepare and bring in the Clause for doubly Rating the

Members,

'ZOO

8° — 9°

io° Februarii.

A: 1670.

Members, Defaulters, in the Bill of Subsidies: And it is recommended to Sir Thom. M and Sir Charles bord, to hasten the bringing in' of the several Clauses.

And then the House, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 9* die Februarii, 1670.

Pr

AYERS.

Supply Bill;

Wine

Licences*

and Misemployment of Monies raised for Relief of the Poor.

The Churchwardens, and another ancient Parishioner, being called in to the Bar of the House j and owning the Petition; and that the same was preferred by the Consent of the Parishioners;

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Petitions of the Inhabitants of Saint Gyles in the Fields, Saint Paid's Garden,

and Stepney, was committed: And the Committee are to look into the Act, by Power of which the Monies are

SI R George Omening reports from the Committee raised; and to see how the same has been executed; and to which the Bill for confirming an Agreement, be- to ca|i the Governor of the C

tween his Majesty and his lloyal Highness, touching Wine Licences, was committed, some Amendments to be made, and some Clauses to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same, being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Clauses and , Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Earl of j A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Guardians £, StateStHiry of Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, and John Talbot Esquire, Infants, to dispose of certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, for the Benefit of the said Infants, w?as read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir John

Company, and the Treasurer, to an Account, of what Monies they have levied and received, from the several Parishes, or others, by virtue of the said Act; and how the same have been employed; and report the whole Matter, with their Opinions, to the House.

A Motion being made, for Leave to bring in a Bill for putney building another Bridge over the River Thames, about Bridge. Putney,..... be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Sir Job Charlton reports from the Committee of s*aford Elections, the State of the Case, and Evidence, touching L *ctlBO‘ the Election for the Town of Se in the County of Sussex, and the Question thereupon arising; whether the

Heath, Sir Allen Apsely, Mr. Morris, Sir John Knight, Sir Ri§ht oi Election were in the Bailiff, Jurors, and Free-

Thomas Allen, Sir Geo. ReevesSir Edw. Deering, Sir Jonath. Trelawny, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr.

Mr. Seymour, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Solomon Swale, Dr. Arris, Mr. Crouch, Sir MauriceSir Thom. Hig-

gons, Sir JVill. Doyley, Sir Brampston, Sir Robert

Carr, Mr. Bishop, Sir Henry (Sir Thom. Dolman,

Mr. Hobby, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Northcot, Mr. Wren, Sir Francis Goodrich, Mr. Mr. Cornwallis, Lord Aungier, Sir WiMorlcy, Sir Fleet-

wood, Sir John Emely, Sir John Newton, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Sir JVill.

Coventry, Mr. Parade, Col. Kirby, Sir Thom. Gower, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Hugh Mr. Finch, Mr. JVeld, Sir John Cotton: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

men, only; or, in the Populacy; and that the Committee w'ere of Opinion, that the Bailiff, Jurors, and Freemen, had not only Voices in Election, but that the Election was in the Populacy; and that Mr. Morley was duly elected.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

The House divided.

The Noes go out.

Tellers,

Sir Eliah Harvey,

Mr. Garaway,

Sir Robert Holt,

Lord Ancram,

for the Yeas, 108. for the Noes, 102.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative

Indigent

Officers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper Seaford Writ of the Great Seal of England, of the Vacancy of a Mem-Resolved, Scc. That these Members following be added ber, to serve in this House for the Borough of Seaford to the Committee to which the Bill on the Behalf of the in the County of Sussex; desiring him, that a Writ may indigent loyal Officers, was committed; viz. Sir JVill. issue, under the Great Seal, for electing of a Member for Heywood, Sir John Coriton, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir John the Borough of Seaford, to serve in this present Parlia-Newton, Mr. Fox, Mr Price, Lord Hawley, Mr. Mus- ment for that Place.

Supply Bill; Subsidies.

grave, Sir Rich. Malcverer, Col. Grey, Sir Edw. Massey,

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymourtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Conference;

Malicious

Maiming.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the free Conference Conference} had with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill Maliciou* against malicious Maiming and Wounding, some new Maiming. Amendments proposed by them, formerly made, by inserting the " Tenth of March," instead of the " Sixteenth of February" so as this House will agree to insert, in the One-and-twentieth Line of the Second Skin, the

The House then went to attend the free Conference Eighth of March," instead of the " Fourteenth of with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last tree Which Amendment being twice read; and,

Conference, upon the Amendments to the Bill to prevent malicious Maiming and Wounding.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports, that the Managers of the said Conference had attended the same; and that, at present, they were not ready to make a Report thereof.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Conference be made Tomorrow Morning.

with the Addition of another Clause, proposed to be agreed to; the said Clause was twice read; and being, upon the Question, agreed;

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Lords, in the new Amendments proposed, with the Addition of the Clause aforesaid, in the Thirtieth Line of the First Press, after the Word " Dominions.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Lords, in the Eighth Line of their Sixth Amendment;

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Employment of the Pwr.

Veneris, 10° die F, 1670.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of JVhilcchaple was read; complaining of a Grievance,

viz.that, instead of these Words, " that special manner," it be inserted, " in any the manners before-mentioned."

To the Eighth Amendment, made by the Lords, of leaving out the Clause;

This House were, upon the Question, yet unsatisfied with the Lords Reasons for the total Omission of that Clause.

Resolved,

22 Car. II.

i o° — j i° — 13 ° — 140

201

Resolved, &c. That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference, upon the Amendments to the Bill to prevent malicious Maiming and Wounding.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit

this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Sup A Pin; Resolved, That the House will resolve into a Committee

bub»-dies. of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of Subsidies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

T*?

aid*:

)D:et*

J:;«l

Sabbati, 11s d Februarii, 1670.

Praters.

Privilege. IID ERED, That George Copley, menial Servant to

U sir Richard Maleverer, a Member of this House, being

arrested and detained Prisoner in Newgate, contrary to Privilege, be released of his Imprisonment; and shaft have v his Privilege allowed, during this Session of Parliament.

Solely Prill; An ingrossed Bill for revesting the Power of granting Wme i.i- -Wine Licences in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; cences. and for settling a Recompence on his Royal Highness in

lieu thereof; was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for revesting the Power of granting Wine Licences in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and for settling a Recompence on his Royal Highness in lieu thereof: And Sir George Downing is to carry it . up to the Lords.

Conference Ordered, That Sir Thomas do go up to the

doueii wiih Lords, to desire a free Conference, upon the Amendments to the Bill against malicious Maiming and Wounding.

Supply Bill; The House then resolved into a Committee of the Suuaiiiies. whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Conference; Sir Thomas Clergis reports, That the Lords had agreed

M tnmjs to a present free Conference.

Jumnng. §jr Thomas Meeres reports from a free Conference had with the Lords, that they had delivered the Amendments of this House, and the Reasons for the same, to the Lords.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Members, formerly appointed to manage the Conferences with the Lords, upon the Bill, and Amendments, against malicious Maiming and Wounding, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a new Bill, upon the Subject Matter of the last Clause, omitted in the said former Bill, touching Members of Parliament

I.ady

Williams*

Estate.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill on Behalf of the Lady Williams was committed, be revived; and do sit on Tuesday next at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And these Members following be added to the said Committee; Mr. PhillipSir Phillipps,

Mr. Progers, Mr. Cornwallis.

Mosdv’t Ordered, That the Bill on the Behalf of Edward Lsute. Mostly, an Infant be read on Tuesday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Supply Bill; Resolved, &c. That the House will, on Monday Morn-Suiisidiei, ing next resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill of Subsidies.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Vol. IX,

Lunce, 13° die Februarii, 1670.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Col. St rangMr. Noell, Sir Thomas Proby, Sir//ugh Windham, Sir Hugh Bet hell, j£u8° 6

Mr. Grimston, who made Default in Attendance upon the

Call of the House, and are now present, be excused, and struck out of the List of Defaulters.

Mr. Weld reports from the Committee, to which the Earl of Bill on the Behalf of the Earl of Shrewsbury, was com- ,£b^*burj mitted, some Amendments to the Bill; and withal, that upon Perusal of the Bill, and the Deeds where to it does relate, and which are therein inserted, there is a Difference, which is necessary to be reconciled by some further Clause of Amendment:

Which being debated;

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be re-committed, upon the Debates of the House, to the former Committee.

Resolved, See. That the House be resolved into a Com- Registry of mittee of the whole House, on Friday Morning next, to Deeds>,&c. resume the Debate of the Matter, touching a publick Registry and Perpetuities.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, on the Behalf Estate, of Major Bill, was read the Third time; and agreed; and ordered to be returned to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Bills sent Dr. Baldwin; from the

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Lords’ quaint you, That they have agreed with this House, in the Amendments ottered at the last free Conference, upon the Bill against malicious Maiming and Wounding; and also, to the Amendments to the Bill on Behalf of Sir William Smith: And have sent you down Two Bills, one entituled, An Act to enable Robert Lord Bishop of Bangor, and Isaac Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, and their respective Successors, for ever, to lett, for One-and-Twenty Years, all Lead Mines in their Soil; and the other. An Act for the settling the Manor of Portsu'ood, and other Lands, late of Jolm Knight Gentleman, in the County, and Town and County of Southampton, in John Parker Serjeant at Law, Mr. William Morgan, and William of

London, Gentleman, to be sold for Payment of Debts

The House then resolved into a Committee of the 1

whole House, upon the Bill of Subsidies. u 1 ie#‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports, that the Committee had now gone through the Bill of Subsidies; and had commanded him to know the Pleasure of the House, when the Report thereof Should be made.

Resolved, &c. That the Report of the Bill of Subsidies be made Tomorrow Morning, after the Call of the House: And that the House be called over at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees which were discon- Committees, tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 14* die Februarii, 1670.

Praters.

MR. Weld reports from the Committee, to which Earl of the Bill, on the Behalf of the Earl of and John Talbot, Infants, was re-committed, some Amend -menls agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill:

Which he read, with the Coherence; and tftter, delivered

3 E the

202

I4° — -15° — i6d

A. 1670.

Call of the House.

the same, in at the Clerk’s Table: Which were twice read; and upon the Question, agreed.

Ordered, That the Bill and Amendments be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

The House then proceeded to call over the Members: And several were, upon the Question, excused.

The Question being put, That Col. e excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas went out. Tellers,

Sir Rob. Carr,

Col. Walden,

Mr. Hopkinj

Sir Edw.

} '1 /

for the Yeas, 185. for the Noes, 86.

Thomas’

Petition.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the List of Members, Defaulters, be writ out fair by the Clerk, to the end that their Names may be inserted in the Clause for the double rating of such Members.

A Petition of Sir Edward Thomas Baronet, was read; And the Petitioner, being called in, did own the Petition; and averred, he would make out the Matter of the Petition to be true; the same containing a Complaint against Robert Thomas Esquire, his Son, a Member of this House, of several Frauds, Injuries, and Abuses, committed by his said Son, against him tire said Sir Edicurd Thomas.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Thomas be summoned, by Order, to attend this House on this Day Fortnight, to answer the Petition exhibited against him by his Father, and the Complaints therein contained; and that a Copy of the Petition be sent him with the Order.

Mr. Edward Seymour reports from the Committee of the whole House, several Amendments agreed to be made, and Clauses to be added to the Bill of Subsidies: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resohed, &c. That the Report of the Bill of Subsidies be resumed Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Linsey Level. Ordered, That the business of Linsey Level be posi-

tively heard on Saturday next; and no other Business to intervene.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon be adjourned.

Supply Bill; Subsidies.

Ordered, That the Report of the Committee appointed Preventing to enquire into the Causes of the Growth of Popery, be Growth oi heard Tomorrow Morning; and that the Committee l>opery' have Leave to sit this Afternoon, notwithstanding the Sitting of the Committee of Grievances.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, on the Behalf Earl of of the Earl of Shrewsbury, and John Talbot Esquire, In-

fonts, with the Amendments made and agreed by this *" ae‘ House, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass: And that the Title be agreed: And the Bill, with the Amendments, is to be returned to the Lords, for their Concurrence, by Mr.

The House then resumed the Report of the Bill of Supply Bill; Subsidies and Amendments thereunto: Which being Subsidies, once read;

The Amendments to the Fifth Line of the First Folio wras read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Amendments, to the Sixth Line of that Folio, was read the Second time; and, with the Omission of these Words, " contracted by Your Majesty in the late War," upon the Question, agreed to be omitted.

The Amendments, to the Seventh Line, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Amendments, to the Seventh Line of the Third Folio, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Clause, marked (A) N° 1. for taxing Fifteen Shillings per Cent, on the Bankers, was read the Second time; and, with some Alterations, upon the Question, made at the Table, agreed to.

The Second Clause, of transferring Debts, marked (B)

N° 2. was twice read; and, upon the Question, rejected.

Resolved, &c. That the House proceed in the Report of the Amendments to the Bill of Subsidies, Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Message for

expediting

Business.

Answer to Address.

Leave of Absence.

Mr. Secretary Trevor acquaints the House, that he was commanded by his Majesty to acquaint them, that his Majesty was informed, that there had some Bills passed both Houses; and that there w ere others depending, near their Dispatch; which he desired them to hasten, especially those for his Supply: And, lest they Should not be ready for his Royal Assent, by the Two-and-twentieth of this Instant February, he hath given Order for the adjourning of the Sessions till the Tenth of March next.

The Lord Ogle acquaints the House, from his Majesty, that his Majesty had been graciously pleased, upon the Address of the House, to give Order for the Calling in the Patent for erecting certain Lighthouses in Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 15* Februarii, 1670.

Praters.

/~\ RDERED, That Sir Norton Knatchbold have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, for

Recovery of his Health.

Members in Ordered, That such Members as serve for the City of arrearof Aid. London, be added to the Committee appointed to esquire

what Monies are in Arrear to his Majesty, and how they may be recovered; and that the Committee be revived.

Jovis, 16° Februarii, 1670.

Prayers.

/~\ RDERED, That Mr. Lewes have the Leave of the Leave of House to go into the Country, to attend the Funeral Absence, of his Son.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Will. Child and Bills sent Mr. Beversham; from U,r<b.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you Three Bills; The First, An Act for granting to Sir Philip Howard and Francis Watson Esquire, the sole Use of a Manu* facture, Art or Invention, for the Benefit of Shipping.

With some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And they have agreed to the Amendments of the Earl of Shrewsbury's Bill.

The Amendment and Clause, to be added to the Bill for confirming an Agreement between his Majesty and his Royal Highness, w ere thrice read; and agreed; and the Bill ordered to b’e returned to the Lords, by the Lord Ancram.

Ordered, That the Committees, to which the Bill con- Sams' cerning the charitable Use of Mr. and the Bill for Charities

Repair of Churches, be revived; and do sit this After- c‘ noon.

Resolved, That the Report of the Bill against Conven- Conventicles., tide* be heard on Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Broad-loom or the Engine-loom Broad-loom Weavers was read. Weavers.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to which the Bill on the Behalf of the Company

|SEVt

1 V.lti

ft"

: £f

Lett rH

T

piiti

fa

V:f;' n

"lilt Tat Ik

Li

M

>.1

Li

, U

lie

ItU’l

.Ul

T.,e

11:

tp'flti

h

El; oi T;, Tli-

Lt

Si

L

Vj

kl

Ns,

r».

V-v

ttv.1

f.

’>1

'Je

Ch,

22 Car. II.

l6° — -i 70

203

Evening li row in ot to j; cry.

Sup.ly Bill;

bu'Jiu'Jita.

yS?;

dft

eoi

:aff.

«?2t

I)

.riiirt

Preventing Growth uf Popery.

Employment of the Poor.

if#

, VC>

Defaulters to Call of the Hoot.

pany of Weavers, London, is committed, to take the Matter of the Petition into Consideration; and report it* with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Resolved, &c. That the Report of the Committee, appointed to inquire into the Causes of the Growth of Popery, be heard immediately after the Report of the Bill of Subsidies is dispatched.

The House then proceeded in the Second Reading of the rest of the Amendments to the Rill of Subsidies.

The several Amendments, preceding the Amendment to the loth Line of the 17 th Fol. were, upon the Second Reading, severally agreed.

The Amendment, to the loth Line of the 17th Fol. being read a Second time;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in that Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go out.

Tellers,

Sir John Morton,

Mr. Whorxcood,

Sir John Talbot,

Sir Joruith. Trelaxvny,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

this House, at their own Charge; and be brought to the Bar of this House, there to receive the Sentence of the House: And if any Defaulter shall presume to come into the House, before he render himself to the Serjeant at Arms, the Serjeant is to acquaint the Speaker therewith.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee*; Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the Morning,

House adjourned till Tomorrow

Eight of the Clock.

j- for the Yeas, J for the Noes,

120.

58.

Veneris, 17* Februarii, 1670.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Dyot have Leave of this Leave of House to go into the Country, his Wife being dan- Absence, gerously sick.

Ordered, That Sir Bainham Throgmorton, and; Mr. Repairing

Churchill, be added to the Committee for Repair of Churches. Churches.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, to enable Robert Bangor and The Amendments to the 24th Fol. Line and 5, was Lord Bishop of Bangor, and Isaac Lord Bishop of St. read the Second time; Asaph, and their respective Successors for ever, to lett,

And the Question being put, To agree ’with the Com- for One-and-twenty Years, all Lead Mines in their Soil,

nnttee;

It passed in the Negative.

The Word " transferred," on the Question, to be left out on the several Amendments.

The rest of the Amendments, all but the last, were, upon the Second Reading, upon the Question, agreed. The last Amendment, being to add a Clause, for doubly

was read. Resolved, &c.

That the Bill be read the Second time-

A Bill for Promoting the Fishery Trade, was read: Fishery. But being judged deficient; and brought in, without Order; was, with Leave, withdrawn.

Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee of

for the Yeas, for the Noes,

98.

"5-

assessing the Members Defaulters in Attendance, in the Trade, to consider of an Imposition, and where it may Bill of Subsidies, being read the Second time. 1 " 1:1 ~ J 1 ~~~J: J

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendments;

The House divided.

The Noes go out.

Tellers,

Sir William Hickman, )

Sir Edw. Vaughan, j

Lord Hawley, 1

Sir Geo. Dozening, J

And so it passed in the Negative.

Some other Amendments to the Bill were, upon the Question, agreed; and inserted in the Bill at the Table.

A Proviso, to excuse Ground unbuilt, and Houses untenanted, yielding no Profit, from being rated, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Proviso, for Liberty for Persons, that desire it, to swear in their Discharge.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Proviso, for taxing Places privileged, and which heretofore, by reason thereof, have escaped.

best be laid; and also to receive Proposals, and consider of all Means expedient; and thereupon to prepare and bring in a Bill, for the Encouragement of Fishery: And, for that Purpose, they are to sit on Monday next.

A Petition of H'illiam Woolley Clerk, now in the Privilege-Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was read; confessing Petition fri>m his Oil’ence; and craving Pardon of the House. a Pei}on

Ordered, That William Woolley Clerk be discharged cust0 from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Sir Trevor Williams reports from the Committee ap- Preventing pointed to inquire into the Causes of the Growth of Growth of Popery, several Reasons and Causes agreed by the I>0Pery-Committee, and several Votes of Address to be made to his Majesty thereupon: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; and are as followeth; viz.

1st, Popery increaseth, because there are great Numbers of- Priests and Jesuists frequenting the Cities of

London and Westminster; and most of the Counties of this Kingdom; more than formerly; seducing his Majesty’s good Subjects.

2 That there are several Chapels and places used, for saying of Mass, in the great Towns, and many other Parts of this Kingdom, besides those in Ambassadors Houses; whither great Numbers of his Majesty’s Subjects constantly resort, and repair to, without Controul; and especially in the Cities of London and;

contrary to the Laws established.

3///, That there are Fraternities or Convents of English Popish Priests, at St. James and at the Combe in Herefordshire', and others in other Parts of the Kingdom: Besides, several Schools are kept in divers Parts of this Kingdom, for the corrupt educating of Youth in the the Committee appointed to inquire into the Causes of Principles of Popery.

the Growth of Popery is dispatched: And that such That the common and publick Selling of Popish Defaulters, whose Excuses shall not be allowed, shall be Catechisms, and other seditious Papist Books, even in gent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the Time of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Report of the Committee, appointed to inquire into the Causes of the Growth of Popery, be heard Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock; and no other Business to intervene.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, and the Petitions of other Parishes, are committed, be revived; and do sit on Saturday next in the Afternoon.

Resolved, &c.That the List of the Members, Defaulters in Attendance, be called over, next after the Report of

204

170 — 18° Februarii.

A. 1670.

Pieventing Growth of Popery.

5 ly.That the general Remissness of the Magistrates, for the educating of Youth in the Principles of Popery,

and other Officers, or Clerks of the Assizes, and Clerks of erected within his Majesty’s Dominions; and to cause

the Peace, in not convicting Papists, according to Law.

Gly, That suspected Recusants are free from all Offices chargeable and troublesome; and do enjoy the Advantage of Offices and Places beneficial, executed either by themselves, or by Persons intrusted for them.

7th, 'Piat the Advow sauce of Churches, and Presentations to Livings, are disposed of by Popish Recusants,

the same to be abolished, and the said Priests, Jesuits, Friers, and Schoolmasters, to be duly punished, for such their insolencies.

Resolved, &. c. That his Majesty be humbly desired to give Order for apprehending, and bringing over into England, one Plunchet, who goes under the Name of

Primate of Ireland; and one Peter Talbot, who takes on

or by others intrusted by them, as they direct; whereby him the Name of Archbishop of Dublin-, to answer such nv'sc of those Livings and Benefices are filled with Matters as shall be objected against them. ' scandalous and unfit Ministers. Resolved, &c. That the former Committee, appointed

S/!/, That many Persons take the Liberty to send their to enquire into the Causes of the Growth of Popery, be Children beyond the Seas, to be educated in the Popish revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly Religion; and that several young Persons are sent beyond appointed:

Sea, upon the Notion of their better Education, under Tutors or Guardians, who are not put to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and usually corrupt the Youths, under their Tuition, into Popery.

p ly, That there hath been few Exchequer Process

issued forth, since the Act of Oblivion, against the Popish Recusants convict, though many have been certified thither.

10 ly, That the great Insolencies of the Papists in

Ireland, where doth publickly appear Archbishops and Bishops, reputed to be made such by the Pope, in Opposition to those made under his Majesty’s Authority, according to the Religion established in England and Ireland; and the open Exercise of Mass in Dublin, and other Parts of that Kingdom, is a further great Cause of the present Growth of Popery.

Peter Talbott, the reputed Archbishop of Dublin, was publickly consecrated so at with great and

publick Solemnity; from whence he came to London; where he exercised his Function, and w as, all along his Journey to Chester, treated with the Character of His Grace, by the Popish Recusants whom he visited: And, at his landing in Dublin, he was received with very great Solemnity, by those of the Popish Religion there; where also he exercised his Function publickly, great Multitudes then flocking upon him, and still continue to do the same: His present Residence is within Three Miles of Dublin, at his Brother’s, Colonel Richard Talbott's, who is now here, soliciting his Majesty, as publick Agent, on the Behalf of the Irish Papists of that Kingdom.

And it is referred to the same Committee, or any Five of them, to prepare and draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, in pursuance to the Reasons and Votes agreed to by this House; and to consider of such further Reasons and Remedies as they shall find expedient; and to consider of any other Proposals, that shall be ottered; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Right of the Clock.

Sabbati, 18* die Februarii, lG/O.

Prayers.

INFORMATION being given of a Breach of Privilege.

Privilege, committed against the Lord Vaughan, in serving Henry Davis, his menial Servant, with a Subpoena, to appear in the Court of Chancery, at the Suit of one ZachariasThomas;

Ordered, That all further Prosecution and Proceeding in the said Suit be stayed, during the Session of Parliament, and Time of Privilege.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining the Measures of Corn Com and Salt and Salt, was read. Measures.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of such as have a Right to Relit Corn, was twice read; and, with some Alterations made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed; and read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An additional Act for ascertaining the Measures of Com and Salt.

The ingrossed Bill of Subsidies, was read: And several Supply Bill; Amendments thereto w ere agreed and made at the Table. Suljbldles-A Proviso, for taxing Places privileged, was thrice read; and agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, Ike. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Subsidy to his Majesty, for Supply of his extraordinary Occasions: And that

1. That his Majesty, by His Proclamation, would be most graciously pleased to command, That all Popish Priests and Jesuits do depart this Realm, and all other his Majesty’s Dominions, on or before a Short Day to be prefixed, at their Perils; excepting only such foreign Priests as attend her Majesty's Person by the Contract of Marriage, and Ambassadors, according to the Law of Nations; and that all Judges and Justices of Peace, and all other Ministers and Officers of Justice, do cause the Law s, now in Force against Popish Recusants, to be put in due Execution; and in the first Place, for the speedy

Conviction of such Popish Recusants, that the Judges and Mr. Seymour do carry up the Bill to the Lords Justices aforesaid do strictly give the said Laws in Charge, unto the Juries, at all Assizes and Sessions, under the Penalty of incurring his Majesty’s highest Displeasure.

2 ly, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to

restrain and hinder the great Concourse of his native Ordered, That the Cause concerning Lindsey Level be Lindsey Subjects, from hearing of Mass, and other Exercises heard on Tuesday Morning next, the first Business; and Level-of the Romish Religion, in the Houses of foreign Am- nothing to intervene, bassadors or Agents; and in all other Chapels and Places

of this Kingdom. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Preventing

Sly, That his Majesty would be most graciously pleased, pointed to enquire into the Causes of the Growth of Growth of

out of his most princely Wisdom and pious Consideration, Popery, be heard on Monday Mornin, to take care, and cause, that no Office or Employment, of publick Authority, Trust, or Command, in civil or military Affairs, be committed to, or continued in, the Hands of any Persons, being a Popish Recusant, or justly suspected to be so.

4/?/, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to take Notice of all Fraternities and Convents of English and other Popish Priests, Jesuits, or Friers, and Schools

24

O*

Popery.

Ordered, That all that do come, shall have Voices..... to which the Bill on the Behalf of the indigent loyal Officers, w'as committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Indigent

Officers.

j

CIS

i..;U

su"-

sit

til

XX*

A:

ik.

A

dl

... A

; 5/1 )!

EM

k

Ion

, 0.

Hu

ii£

the

F

P,|

8U

uiij

T

; h

Ordered, That the Bill for an additional Excise upon Supply Bill; Beer and Ale be read on Monday Morning. Beer and Ale.

j

53 Car. II.

20° — 218 Februarii.

205

Paris Garden made a Parish.

Luna, 20° die Februarii, 1670.

Prayers.

Privilege. A P ETITIO N of Sir John Knight and

il Baronet, was read.

Ordered, That Sir E Hungerford have a Sight of the Petition; -and that the same be taken into further Consideration, on Wednesday Morning next.

Sir Adam Browne reports from the Committee, to which the Bill for making the Manor of Paris Garden in Surrey, a Parish distinct from St. Saviour's Southwarke, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made, and Clauses to be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the same being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses, be ingrossed.

llaslington A Message from the Lords, by Sir Will. Child and l’arish. Sir Will. Glascocke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, w intituled, An Act for erecting of the Manor or Lordship of Haslington in the County of Chester, into a Parish: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Defaulters to Ordered, That Mr. Henry Goring, Sir Richard -( all of the combe, Sir drill Bishop, Sir Sir

Wood, Mr. Laurence Hide, Mr. Thompson, and Mr. Giles Hungerford, formerly Defaulters in Attendance upon the Call of the House, be excused, and struck out of the List of Defaulters.

Hon:

Preventing Growth of Popery.

mwk

iipr?

us#

Leave of Absence.

Defaulters to Call of the House.

«r?’"

,cVci*

ft*

Supply!

Sir Trevor Williams reports from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Causes of the Growth of ropery, an Address agreed by the Committee, in pursuance of the Reasons and Votes formerly reported, and agreed by the House to be presented to his Majesty: Which was read; and, with an Addition to the Preamble, made at the Table, agreed to.

The Question being put, That Mr. have the Leave of the House to go into the Country, to follow his Occasions;

It passed in the Negative.

The House then proceeded to the Calling over the List of Defaulters.

And several Excuses being allowed; and the rest, whose Excuses were not allowed, were, upon the Question, ordered to be sent for in Custody, according to the former Order.

Ordered, That the House be called over on this Day Fortnight, under the Penalty last imposed; and no Member to go out of Town, without Leave, by Order.

The Question being put, That the House will every other Day proceed on the Bills for his Majesty's Supply; and the other Days, upon other publick Business;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Preventing of the former Laws, and to receive such Propositions and ^.xp?rt Expedients as shall be offered to prevent the Exportation ' 00 of Wool out of England or Ireland, into foreign Parts; and to consider, by what Means it may be prevented; and to prepare and bring in a Bill; viSir John Bramston, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Adam Browne, Lord Mr. Chalmondley, Sir John Lowther, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir

Char. Harbord, Mr. Cheney, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir Henry Herbert, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Crouch, Sir

John Coriton, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Sir Will.

Doyley, Sir Jokn Talbot, Sir Fran.'ClarkMr. Colonel Phillipps, Sir Anthony Irby, Colonel Mr.

Westphaling, Colonel Birch, Sir John KMr. Wood, Mr Jay, Sir Thomas Dolman, Sir Joh Sir Steph.

Fox, Mr. Forvell, Sir John Bartieby, Sir Mr.

Laghorne, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Collins,

Sir John Norton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Ford,

Mr. Ford, Mr. Knowles, Mr. WSir Solomon Swale: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to consider of the Reasons of the Fall of the Price of Barley, and other Corn, in the Parts near London, or other Places; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House, after their Report made, concerning Wool; And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Cirencester Elections, the State of the Case, and the Evidences in Election, the Election for the Borough of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, being in Contest between Mr. Powle and Sir Robert Atkins the younger; and also the State of the Matter, in relation to the Disturbance at the Election:

And that the Committee, upon Examination of the whole Matter, were of Opinion,

jst, That the Majority of the Voices of such as had Right of Electing, was lor Mr. Powle.

Supply Bill; The additional Bill of Excise on Beer and Ale, for his UeerandAli. Majesty’s Supply, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate thereof be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis,21° die 1670.

Prayers.

Fisheriei, RDERED, That the Grand Committee of Trade

1 ’ do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, to proceed in the Matter depending before them, concerning the Fishing Trade. ..... 1

You.IX.

(I

idly. That tiicre was no such Disturbance or Miscarriage as could make void the Election.

2,ly, That Mr. Powle was duly elected.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee.

1st, That the Majority of the Voices of such as had Right of Electing, was for Mr. Powle.

idly, That there was no such Disturbance or Miscarriage as could make void the Election.

ly, That Mr. Powle was duly elected.

Resolved, &c. That these Members following, De- Defaulter* to faulters in Attendance upon the Call of the House, be Call of the sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, according House-to the former Order;

Sir Thomas Smith, John Arundcll Esquire, Sir Geo.

Fletcher, Sir Nicholas Staining, Sir Lord

Morpeth, Robert Leighton Esquire, Richard Norton Esquire, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Roger Talbot Esquire)

John Harris Esquire, Thom. Coventry Esquire, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Sir Gilbert Ireland, Sir Francis Anderson,

Sir Thom. Spenser, Sir Humph. Hooke, Arthur Bold Esquire, Sir Metcalfe Robinson, Robert Thomas Esquire:

Ordered, That the Committee, formerly appointed to pirates, draw up Reasons, upon the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Bill to prevent Delivery up of English Ships to Pirates, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon; and prepare their Reasons; and report them to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Trevor Williams do go up to the Address on Lords, to desire their Concurrence to the Address agreed Growth of by this House to be presented to his Majesty, for pre- I’°Pery-venting the Growth of Popery: Which is as followeth -viz.

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty;

WE Your Majesty’s most humble and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, being sensible of Your'

3 Majesty’s

2Q0 $i° Februarit. 1670.

Address on Majesty’s Constancy to the Protestant Religion both at Gfowth of home and abroad, hold ourselves bound, in Consciehce Popery. and Duty, to represent to Your most Sacred Majesty, the Causes of the dangerous Growth of Popery in these Your Majesty’s Dominions, the ill Consequences whereof we heartily desire may bel prevented: And therefore, what we humbly conceive to be some present Remedies for the said growing Mischiefs, we have hereunto added, tn our most humble Petitions,

Causes of the Growth of Popery.

'ist, THAT there are great Numbers of Priests and Jesuits frequenting the Cities of London and Westminster, and most of the Counties of this Kingdom, more than formerly, seducing Your Majesty’s good Subjects.

2 ly, That there are several Chapels and Places used for saying of Mass, in the great Towns, and many other Parts of this Kingdom; besides those in Ambassadors" Houses; whither great Numbers of Your Majesty’s Subjects constantly resort and repair without Controul, and especially in the Cities of London and Westminster, contrary to the established Laws.

3. That there are Fraternities or Convents of English Popish Priests and Jesuits, at St. James, and at the Combe in Herefordshire: and others, in other Parts of the Kingdom: Besides, several Schools are kept in divers Parts of this Kingdom, for the corrupt educating of Youth in the Principles of Popery.

4ly, The common and publick selling of Popish Catechisms and other seditious Popish Books, even in the Time of Parliament.

5/y, The general Remissness of the Magistrates, and other Officers, or Clerks of the Assize, and Clerks of the Peace, in not convicting of Papists, according to Law.

6 ly, That suspected Recusants are free from all Offices

chargeable and troublesome; and do enjoy the Advantages of Offices and Places beneficial, executed either by themselves, or Persons intrusted by them.

7. That the Advowsance of Churches, and Presentations to Livings, are disposed of by Popish Recusants, or by others intrusted by them, as they direct; whereby most of those Livings and Benefices are filled with scandalous and unfit Ministers.

8. That many Persons take the Liberty to send their Children beyond the Seas, to be educated in tire Popish Religion; and that several young Persons are sent beyond the Seas, upon the Notion of their better Education, under Tutors or Guardians, who are not put to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; and usually corrupt the Youths under their Tuition into Popery.

9. That there hath been few Exchequer Process issued forth since the Act of Oblivion, against the Popish Recusants convict, though many have been certified thither.

10. The great Insolencies of the Papists in Ireland, where doth publickly appear Archbishops and Bishops, reputed to be made such by the Pope, in Opposition to those made under his Majesty’s Authority, according to the Religion established in England and Ireland: And the open Exercise of Mass in Dublin, and other Parts of that Kingdom, is a further great Cause of the present Growth of Popery.

That Peter Talbot, the reputed Archbishop of Dublin, was publickly consecrated so at Antzcerpe, with great and publick Solemnity; from whence he came to London, where he exercised his Function, and was, all along his Journey to Chester, treated with the Character of "His Grace, ’ by the Popish Recusants, whom he visited; and, at his Landing in Dublin, he was received with very great Solemnity, by those of the Popish Religion there; where also he exercised his Function publickly, great Multitudes then flocking to him; and still continues to do the same: His present Residence is within Three Miles of Dublin, at his Brother’s Colonel Richard Talbot, who is now here, soliciting Your Majesty, as publick Agent, on the behalf of the Irish Papists of that Kingdom,

The Remedies against these growing Mischiefs, We the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do, in all Humility, represent to Your Sacred Majesty, in these our Petitions following;

1. THAT Your Majesty, by Your Proclamation, would be most graciously pleased to command, That all Popish Priests and Jesuits do depart this Realm, and all other Your Majesty’s Dominions, on or before a Short Day to be prefixed, at their Perils; excepting only such foreign Priests as attend her Majesty’s Person by the Contract of Marriage, and Ambassadors, according to the Law of Nations; and that all Judges and Justices of the Peace, and all other Ministers and Officers of Justice, do cause the Laws, ttow in Force against Popish Recusants, to be putin due Execution; and in the first Place, for the speedy Conviction of such Popish Recusants, that all Judges and Justices aforesaid do strictly give the said Laws in Charge unto the Juries, at all Assizes and Sessions, under the Penalty of incurring Your Majesty’s highest Displeasure.

2 ly, That Your Majesty would be graciously pleased

to restrain and hinder the great Concourse of Your native Subjects, from hearing of Mass, and other Exercises of the Romish Religion, in the Houses of foreign Ambassadors or Agents, and in all other Chapels and Places of this Kingdom.

3/j/, That Your Majesty would be most graciously pleased, out of Your most princely Wisdom, and pious Consideration, to take care, and cause, that no Office or Employment of publick Authority, Trust, or Command, in civil or military Affairs, be committed to, or continued in, the Hands of any Person, being a Popish Recusant, or justly suspected to be so.

4. That Your Majesty would be graciously pleased to take Notice of all Fraternities and Convents of English and other Popish Priests, Jesuits, or Friars, and Schools for the educating of Youth in the Principles of Popery, erected within your Majesty’s Dominions; and to cause the same to be abolished, and the said Priests, Jesuits, Friars and Schoolmasters to be duly punished for such their Insolencies.

5 ly, That Your Majesty would be graciously pleased,

from time to time, to require, and cause, that all the Officers of, or relating to, the Exchequer issue forth Process effectually upon Popish Recusants convict certified thither; and that such Officer, as shall refuse or nedect' to do his Duty, as aforesaid, be severely punished for such his Failure.

That Your Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Order, for apprehending, and bringing over into England, one Plunckett, who goes under the Name of

Primate of Ireland, and one Peter Talbot, w ho takes on him the Name of Archbishop of Dublin, to answer such Matters as shall be objected against them.

To these our most humble Petitions, proceeding from our Duty and Zeal for the Glory of God, and Good of Your Sacred Majesty, and from the Care incumbent on us, for the Safety and Peace of these Your Majesty’s Kingdoms, we do, in all Humility, beseech Your Majesty to vouchsafe a gracious Answer: And we Your Majesty’s most loyal and obedient Subjects the and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, shall ever pray for Your Majesty’s long and happy Reign over us; and, as in Conscience we are obliged, shall constantly adhere to, and assist Your Majesty, in the Maintenance and Defence of Your Majesty’s Supremacy, and the true Protestant Religion now established in Your Majesty’s Dominions, in Opposition to all foreign Powers ana Popish Pretensions whatsoever.

The House then proceeded to the Debate of the Matter jjndsey touching Lindsey Level: In which Cause, Counsel and Level. Witnesses attending at the Door;

And the Counsel being called in;

And Mr. Aylijfe appearing a Counsel for Sir William Killigrew, Sir Henry Herne, and Sir John Dan es, the Parties concerned, as Adventurers;

And the Counsel being withdrawn;

Information being given to the House, that Mr. Ayliffe had been heretofore retained in the said Cause, and received

42 Car. II. 2i° — 226 — -230 Februarii, 207

ceived several Fees, as Counsel for the Country; and, being instructed in the Merits of the Cause, had now suffered himself to be retained on the other Side;

Whereupon Mr. Ayliffe, being again called in to the

Bar of the House; and being the re heard, what he had to offer in Excuse for himself;

And being withdrawn; and the Matter debated;

The Question being propounded, That Mr. be excluded from appearing as Counsel at the Bar of this House, in this Cause;

It being proposed, that these Words, "or any other Cause," be added to the Question;

The Question being put, That the Words, "or any other Cause," be made Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Sir Thom. Lee,

Mr. Seymor,

Lord Richardson,

Sir Allen Apsely,

J for the Yeas, 69.

| for the Noes, 121.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Mr. Ayliffe be admitted to plead in this Cause;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then, upon further Hearing of the Matter, the House being not satisfied, that there was sufficient Notice or Summons given to the Country, for the hearing of the said Cause on this Day;

Resolved, That the said Cause, concerning Lindsey Level, be heard, at the Bar of this House, on Tuesday the One-and-twentieth Day of March next ensuing.

Ordered, That Summons be delivered, in Writing, to the Ministers of the several Churches of the Parishes, Towns, and Villages here-under named, or, in their Absence, left at their Houses, to be by them published in their several Churches, after Divine Service, Ten Days or more, before the One-and-twentieth Day of March next ensuing; and also to fix it at the several Church Doors; and That to be a sufficient Summons. And it is likewise ordered, that this Summons be also left with the High Constables of the several Hundreds or Wapentakes of Aveland, Ashwardherne, Corton, and Elbe; to give Notice, that this House will proceed in the Hearing of the Cause, at the Bar of this House, on the said One-and-twentieth Day of March, upon the Bill depending, for settling the Draining of the Fens called Lindsey Level in the County of Lincolne;whereof the Lords, Owners,

and Commoners within the said Level are to take notice: And this Summons to be counted sufficient.

The Names of the Parishes, Towns, and Villages to be summoned, are as followeth; viz. Bourn, Morton, Hackenby, Dunsby, Rippingdale, Doxvsly,

Pointon, Sempringham, Billingbor Brig-

gen, Swaton, Helpringham, Little Hale, Great Hale,

Heckington, Howell, Ewerby,

Bickar, Quadring, Gosberton, Pinchbeck, Spalding, and Cowbett.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition of Sir John be committed to Sir Charles Harbord, Colonel Kirby, Sir Robert Steward, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Crouch, Mr.

Seymour, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Robert Atlcins, Sir

Moreton, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir John KniSir

Irby, Colonel Birch, Sir Will. Doyley, Mr. How, Sir

Thom. Dolman, Sir John Eamely, Colonel Titus, Lord

Obryan, Mr. Grenvile; or any Five of them: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers,

and Records.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill against Con- Conventicles, venticles be heard Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Knight’s An Act for settling the Manor of and other Estate.

Lands, late of John Knight Gentleman, in the County, and Town and County, of Southampton, in John Parker Serjeant at Law, Mr. Wm. Morgan and Wm. hasset of London Gentleman, to be sold for Payment of Debts, read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

The House resumed the Debate upon the additional Supply Bill; Bill of Excise, for his Majesty’s Supply. Beer and Al«.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Debate of the House: And that the House resolve into a Committee thereupon, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, &c. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, that the Clauses, which relate to private Persons, living, and brewing, within

Miles of Corporations, and all Clauses relating the reunto, be omitted in the Bill.

Resolved, &c.That the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Clauses, for limiting the Price of Drink, be omitted in the Bill.

Resolved, See. That the Committee consider of the One-and-thirtieth Clause, concerning the Lending of Brewing Vessels: And upon the Debate of the House,

The Question being propounded, That the Penalty in the said Clause, concerning the Lending of Brewing Vessels, be altered;

And the Question being put, That the Question be put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir IJimi. Marcs, } For the Yea3’

} ^r he Noe, 63.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, 8cc.That the Penalty in the aforesaid Clause,

concerning the Lending of Brewing Vessels, be altered.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 22° Februarii, 1670. Prayers.

Comraittff0(f)RDERED, That the Committee of Grievances Grievances v/ do sit this Afternoon; and that the Committee of and Trade. Trade, which was appointed to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned; and do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived, and do sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Privilege, The House then resumed the Consideration of the Petition exhibited by Sir John Prettyman, a Member of this House.

And Sir Edward Hungerford, another Member of this House, being the Person most concerned, and being present; and both the Members being heard, in their Places: Von. IX.

Jovis, 23* die Februarii, 1670.

Prayers.

NFORMATION being given of a Breach of Privilege. Privilege, committed by one John Knight, now Mayor of Bristoll, against Sir John Knight, a Member of this House, by assaulting, and throwing him down in the Street, when he was in the Execution of his Office, as Justice of the Peace, and by the said s arresting

one Richard Hyot, who did assist the said Sir John Knight with a Simul cum in the Declaration, against Sir John Knight.

Ordered, That the said John Knight be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, to answer his Broach of Privilege.

The

v

?o8 2 3° — 250

Knight’# The ;in grossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled,

Estate. An Act for settling the Manor of Portswood, and other Lands, late of John Knight Gentleman, in the County, and Town and County of Southampton, in John Parker Serjeant at Law, Mr. William , and William

R leverhassettof London Gentleman, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Sacheverell Sir

John Knight, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Mallet, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Solomon Simla, Sir Thom. Dolman, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Colonel Sandis, Sir

John Talbot, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Price, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Rouble, Mr. Grenvile, Mr. Roberts, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Crouch, Sir Joh Sir John Coriton,

Mr. How, Mr. Whine, Colonel Reames, Dr. Sir

John Lrnther, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Lozec, Mr. Evelyn, Sir John Brampslon, Mr. For, Lord Richardson, Sir John Nexcton, Sir John Sir Robert Steuwd, Mr. Jolliff'e, Mr. H ood, and all that serve for Hampshire: And they are to meet on Saturday, at Two of tire Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Conventicles. Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee, to which the Bill against Conventicles, was committed, That the Committee had perused the Bill; and found no Cause to make any Amendment therein.

But a Clause being tendered to be added to the Bill; and a Debate thereupon, and upon other Matters, arising;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed, upon the Debates of the House; and that the Committee be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, notwithstanding the Sitting of the Grand Committee of Trade; and do make their Report therein on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Privilege. Upon Complaint made, of a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Trevor Williams, a Member of this House, by one Herbert Jones, John, William, Edward, and Charles JViin causing and procuring one William Morgan, menial Servant of Sir Trevor H'ilUams, to be arrested at a Pair at in the County of Monmouth, where he was employed by his Master to sell certain fat and store Cattle, and forcing him to put in special Bail, of Four hundred Pounds, for his Appearance; although the said Morgan

never owed the said Herbert Jones, John, William, Edward, and Charles Williams One Peny;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege, committed against the said Sir Trevor Williams, by the said Herbert Jones, John, Eduard, and Charles

Williams', and to report jt, with their Opinion, to the House: And the said Persons are, at their own Charge, to attend the Committee, to answer such Matters as shall be objected against them: And that the Action, brought against the said Morgan, be discharged.

Registry of Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter touching a Deeds, &c. publick Registry, be resumed on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; nothing else to intervene.

Grocers Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Grocers Corn-

Company’s pany, be read the Second time on this Day Sevennight, Creditors. at Ten of the Clock.

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Grievance? do sit Grievances, on Saturday next, in the Afternoon.

Februarii. A. 1670.

And, upon Debate of the Matter,

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to look into, and examine, the Account returned in, by virtue of the Commission issued from his Majesty to take the Account of the Monies raised for Repair of Dover Fier, to see how much has been raised, and how employed; and what will be further wanting for the finishing that Work; and how it may best be raised; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Sir John Sir Thom.

Metres, Colonel Reames, Sir Thom. Mr. Jones,

Sir Thomas Peyton, Sir JVill. Coventry, Sir John,

Sir Job Charleton, Sir John Northcot, Sir Ehab Harvey,

Sir John Loxcther, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Cha. Harbord, M r.

Sprye, Sir Thom. Bludxvorth, Mr. Sir

Trelaxmy, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Mr. Seymour, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Morris, Sir Buckna/l, and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and for the County of Kent; and all the Merchants of the House; and such Members as serve for the Port Towns: And they are to meet on Saturday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Manor of Paris Paris Garden Garden a Parish; and to enable the Parishioners of p^*i,a Saviours Souihwarke to raise a Maintenance for a Mi- a nister; and for Repair of their Church; was read.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the Lord Bishop of Winchester, was read Three times; and, upon the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved,- &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parish; and to enable the Parishioners of Saviour’s ' Southxvarke to raise a Maintenance for a Minister; an4 for Repair of their Church.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed for preventing Preventing the Grow th of Popery, be revived. p>ery °l

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply Till; House, upon the additional Bill of Excise on Beer, and Beer and Ale, Ale, and other Liquors, towards his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker lett the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed tire Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made some Progress in the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House again, on Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Plouse do resolve into a Committee of the whole House again, on Saturday Morning next,

Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill of Excise on Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committees, Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbali, IS die Februarii, l6‘70. Prayers.

iii

it!'1

0

vcn

pri>i

Mr' llr iiO

!i>" cer.p:

ri,

I,

0:

!C-:

tLeS

> v;

0*1 i the S

t>i'n i

Pc.;

r. ! 0

1 kd

jn A

A be

- Ih

and

J

m

tin

- 0

55 tO"

k

0

‘ k:

01C

r. I GJ

s

tt;

tv

H,

Cl,

oil

Oft

ii:

tOR.

Dover Pier. Mr. Secretary Trevor acquaints the House, that his Majesty, upon the Address of the House, had issued a Commission for taking the Account of the Monies raised for the Repair of Dover Pier; and that the Commission had been executed; and the Account returned in to his Majesty: W hereby it did appear, there had not been sufficient yet raised for the Repair of the Pier, as by the Act of Parliament was intended; and that it was necessary the Act Should, be continued for a longer Time:

14

ORDERED, That the Committee for Essay of Adulteration Wines be revived; and do sit on Monday next. of Wines.

Ordered, That the Committee for the Bill against Conventicles. Conventicles, and all other Committees which were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

' Upon Information given to the House, of a Breach of Privilege, Privilege committed against Mr. Musgrave,. a Member of

this

Privilege.

Privilege — assault of a Member.

iJaughton’s

Estate.

Manufacture for benefiting Shipping.

Leave of Absence.

Haslington

Parish.

Supply Bill; Beer and Ale.

Leave of Absence.

22 Car. II. . 25° — 270 — ^28

209

this House, by causing an Outlawry to be prosecuted

against Henry Lister, who is employed by Mr.

in the managing of his Estate, and receiving his Rents;

Ordered, That all further Proceedings and Prosecution upon the said Outlawry be staid, during this Session, aild Privilege of Parliament.

Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Privileges, the State of the Case in point of Privilege between Mr. Charles Cornwallis, a Member of this House, and Mr. Digby, in relation to the Suit depending in the Court of Chancery; and the Opinion of the Committee thereupon, That the Interest of Mr. Cornwallis is so far concerned in that Suit, That he ought to have his Privilege; and all Proceedings in the Suit be staid.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Mr. Cornwallis ought to have his Privilege; and that all Proceedings in the Court of Chancery between him and Mr. Digby and others, be staid during the Session, and Privilege of Parliament.

he shall recover his Health, and be in Condition to give his Attendance.

Sir Charles Harhord reports froiri the Committee to HaughWn’g which the Hill on the Behalf of Mr. Houghton was com- Estate, mitted, some Amendments agreed to be made, and a Proviso tt> be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed;

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments arid Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby have the Leave of this House Leave of to go into the Country, having urgent Occasions to attend. Absence.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Petition Privilege, of Sir John Prettyman was committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon;

Whereas Complaint hath been made to this House of a Breach of Privilege, Committed by John Knight, now Mayor of Bristol, against Sir John Knight, a Alember of this House, by assaulting and throwing him down in the Street, when he was in the Execution of his Office as ajustice of the Peace; and by arresting one Richard Hyet, who did assist the said Sir John Knight; it is this Day further Ordered, That all Proceedings at Law, in the Action brought by the said John Knight, against the said Hyet, be staid during this Session, and Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Motion of Sir Charles Harhord be heard on Monday Morning.

Amendments, and a Proviso, sent from the Lords, to the Bill on the Behalf of Sir Phil. Howard, and;

Watson, were twice read; upon the Question, agreed; and read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed, be inserted in the Bill; and the Bill returned to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellyot have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, to follow his Law Suits at the Assizes.

Ordered, That the Bill, from the Lords, for the erecting of the Manor or Lordship of Haslingin the County of Chester, into a Parish, be read on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees which were discon- Committee*, tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, on the Be- Bangor and half of the Lords Bishops of Bangor and St. Asaph, was Leadline* read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Henry Herbert, Mr. Morris, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Moreton, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Char. Air. Jay,

Air. Crouch, Mr. Dowdswell, Mr. Seymour, Sir Robert At- kins, Mr. Panic, Sir Joseph Ash, Sir Solomon Swale, Col.

Reames, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Lowther, Sir. Robert Holt, Sir John Coriton, Sir John Birkenhead, Col. Windham, Doctor Burwell, Mr.

Air. Cornwallis, and all that serve for the several Counties of Wales: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Robert Holt reports from the Committee to which Knight’* the Bill, sent from the Lords, on the Behalf of John Knight, was committed, that the Committee had perused the Bill; and saw no Cause to make any Alteration thereunto.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed; and the Bill returned to the Lords by Sir Robert Holt.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the additional Bill of Excise on Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, towards his Majesty’s Supply.

Mi*. Speaker left the Chair,

Air. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker Resumed the Chair.

Air. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had made some further Progress in the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House again on Monday Aloming next, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill of Excise on Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House again on Monday Aloming next, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the additional Bill of Excise on Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, towards his Majesty’s Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

A Bill for the Better Observation of the Lord’s Day, Preventing was read the First time. Profanation

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time. of Sunday*

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the additional Bill of Excise on Beer Beer and Ale. and Ale, and other Liquors, towards his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill; and were ready to make Report of the Amendments agreed to be made thereunto.

Resolved, See. That the Report of the said Amendments be made Tomorrow Aloming, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committees. Afternoon be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 27* die Februarii, 1670. 28° die Februarii, 1670.

Prayers.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Sir Jam. Rushout have the /I Leave of this House tq be absent frqna the House, till

RDE RED, That Mr. Tregonwell have Leave to Leave of go into the Country, to follow his Occasions. Absence,

3& . 'Mr.

Defaulter to Call of tba House.

Thomas'

Petition.

Preventing Growth of Popery.

Supply Bill; Beer and Ale

3io 38° Fe — 9 Martiu

A 1670.

Mr. Robert Thomas, a Member, Defaulter in Attendance, rendering himself to the Serjeant at Arms; and being at the Door of the House;

And being called in, and standing at the Bar of the House; and Mr. Speaker there informing him of the Orders of the House, and the Displeasure the House had conceived against him, for Neglect of his Duty and Attendance; and being demanded what he had to offer in Excuse of himself: And having made his Excuse, of being disabled, by reason of a Quartan Ague, which held him till about Christmas’, And since, by a Hurt received

in his Hand, and the Danger of a Gangrene, and the Loss of his Hand thereupon likely to ensue;

And the Matter being debated, and his Excuse allowed;

And being again called in, Mr. Speaker did inform him, That the House had considered of his Excuse, which they did, upon his Word, believe, without any other Evidence, and judged it sufficient; and that therefore it was the Plea-sure of the House to Excuse his Default, paying his Fees.

The Petition of Sir Edward Thomas Baronet, Father of Mr. Robert Thomas, a Member of this House, complaining of Miscarriages, Frauds and Abuses, committed by his said Son, was read:

And he being heard in his Place;

Resolved, See. That the Petition be committed to Sir Trevor JVillidms, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Littleton,

Sir Anthony Irby, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. TVyn', Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Crouch, Sir Birkenhead, SivWinston Churchill, Mr. B Sir Sir Tho)n. Meeres, Mr. Cornewallis Sir John -

lbnel Reames, Sir Henry Herbert, Master of the Rolls,

Mr Dcncdswell, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Jo. Earnley, or any

Five of them', to examine the Matter of the Petition: And they are to meet on Friday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the inner Court of Wards; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

( j . 1 f i *.

Ordered, That the Bill, tendered, to prevent the Growth of Popery, be read Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Seymour reports from the Committee of the whole House, tO wffiom the additional Bill of Excise upon Beer and Ale, and other Liquors, towards his Majesty’s Supply, was committed, several Amendments, Additions, and Alterations agreed to by the said Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’sTable: Which being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto, with some Amendments, agreed and made at the Table.

The Question being propounded, That there be an enacting Clause brought in to this Bill, for applying the Moneys thereupon to be raised, towards the Payment of his Majesty’s Debts, at Interest;

' And’the Question being put, That that Question be now put1; 1 ‘

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Mr. Whorwood,

Sir RioMrt Holt,

Lord Hawley,

Sir Fretsvile Hollis,

So it passed in tire Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the aforesaid Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgrbssed: 1

| For the Yeas, 62. I For the Noes, 71.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Will. Child and Sir Thom. EsteckuH;

Mr. Speaker, The House of Lords have returned you a Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Subsidy to his Majesty, for Supply of his extraordinary Occasions; with come Amendments, and a Proviso; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The said Amendments and Proviso were read. Ordered, That the Debate of the said Amendments and Proviso be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

21

Ordered, That Sir Joseph T have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Sir William Hickman have Leave to go into the Country, for his Health’s Sake.

Ordered, That Sir John Mounson have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Trevor Williams have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lee have Leave to go into the Country, for Four Days.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Trade have Leave to sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1° die 1670.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Anthony Eyre have the Leave of the House to go into the Country.

A Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery was read.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, was read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Sir Anthony

Irby, Mr. Otway, Sir Hugh Sir John Knight,

Sir Edw. Deering, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Moris, Sir

B ramps ton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edward Massey, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Will. Lowther, Sir Solomon Swale, Lord Richardson, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Trevor Williams, Colonel Reames, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Dowdswell, Doctor Bur-well, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Wyn, Sir John Northcot, Doctor Arris, Sir Hen. Herbert, Sir John Coventry, Sir John Downey, Mr. Whorwood, Sir FoulkeLucy, Mr. Seymour, Sir Edw. Poole, Mr. Jones, Mr. Buscowen, Sir Humph. Winch, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Sir

Franklyn, Mr. Ford, Mr. Stanhop, Sir Edm. Pooley, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Whittaker: And all thatcome are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then proceeded to the Second Reading of the Amendments and Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to the Bill of Subsidies.

And the several Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The First of the Provisoes was read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Second of the Provisoes, for a Commissioner to be present at the making Distresses in Lords Houses, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree to the Proviso;

The House divided:

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Sir Jonaih.Trelaxcny,

Sir Gilbei't Talbot,

Sir John Hotham,

Sir Robert Holt,

So it passed in the Negatvie,

For the Yeas, 71.

j-For the Noes, 91.

The

Leave of Absence.

Committee of Trade.

Committees.

Leave of Absence

Preventing Growth of Popery.

Preventing Profanation of Sunday.

Supply Bill; Subsidies.

22 Car. II. i° — a®

The last Proviso was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree that the Words " other than Subsidies" be added to the Paragraph, after the Word " Assessment

It passed in the Negative.

the Question being put, To agree to the last Paragraph, sent from the Lords;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be- referred to Sir Thomas Metres, Col. Birch, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Seymour, Sir Char. Sir Rich.

Temple, to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Second Proviso, sent from the Lords, to the Bill of Subsidies. And Mr. Seymour is to desire a Conference with the Lords.

The ingrossed Bill for an additional Excise upon Beer, BeerandAle. and other Liquors, was read: And, with some Amendments, agreed, and made at the Table;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and to sit

in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the Mouse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 2° die Martii, 1670.

Praters.

Houghton’*: A N ingrossed Bill to enable the Executors of Robert J~\. Houghton Esquire to sell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, according to a Decree ..

And a Debate arising, for adding some other Trustees, to join in the Sale of the Estate;

Ordered, That the Debate of the Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of the Committee to which the Petition of the Inhabitants of St. Gyles, and other Parishes, was committed be heard Tomorrow, Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Grocers Com-Company. pany( be read Tomorrow Morning.

Hemp and Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning Hemp p l" and Max, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Preventing The Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, was read Growth of t]ie Second time.

opt^' Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Trevor

Williams, Sir John Heath, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Crouch, Sir Windham,

Sir John Talbot, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Solomort Su’ale, Mr. Cheney, Sir Robert Dillinglon, Doctor Col

Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Coleman, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr.

Croke, Sir Rick. Francldyn, Sir Sir Charles

Harbor A, Sir GilbertGeirard Lord Sir Thom.

Dolman, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Beecher, Col. Windham, Col. Birch, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Robert Holt,

Mr. Bartie, Mr. Stanhop, Sir John Sir Robert

Carr, Col. Reames, Sir John Knight, Sir Edm. Pye, Mr. Mas grave, Mr. Finch, Col. Windham,

Sir Will.Coventry, Sir John Norihcott, Sir Thom. Wendy,

Mr. Ford, Sir Job Charleton, Sir John Coriton, Sir Coventry, Mr. Dowdsxcell, Lord Richardson, Mr. Hobby,

Mr. Bust'men, Sir Edw. MSir Thom. Meeres, Sir

Hugh Bethel, Mr. Mervdl, Sir Mr.

mondly, Lord Obriait, Sir Will. Lowther, Sir Mallet: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to consider the Debates of the House; and such Proposals as shall he offered; And to send for Persons, Papers, and Biecords.

Vo i. IX.

3 0 Martii.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Conventicles, the Committee to which the additional Bill of Conventicles is committed; viz.Sir John Eamely, Mr. Hobby,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Will. Lowther, Sir

Edm. Windham, Sir Gilbert Gerrard.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Crouch, Mr. Hearth

Mr. Buscowen, Sir Robert Can', Mr. Waller, Sir Money,

Irby, Sir John Vaughan, Mr. Fasg, Col. Birch, Mr. Hop-

kins, Sir Robei't Howard, Sir Rentert Holt, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Thom: Meeres, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Cheney, Mr.

Mr. Henly, Sir Rich. Fraiwklin, Mr. Marvell, Sir Hugh Bet hell, Mr. Whonvood, Sir John Shaw, Sir CapelLuckin, or any Five of them, to inspect the former Bill, passed this House, for regulating and ascertaining the Collection of Hearth Money; and the former Acts relating to the Duty; and to bring in such new additional Bill as they shall think fit: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Tw'oof the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Bill of additional Impositions on foreign Commo- Supply Bill; dities was read the Second time. foreign c0m-

Resolved, That the Opening thereof, by the Speaker, be m0 ues" adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Complaint being made, that Thomas Tornlyn, the Privilege, menial Servant of Sir Philip Mounca Member of this House, was arrested, at the Suit of Richard Bankes,

John Bankes, Rich. Hawkesworth, Reignald Thompson,

William Haigh, and Ralph Woollen, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Matter be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the same, and report it; with their Opinions, to the House.

Ordered, That Lord St. John, Sir James Smith, Sir Preventing Thom. Meeres, Sir John Hanmer, Sir Hugh Bethel, Sir Export of Edw. Harley, Sir Edm. Pye, Dr. Bur Sir Geo. Down- Wool‘ ing, Mr. Jay, Sir Joseph Ash, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Rich.

Maleverer, Mr. Musgrave, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr.

Finch, Sir Will. Lea ther, Dr. Arras, Lord

be added to the Committee appointed to consider of the

former Laws to prevent the Exporting of Wool.

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued Committees, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 3° die Martii, 1670.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Bill concerning the Grocers Grocer* company be read Tomorrow Morning. Company.

Ordered, That Sir George Reeve have the Leave of this Leave of House to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Absence. Health.

Mr. Birch reports from the Committee to which the Hemp and Bill to encourage the planting of Hemp and Flax was Fla* plant-committed, that the Committee had made no further Al- ln* teration to the Bill, save only, had agreed, that the Bill Should be made temporary, for Eleven Years: And a . Clause, to that Purpose, was agreed at the Table.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the former Amendments, and Clause agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir John Birkenhead reports from the Committee to Employment which the several Petitions of Saint Giles' in the Fields, of the Poor. Saint Martins in the Fields, Saint Paul's Covent Garden, Whitechapel, and the rest iff the Parishes within the Bill

of

foot Laws,

Privilege.

Ditto.

Supply Bill; foreign Commodities.

Supply Bill; Subsidies.

Growth of fopery.

Conference on Bill of Subsidy.

All 3° Mar tit. j4. 1670.

of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex, were committed,

1. That this Committee is of Opinion, That a Bill be brought in for Repeal of the Clauses of the Act, constituting the Corporation for setting the Poor on Work, in the Parishes within the Bill of Mortality, within the County of Middlesex:

2. That there be a Proviso, for excepting garcl's, Westminster, out of the said Bill:

3. That the Committee is not satisfied with the Account given in from the Governors of the said Corporation:

4. That this Committee conceives it best, that the said Governors be accountable to the Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer.

Which Report being debated;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the former Committee, to consider of the Debates of the House, and of the Clauses in the former Act, for the raising of Monies upon the Parishes within the Bills of Mortality; and, upon the whole Matter, to prepare and bring in a Bill for regulating the Workhouses, and taking an Account of the Monies raised by virtue of the former Act, as they shall find necessary: And, for that Purpose, the Committee is revived; and to sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee formerly appointed to inspect the Laws concerning the Poor, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon: And all that shall come are to have Voices.

Information being given of a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir BainhamThrogmorton, by arresting Thomas Stevens, his menial Servant, and detaining him Prisoner in the Poultry Compter, at the Suit of one William Yard;

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Speaker, to examine the Matter, to give Order for Discharge of the said Thomas Stevens, if he find Cause.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Petition of Sir John Pretty-man is committed; viz. Sir Edm. Col. Edw. Phil-

lips, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Merrill, Sir Bain.

The Bill of additional Impositions upon foreign Commodities, being opened by Air. Speaker, and debated;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Debate: and that the House resolve into a Committee thereupon Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Tho. Estcourt;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded to acquaint you, that the Lords have agreed with this House for leaving out of that Proviso, in their Amendment to the Bill of Subsidies, concerning Distresses to be made in their Lordships Houses: And likewise, that their Lordships desired a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Address to be made to his Majesty, for preventing the Grow th of Popery.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that the House agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr. Vaughan, Sir JuhnEamely, Sir Thomas Dolman, Mr. ColemaCoventry, Mr. Cheney, Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Whom cod, be appointed to manage the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Reasons, Yesterday deliverd at the Conference, upon the Lords Amendments, by way of Proviso to the Bill of Subsidy, concerning Distresses to be made in the Lords Houses, be entered in the Journal of this House.

Which are as followeth;

I. It is a Privilege demanded against the King, and against the Execution, for his Duty; which ought not to be clogged with any unnecessary Circumstances, it being itself a Non omitias propter aliquam

II ly, The Privilege demanded is not due to their Lordships, in point of Right; nor can it be insisted upon, as a Point of Honour.

1st, Because there is as much Reverence paid to their

Lordships Privileges in this Bill, as ever was seen in

any Bill of Supply.

1st, There is a Proviso, that the Taxes to be collected for the Personal Estates and Offices of the Peers, shall be collected by a Collector of their own.

2ly, The Amendment is agreed to, " that nothing herein contained shall be drawn into Example, to the Prejudice of the ancient Rights belonging to Peers; so no Danger of any ancient Right.

3ly, Their Lordships are certainly the best Judges of their ow n Honour: But, in the Bill of the Royal Aid, there is the very same Clause, in Syllables, as in this Bill; yet their Lordships did not then think fit to add such a Qualification to that Clause then.

4ly, ’Tis true, the Commissioners were named in that Act: But that can make no Difference in ther Case, unless their Lordships be afraid where the Nomination is trusted to the King.

5ly, It were a Dishonour to their Lordships to have this Clause stand in the Bill; for it doth not concern the Tax upon personal Estates or Offices, but supposes a Lord taxed for his Land, and not a Hoof left upon the Land to destrain; and that, after all this, a Lord barricados up his House, to resist a Distress: Is it fit to suppose such a Case ? Or Should it be treated with Ceremony, when it happens

61y, If a Lord be returned into the Exchequer, the meanest Bailiff of the Sheriff may break open the House of a Peer, without more Ceremony: Why Should a Commissioner be appointed to attend in This Case, unless all Exchequer Process be intended to be barred by this Clause too; and then, that is a further Exception?

7ly, No Distress can be upon a Peer, without a Warrant under the Hands of Two Commissioners, which is Caution enough.

III ly. The Lords have no Privilege above the Commons, as to Execution against their Estates; and therefore we hope this Occasion shall not be taken to create Precedents for new Privileges, in Payment of Money.

IVly, It would discourage Persons to be Commissioners, if they must be Officers to attend the Distress; and no Man will be willing to serve.

Vly, The Act of Printing leaveth the Lords and Commons as to the Privilege of Houses; and no Bill of Money did ever distinguish them.

VI ly, The whole Duty may be avoided; for, in Truth, there lies no Obligation upon any Commissioner to go with any Officer; and so tire Matter may be wholly neglected.

VII ly, If a Distress be wrongful, why Should a Lord have a betterMan to bring his Action against, than a Commoner ? And who will ever go to subject himself to tire Action of a Peer, if he he displeased with the Distress

Mr. Attorney General reports the Conference had with the Lords, upon the Address, sent up to the Lords, to be made to his Majesty, for preventing the Growth of Popery; and that their Lordships were not satisfied, as to Matter of Pact, in several Particulars therein;

In the Second Cause of the Growth of Popery, concerning Chapels, and Places used for saving Mass, in the great Towns, and many other Parts of this Kingdom, besides those in Ambassadors Houses, l\c.

In the Third Cause of the Growth of Popery, concerning Fraternities, or Convents of English PopishPriestsand Jesuits at Saint James's, and at the Combe in Herefordshire,

and in other Parts of the Kingdom, S'c.

In the Tenth Cause of the Growth of Popery concerning Peter Talbot’s exercising his Function of Archbishop of Dublin.

Conference on Growth of Popery,

Leave of Absence.

Bangor and

Sc. saph Lead Mines.

fioagbton’s

hute.

Supply Bill; Fiiuery,

Grorers

Compands

Creditors.

GfneralNat.

Bill.

Conference on Piratet Bill.

.23 Car. II. 30 — 4® — 6° 13

Resolved, See. That it be referred to the Committee that prepared and brought in the aforesaid Address, and the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Growth of Popery is committed, (who are both joined together) to consider of the said Address; and further to examine those Matters of Feet wherein their Lordships are not satisfied; and to report their Opinions therein to the House: And the said Committee are therefore revived, to sit tli is Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabball, 4’ die 1670.

Praters.

f\RDE RED, That Mr. have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas have the Leave

of this House to go into the Country.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, on the Behalf of the Lord Bishop of Bangor, and St. Asaph, w'as committed, one Amendment: Which, upon the Reading, being found a Mistake in the Committee;

Resolved, That the Bill, as it came from the Lords, be read a Third time on Monday Morning.

The House then resumed the Debate of the ingrossed Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Houghton.

And several other Trustees, being tendered to be added to the Bill; the House, upon the Question, having agreed Sir Nexill Catllyn and Sir 'Thomas Rant to be added Trustees; and their Names being accordingly inserted in the Bill, and thrice read and agreed;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Executors of Robert Houghton Esquire, and others, to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, according to a Decree: And that the Lord Richardson do carry it up to the Lords.

Bill for preventing the Delivery up of Slups, be heard on Monday next

The House then re-assumed the Debate of the Bill for Supply Bill; an Excise on foreign Commodities. foreign Cora*

And a Petition being tendered, on the Behalf of the Refiners of Sugar in England, and read;

Another Petition of divers Persons concerned in his Majesty’s Sugar Plantations, on the Behalf of themselves and their Brother Planters, was read:

Resolved, 8cc. That the Petitions of the Refiners and '

Planters be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to take the Matter erf the Petitions into Consideration; and to hear the Petitioners, or some on their Behalf, and on the Behalf of other Persons concerned, if they find Cause.

Resolved, 8cc. That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill for laying an additional Imposition on several foreign Commodities, That the Duties arising the reby, be collected at the Custom-house.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That

they had proceeded in the Consideration of the said Bill; and, for that the House had appointed it an Instruction to the Committee, that the Duties arising the reby, Should be paid at the Custom-house, humbly moved, from the said ' Committee, That the House would appoint a Committee to consider of those Clauses in the Bill, fit to be left out, pursuant to the said Instruction; and to prepare and bring in such a Clause, as they Should think fit, in lieu thereof

Resolved, That it be referred to Mr. Treasurer, Mr.

Spry, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Matlclt, Sir Job Sir Geo. Dozening, Sir IVill. Lore liter, Sir Edw.

Sir Thom. JI ceres, Mr. Guy, or any Three of them, to consider of the Clauses in the Bill, to be left out of the Bill for laying an additional Imposition on several foreign Commodities, pursuant to the Vote of the House, for charging the Duty arising the reby, to be paid at the Custom-house; and to bring in such Clause and Clauses as they Should think fit, for the Supply of the same.

Resolved, That the Matter for Encouragement and-Improvement of the Fishery be referred to a select Committee; viz.SirJonath. Trelazcny, Sir

ther, Colonel Birch, Sir Solomon Szeale, Mr. Seymour, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Robert Carr, Doyley, Sir

Northcott, Mr. Price, Mr. Trelazcny, Sir Sir

Courtney Poole, Mr. Gould, Sir

Frederick, Mr. Love, Mr. Jay, Mr. Crook Sir dell. Sir Edm. Poley, Mr. Jolliffc, S'nGeo.Reeve, Mr.

Mr. Smith, Sir Char.Ilarbord, Mr. Sprye,

son, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir John Pettus, Sir Knight,

Sir John Coriton, Colonel Ileemes, Sir Hugh Windham,

Sir Job Charleton, Sir Geo. Dozening, Mr. Mr."

Roberts, Mr. Ford, Sir Edzn. Massey, Sir Thom. Mceres, Sir Will. Thompson, Mr. Jones, Sir Coventry, Sir Justin. Isham, Mr. Crooke, Mr. Onslow, Sir

Sir Robert Paston, Mr. Ilerle, Sir Temple, Sir

Thomas Allen, Sir Thomasl.ee, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Will. Smith, Mr. Buller: And that all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on next, at

Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for Satisfaction of Debts owing by the Grocers Company, be read a Second time an

Jr idnesday Morning, nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Bills of Naturalization be assumed on Wednesday next v

Ordered, That the Report of the Reasons to be offered at the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Vo uIX.

Ordered, That the Calling over the House, appointed Call of the for Monday Morning next, be adjourned till Thursday House. Morning next.

A Bill for preventing the planting of Tobacco in Eng- Tobacco, . land, and regulating the Plantations, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 6* die Martii, 1670.

Praters.

COMPLAINT being made of a Breach of priviit.,tj> Privilege, committed against the Lord by

one Stephen Wayne, in diverting and stopping a Watercourse which did heretofore constantly serve the said Lord Ancrams House with Water, the Want of which, is a great Damage to him;

Ordered, That the said Stephen JVaync be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer his Breach of Privilege, in stopping and diverting the said Watercourse.

A Debate arising, whether Colonel Norton, a Defeul- Defaulter to ter in Attendance, shall be admitted to make his Excuse, Call of tha in his Place, without being brought to the Bar of this House. House, notwithstanding the former Orders of the House -

3 H The

14

6° — 7° Marlti.

A. 1676.

The Question being put, That Colonel Norton, a Member, Defaulter, be admitted to give his Answer in his Place;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Lord Ancram, j

Sir Robert Carr, J

Lord Richardson, 1

Mr. Cholmely, J

for the Yeas,

56.

for the Noes, 49.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That such Members, Defaulters in Attendance, as shall be taken into Custody, or render themselves to the Serjeant, shall be admitted to give their Answers in their Places in the House.

Resolved, See. That the Answers or Excuses of such as are Defaulters in Attendance be not admitted, till after Ten of the Clock.

Supply BH1; A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Tirrell Beeran J Ale. and Mr. Baron Turner;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill, intituled, An Act for an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; with some Amendments and a Proviso, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments were twice read; and agreed, except the Second Amendment, which, upon the Question, was disagreed unto.

The Proviso, upon the Second Reading, was, upon the Question, disagreed unto.

Ordered, That Mr. Treasurer, Sir Geo. Don ning, Colonel Birch, Sir Will. BMr. Coleman, Sir Robert Howard, Sir John DanSir Char. Sir

Thom. AIceres, Sir Edze Sir Carr, be

appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, for their not agreeing with their Lordships: And Sir Robert Carr is to desire a Conference with the Lords.

Sir Robert Hcnvard reports Reasons to be offered at the Conference to be had with the Lords: Which he opened, and read to the House: And the same were agreed.

Sir Robert Carr reports, That the Lords agree to a present Conference.

Resolved, Sec. That the Report of the Lords Reasons, and of the Bill touching Popery, be1 heard on * Morning next, before Nine of the Clock.

The Question being put, That the Bill for settling the Assizes for the County of Cornwall, be now read;

The House divided.

The Y eas go out.

Tellers,

Sir Jonath. Trdazniy,

Mr. Spry,

Sir John Coriton,

Mr. Morris,

being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed; and inserted in the Bill; and the Bill returned to the Lords, by Sir Robert Howard.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Deering, and all the Mem- increase of bers that serve for the Counties of Berks and Bucks, be Timber, added to the Committee, to which the Bill for Preservation of Timber, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Jon.'Trelawny, Sir Deering, Thomas'

Sir John Coventry, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Trenchard, Lord Petition.

Ancram, Mr. Love, Sir Thomas Dolman, Mr. Ottzoay,

Sir Fretzvile Hbilis, Sir John Northcobe added to the

Committee, to which the Petition of Sir Edw. Thomas Baronet, was committed.

Ordered, That all the Members of the Long Robe be Members i> added to the Committee appointed to examine, what arrearofAid. Monies are in Arrear to his Majesty; and how the same may be recovered. )

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Edgecombe, and Mr. How, Dover Pier, be added to the Committee appointed to examine the Accounts of Monies raised for Repair of Dover Pier,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Maydenhead the more easy collecting the Toll, payable for Repair of Bridge. Maydenhead Bridge.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edw. Carteret Message to Usher of the Black Rod. " attend the

Mr. Speaker, Kln=‘

The King does command this honourable House to attend him forthwith in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker reports, that, according to the Command of this House, he had presented the King with the Two Pills of Subsidy, and Excise: Which his Majesty was pleased graciously to receive; and did desire, that the other Bills may be expedited, that there might be a Recess towards the End of this Month.

Resolved, See. That the House will every Day, after Supply.

Wednesday, at Nine of the Clock in the Morning, punctually proceed on the publick Business of the King’s Supply; and rise at Twelve of the Clock; and sit again in the Afternoon, at Three.

Resolved, Sic. That the House will Tomorrow, at Supply Bill; Nine of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed on the Bill of Excise on foreign Commodities; and rise punctually at Twelve of the Clock.

for the Yeas, 31. for the Noes, 63;

And so it passed in the Negative.

Pirates. Sir John Talbot reports the Reasons to be offered at a

Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill to prevent the Delivery of English Ships to Pirates: Which were allowed by the House.

Lords desire A Message from the Lords, by Sir Hobart and

Conference. Sir Wm.Glascocke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the former Members, who prepared the Reasons, do manage the Conference.

Sir Robert Howard reports from the Conference, That , ' the Lords had agreed with this House in the last Paper

of Amendments, with the Addition of these Words, " during the Continuance of this Act," after the Word " hereafter," in the 2d Line of the 7th Skin: Which

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 7° die Martii, 1670.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all the Members of this House, preventing that serve for the several Counties of A Exportof

folke, Surrey, Gloucester, Somerset, Dorset, I lamp- " Shire, and Wiltshire, and all that serve for any Port Towns, be added to the Committee to which the Matter touching Exportation of Wool, is committed: And the Committee are revived; and to sit upon Thursday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

A Bill to prevent the planting Tobacco in England and Tobacco. Ireland, and for Encouragement of the English Plantations, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Debate of this Bill be adjoume 1 to Friday Morning.

Colonel

> lij'

t-

ih

till

fl,.'

lij

C!H (if;

IU

V.

on

U

!ai

tj;

*1

fc]>

r

r'0i

fci

Im

S]

It

1

t)cfaulter to Call of die House.

leave of Absence.

Peterborough

Writ

Supply Bill; foreign Commodities.

Ditto..,

Committees.

Preventing Growth of Popery.

SeaforfJ

WectiOD.

23 Car. II. 7- 9°

Colonel Norton made his Answer, and Excuse, in his

Place, for being a Defaulter in Attendance: Which was, upon the Question, allowed by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert have the Leave of

thip House to go into the Country, to attend his Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Fa have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir John Norton have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, to follow his Occasions at the Assizes.

Ordered, That Mr. Devereuxhave the Leave of this House to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Courtney Poole have the Leave of this House to go into the Country, to follow his Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do certify the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, of the Death of Mr. who lately served as a Member of this House, for the City of Peterborough in the County of desiring him, that a Writ may issue forth, under the Great Seal, lor Election of a Member to serve in this prfeserit Parliament, in his place and stead.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole Ilouse, to whom the Rill concerning Impositions upon foreign Commodities is committed, to hearthe Virgina Merchants, by themselves or Counsel, as to the Rate to he laid upon Tobacco of the English Plantations.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for an additional Imposition on foreign Commodities.

1 Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

: Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Consideration of the said Rill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Thursday Morning next, to proceed in

the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Thursday Morning next, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for an additional Imposition on foreign Commodities.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Matter concerning Popery, is committed, be revived; to sit on Thursday Morning next, Seven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Juris, 9* die Ma 1670.

Prayers.

A PETITION of John Amos in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, was read; complaining of an undue Practice in one John Mullet, Bailiff of the Town of Seaford, in the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for that Place; refusing to certify the Election of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by the Majority; and returning a Certificate for Sir Nicholas Pel hum, who had no Right of Election.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Amhurst Esquire be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter complained of, by the Petitioner; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

« yot. IX.

Martin 215

Sir Trevor WilliamsReports from the Committee, to Preventing

which it was referred to consider of the Address to be Growth ot presented to his Majesty, to prevent the Growth of Po- °^er"‘ pery; and to examine the Matter of Fact, wherein the Lords are not satisfied with the Reasons which induced the House of Commons to give Credit to the said Address: Which he opened, and read in his Place; and then, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

And the same being again tw ice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; are as followeth.

Resolved, Sec. That a Conference be desired, by Sir Trevor Williams, with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, upon the Address to prevent the Growth of Popery; and that the Persons who drew up the Reasons, do manage the Conference: And the Lord Obrian and Sir Thomas Lee are added to the Managers.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee tp which the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made, and Clauses to be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: u. t

Which Amendments and Provisoes were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso being tendered, on the Behalf of such Per- , sons whose Estates were sold, or that bore Arms in the War, for his late Majesty;

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read;

The House divided.

The Y eas go out.

Tellers,

j> for the Yeas,

87-

Sir John Talbot,

Sir Trevor Williams,

Sir John Mallet,

Mr. Cheney, J

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

for the Noes, 104.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir lVm. Glascock and Supply Bill; Sir And. Hacked; Beer and Ale.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for the Exportation of Beer, Ale, and Mum; with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, Committees, be revived.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter Militia, touching the Militia, w as committed, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter Employment was referred, upon the Petition of the Parish of Giles' of the Poor, and other Parishes, to prepare and bring in a Bill, according to former Order, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow'. Morning, in the Speaker's Chamber; to the end they may finish and bring in a Bill accordingly: And these Members following are added to the Committee;

Lord Obrian, Mr. Henley, Sir Joh Mr. St. John, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Otxvay, Colonel Mr.

James, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Head, Sir

Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Mallctt, Sir Chari. Sir

Thorn. Bassett, Sir 'Trevor Williams, Sir

Sir Henry Herbert, Mr. Crake.

And then the House adjourned till Three of tha Clock, Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That Sir E Smith have the Leave of Leave of this House to go into the Country. Absei.ce.

20 A Bill,

216

9° — I o'* Martii-

l^tosVmgton

Faash*

A. 1670.

A Bill, sent from the lords, intituled, An Act for Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers

p>r Finer thi» lYlannw nr I /irnfinin nf *u_ m_____§ a r . 1 r -rx

Erecting the Manor or Lordship of Haslington in the County of Chester into a Parish, was read the First tune.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Supply Bill; The House then resolved into a Committee of the

Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Clause to discourage and prohibit several foreign Supply Bill; Commodities to be imported into England, was twice foreign Com, read; and debated. modme*.

Resolved8cc. That the said Clause be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to which the Bill for

modules*010* whole UP°^ ^e Bill of additional Impositions an Imposition on foreign Commodities, is committed; to

on several foreign Commodities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That they had made some farther Progress in the said Bill;

consider thereof, and make the said Clause Part of the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Hacked and Booth'*

Sir Wm. Beversham; Estate.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill to enable Henry Booth Esquire to levy Fines, and suffer

ana humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the Recoveries: To which they desire the Concurrence of House would resolve into a Committee of the whole this House.

House, Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of the additional Bill of Excise on foreign Commodities.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

The Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Ditto, enable Henry Booth Esquire to levy Fines, and suffer Recoveries, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill concerning houses be read Tomorrow Morning.

the Work- Work homes.

Resolved, &c. That the House do resolve into a Com- Supply Bill; mittee of the whole House, at Three of the Clock in the fore'6n Com* Afternoon, to proceed in the further Consideration of mo tiei‘ the Bill of foreign Excise.

Fishery.

Defaulters to CalJ of the House*

Veneris, 10* die Martii, 1670.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Select Committee to which the Matter for the Improvement and Encouragement of Fishery, was transmitted, from the Committee of Trade, and referred, be revived: And all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Dorset, Wilts, and Koit; and all that serve for the Port Towns; be added to the Committee: And the Committee are to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Encouragement and Improvement of Fishery, according to the former Order of the Twenty-eighth of February last.

Mr. Thomas Coventry, and Mr. Roger Talbot, Defaulters in Attendance, did this Day, in their Places, give their Answers, and Excuses, for their Deiault in Attendance: Which, upon the Question, were allowed: And they were both excused, paying their Fees.

Committees. , Ordered, That, during the Time the House does sit, Forenoon and Afternoon, upon the Bill of his Majesty’s Supply, being limited to be Today and Saturday, all Committees be adjourned; and do forbear to sit.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill on the Behalf of the indigent loyal Officers, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Indigent

Officers.

Tobacco, &c. The House resumed the adjourned Debate of the Bill to prevent the planting Tobacco in England and Ireland, and for Encouragement of the English Plantations.

Which being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation . Trade, be committed to Mr. Hobby, Sir John Talbot, Sir Robert Howard, Lord St.John, Sir Mr.

Finch, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Earncly, Sir Humph. Winch, Sir Trevor WilliaCol. Kirby, Sir John ton, S'irWilL Bucknall, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Rouse, Col. Williams, Mr. Love, Mr. G air away. Dr. Burwell, Sir John Coriton, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Seymour, Sir nlhony Irby, Col. Strode, Sir John Cotton, Lord Allington, Col. Reames,

Sir!Villiam Lowt her, Sir Sir Thomas Lee, Sir

Winston Churchill, Sir Jomth. Trelawny, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Ford, Sir PhilipMounckton: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to considerof the Debates of the House; and to meet on Monday next, at

Post Meridiem.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Mond. Address on.

Brampston and Sir Andr. Hacket; ~ Growth of

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Foptry, quaint you, that they have agreed with you in your Address to be presented to his Majesty, to prevent the Growtti of Popery; and would appoint some Members of that House, to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended; and give N otice thereof to this House.

A Bill for settling the Assizes in the County of Com- Cornwall wall, being read the First time; Assize*.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, The Committee of the whole House be im- puty cn powered to bring in a Clause, for an Imposition upon foreign Salt foreign Salt, at the Custom-house.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling Differences touch- Houses burnt ing Houses burnt, be read Tomorrow Morning. London.

A Petition being tendered, on the Behalf of Stephen Privilege — Wayne, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach Petitionfroa Of Privilege; a person in

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee ofcust0 Privileges, to examine the Matter of the Petition, and Breach of Privilege; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And in the mean time he is to have his Liberty, upon Security.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill of additional Impositions on foreign Corn-foreign Commodities. modities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Consideratioft of the said BiH; and humbly moved, from the said Gown-mittee, that the House would resolve into a Committed of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the House be resolved into a Committee of

the

P5>

'.Vi

Sr/

sil.-ti

p

in

F,:'i

r

*1 *

:i

1 n ‘

V- A‘i

Sri r

L*u.

k

<V'\

U

ix\

k

a O',

1 M:J

tell

A

L

TO

kt:

43 Car, II.

to6 — II0-

13° Ma

h

Workhouses.

Indigent

Otbcers.

41

«x

a

tooth's Is tile.

is a b of t.

4

it

Bromley’s

Jistate.

the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration of the additional Dill of Excise on foreign Commodities.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 11° die1670.

Prayers.

1. A I] IL L for settling the Work-houses, and for setting XjL the Poor on Work, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Philip Mnn nek ton reports from the Committee to which the Dill of the indigent loyal Officers, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Dill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and alter delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, &c. That the said Report of the Bill on the Belmlf of the indigent loyal Officers, be read, and taken into Consideration the first Business, on Monday Morning.

A Dill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Booth Esquire to levy Fines, and suffer Recoveries, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Dill be committed to Mr. Cheney, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Mill Lord Ancram, Lord Richardson, Sir John Colton, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr.

Buscoiren, Colonel Kirtby, Sir7 Sir Talbot, Sir Phil Warwick, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Thomas

Meeres, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Solomon Mr.

Mi-. IloOby, Mr. Henley, Mr. Mr. Maynard,

Sir William Doyley, Sir Eihc. Massey, Sir Allen,

Sir John Lout her, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Talbot, Sir Edu\ Ilarley, Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Sir Foidke Lucy; and all that serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Cheshire, and Cornwall:And they are to meet on

Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Bromley, be heard on Tuesday Morning, at Ten of die Clock.

417

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Growth of Popery: And Sir Thomas Meres is to carry up the Bill to the Lords; and to put them in mind of the Bill for taking an Account of Monies given to the Poor, in the late Fire.

Ordered, That Sir John Talbot do desire a Conference Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill to on Pirates prevent Delivery up of Ships.

Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections do hear the Committee Cause concerning the Election for on Tuesday of Election*,

next come Fortnight: And that Sir Denny Ashburnham,

Sir John Pelham, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Head, Lord Ilin-chinbrooke, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Love, Mr. Ash, Mr.£<Ap.

Nicholas, Sir Henry Herbert, Mr. Chalmondley, Sir Robert Worsley, Mr. Bence, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr.

be added to the Committee.

Resolved, Sees That the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned’ till Three of the Clock, Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to Supply Bill), the Bill, intituled, An Act for Exportation of Beer, Ale, Eeer and and Mum; which were twice read, and, upon the Question, Ale* agreed, and read the Third time.

Resolved, Scc. That the Amendments be inserted in the Bill; and the Bill sent back to the Lords.

ink

r

if.2

iv.

Buying and A Bill to prevent Frauds in buying and selling of rhm^attle. Cattle, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, on Tuesday Morning next, the first Business.

A Clause to encourage the Exportation of Corn, was twice read.

Resolved, See. That the Clause be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to which the Bill for an Imposition on foreign Commodities, is committed; to consider of it, and amend it as they shall see Cause; and make it Part of the Bill.

Committee of Elections.

King appoints to be ttendrd.

Preventing Growth of Popery.

Ordered, That Sir Denny Ashburnham be added to the Committee of Elections.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Nath. Hobart and Sir Andrew llacket;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that his Majesty hath appointed Monday next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning, to be attended, By both Houses, in the Banquetting House at Whitehall, to receive their Address to prevent the Growth of Popery.

The ingrossed Dill to prevent the Growth of Popery> was read.

A Clause, for an Oath to be taken, for not taking up Arms, by Pretence of the King’s Authority, against His Person, was thrice read.

The Question being put, That this Clause fee made Part of the Dill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill House, upon the Dill of additional Impositions on foreign foreign Com. Commodities. modities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Monday Morning next, to proceed in the further, Consideration thereof.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That this House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, on Monday Morning next, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Dill of additional Impositions on foreign Commodities.

Ordered, That Lord Allington, Sir Nicholas Pelham,

Sir John Birkenhead, be added to the Committee to which the Matter concerning the Fishery is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 13° die Martii, 1670.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Westphaling have the Leave Leave of of this House to go into the Country, to attend his Absence, necessary Occasions.

The House, with Mr. Speaker, went tp attend His Answer t« Majesty in the Banquetting House at Whitehall, to present Address, the Petition and Address of both Houses, to prevent the Growth of Popery.

Mr. Speaker with the House returning, reported his Majesty’s gracious Speech, and Answer to the Address and Petition of both Houses, for the preventing the Growth of Popery, this Day humbly presented to his Majesty, by botlr' Houses Which gracious Speech and Answer was to this Effect;

31 My

Thanks m Answer.

Adulteration of Wine.

Indigent

Officers*

Tobacco.

Booth’s

Estate.

Defaulter to Call of the House.

a 18 13* — 14° Martit. 1670.

My Lords and Gentlemen, Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

I W ILL take care of all these Things: I will cause Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

a Proclamation to be issued out against the Priests: I will Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that

cause the Judges and all other Officers, to put the Laws they had made some further Progress in the said Bill; and against Papists in Execution, and all other Things that humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House may conduce to the Prevention of the Growth of Popery, would resolve into a Committee of the whole House To-But I suppose no Man will wonder, if I make a Difference morrow Morning, to proceed in the further Consideration between those, that have newly changed their Religion, thereof.

and those that were bred up in that Religion, and served Resolved, c. That this House doth agree with the My Father and Me faithfully in the late Wars. Committee, That the House do resolve into a Committee

of tire whole House Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in Resolved, &c. That the most humble and hearty Thanks the further Consideration of the Bill of additional Imposi-of this House be returned to His Majesty, by such Mem- tiens on foreign Commodities, bers of this House, as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council, for his Gracious Speech, and Answer And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

to the Address abovesaid. Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Search and Essay , 14" , l6?0.

of Wines, was committed; viz.Sir Francis Clarke, Mr.

Maynard, Mr. Morris, Sir Solomon Su-ale, Sir Rowland Praters.

Berkley, Mr. Lexcis, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Coventry, Co- A BILL for settling the Workhouses for setting the Workhouse*,

lonel Sands, Sir John Earncly, Sir Henry Herbert, Mr. j\ Poor on Work, was read the Second time.

Lucy, Sir John Morton, Lord Richardson, SivThomas Cler- Res&c. That the Bill be committed, upon the gis. Sir John Mallet, and all that serve for Port Towns. Debates of the House, to Ix»rd St.John, Sir Robert Howard, , Colonel Serjeant

The House then proceeded in the Reading of the Re- Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Coriton, Sir Anthony Irby, Coport of the Amendments to the Bill on the Behalf of the lonel Strode, Sir John Knight, Mr. Hobby, Sir Winston indigent loyal Officers: Which were twice read: And ChurchilSir Mr. Mr. some agreed; and others postponed. ’ Ansley, S'\vJohn Mallet, SkThomas Lee, Sir George Dozen-

Resolved, See. That the Debate of the Report be ad- ing, Lord Aneram, Colonel Grey, Mr. Sir journed till Tomorrow Morning. Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Rowse, Air. , Sir Robert

Atkins, SixThomas Allen, Colonel Maynard,

Resolved, See.That the Committee to which the Bill Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Moreton, Sir Edm.Pye, Colonel against planting Tobacco in England, which was to sit this Kirtby, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Colonel

Afternoon, be adjourned; and do sit Tomorrow in the Birch, Mr. Wood, Mr. Sir Afternoon. Lowther, Sir John Rennet, Mr. Air. Air.

Seymour, Mr. Air. Turner, Mr. Newport, Air.

Ordered, That Sir Clement Fisher, Sir Solomon Swale, TrenchaSir Sir Sir

Air. Wyn, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Sachevere/l, Mr. Hump- Dolman, Sir Robert Steam'd, Mr. Sir

den, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill of Clarke, Mr. Herne, Sir Humph. Air. Bartu, Sir

Henry Booth Esquire was committed. Edw.Deering, Sir Fleetwood, Sir Massey, Air.

Thomas, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Otway, Mr. Head And Sir Henry Anderson, a Defaulter in Attendance, did they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the make his Excuse in his Place: Which was allowed by the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for House; and he excused, paying his Fees. Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply Bill; foreign Commodities.

Bromley's

Estate.

Resolved, Sec. That the House will, at Two of the A Petition of some of the Governors of the Corpora- Corporate* . Clock this Afternoon, resolve into a Committee of the tien for the Poor was read. for l'oor.

whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of And a Debate arising thereupon, as to the transferring the Bill for an Imposition on foreign Commodities; and and changing the Government of the Corporation into no other Business whatsoever to intervene. other Hands; and paying such Alonies, as are owing, to

the present Governors;

The Bill on the Behalf of Air. Bromley, being ordered Resolved, &c. That the Alatter, upon the said Petition, to be reported Tomorrow, being Tuesday the Four- be heard at the Bar of this House, on Thursday next in teenth of March, at Ten of the Clock in the Alorning, the Afternoon: And the Petitioners have Notice then to some Alembers did this Day acquaint the House that attend, the Bill was withdrawn; and no Report to be made:

Which the House did accept; and agree to accordingly. Orda'cd, That it be referred to Air. Crouch, Sir Robert IleartU

Holt, Sir to take care of the expediting the Money.

Then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, Bill for regulating the Collection of the Duty of Hearth Afternoon. Aloney.

Post Meridiem.

Exporting THE Bill for Exportation of Coal, was read the Coal. Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill of additional Impositions on foreign Commodities, is committed, to make it Part of that Bill; or a Bill by itself.

Supply Bill; The House resolved into a Committee of the whole foreign Com- House, upon the Bill of additional Impositions on foreign moditie*. Commodities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

A Petition of John Knight Esquire, Alayor of the City' Privilege — . of Bristoll, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms for a 1>etltu,n 'rom

supposed Breach of Privilege, was read. custody1

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to take the same into Consideration on this Day Sevennight; and report the Alatter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And Air. Knight, upon his Security to appear, is discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the House do sit this Afternoon, to pro- Buying an4 ceed on the Bill to prevent Frauds in the Buying and selling' Selling of Cattle; and upon the adjourned Debate of the Cattte. Report of the Bill concerning the indigent loyal Officers.

A Alessag*

23 Car.. II. 14° — 15° Martii. 219

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Estcourt and Sir Andrea? Hacket Pirates. Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed with this House in the Amendments to the Bill to prevent the Delivery up of Boston Navi- Ships; and the Bill concerning the Navigation between Boston and the River Trent.

Resolved, &c. That the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

A BILL to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Sell-aellmgCatile. ing of Cattle, was read the Second time: And being debated,

Resolved ’,&c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Mr. , Sir Thomas Meercs,

Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Cholm Mr. Evelyn, Sir Humph. Winch, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Thompson, Sir Edzv.Massey, Sir John Tamely, Sir Smith, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sir Edzc.

Ilungcrford, Mr. Hence, Lord Richardson, Mr. Hampden, Sir Edm.Foley, Mr. Corye, Sir Henry Felton, Sir Tho. Wendy, Sir John Talbot, Sir Job Cori-

ten, Sir Thomas Peyton, Colonel Birch, Mr. Jones, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Edm. Windham, Colonel Sir Northcott, Sir JVill.JTindham, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Love, Air Crouch, Sir Edzc. Sir Rich. Temple,

Mr. Hobby, Mr Jay, Sir Thomas Metres, Sir Cotton,

Mr. Merrill, Sir Richard Wiseman, Mr. Mr. barne, Mr. Churchill, Sir Lucy, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Darcy, Sir Geo. Sands, Sir John Sir Edzv.

Deering:And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

gat ion.

Committee of whole House.

Bnvin^ anti

An ingrossed Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An-Booth'*

Act to enable Henry Booth Esquire to levy Fines and suf- Estate, fer Recoveries, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question, agreed: And Mr. Greordered to carry back the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That an Address be made to his Majesty, by Indigent such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy °Ificers’ Council, that his Majesty would be pleased to give Order, that such Monies belonging to the loyal indigent Officers, as have been paid in to the Exchequer, may be repaid from thence for the LTse of the said loyal Officers.

Ordered, That the Committees to which the Matter Committees, against the Exportation of Wool; and the Committee to which the Bill on the Behalf of Sir Thomas Ogle; and the Committee concerning Dfrver Pier; be revived; and do sit Tomorrow Morning, at Seven of the Clock in the Morning.

A Bill to prevent the Destruction of Coneys, and othel* Preservation Game, was read the First time. of Game.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill to pre- Tobacco.

vent the planting Tobacco in England,_, be revived; and

do sit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Doctor Burnell reports from the Committee to which Sams' the Bill lor settling a charitable Use, intended by John panties. Sams, was committed, one single Amendment to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table;

Which being twice read, and agreed;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

And the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

o’ o

Mercwii, lo# die Martii, 1670.

Pray e r s.

Wigent The House then proceeded to the Second Reading of Ottcers. the remaining Amendments, reported, to the Bill on the Behalf of the indigent loyal Officers; some of which were, upon the Question, agreed: And, as to the Amendments postponed, for filling up the Blanks in the Bill with Commissioners Names, and how many shall be of the Quorum, the Blanks were, upon the Question, agreed to be filled with the Commissioners appointed to take the Accounts of publick Monies at Brooke-house: And the Quorum to be Three of them: And it was referred to Sir Thomas Mteres. Sir Philip Mounckton, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Corilon, Sir 'Anth.Irby, Sir John Birkcnhead, Sir Trelaznicy,

or any Three of them, to see the Blanks filled up accordingly; and to provide a Clause for their giving discharges upon the Accounts, as they see Cause.

(Wail A Bill for settling the Assizes in the County of Corn-e call, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir John Coriton, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Will.Farmer, Sir Pooley, Sir Windham, Serjeant Maynard, Colonel Williams, Mr. Morris, Sir John Eamely, Sir John BirkenMr. Crouch, Lord

Hazi'ley, Colonel Sands, Mr. Price, Mr. Rouse, Mr. Sprye, Sir Jonalh. Trelmvny, Colonel Mr. Sir

John Barnet, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Sir

Robert Carr, Mr. Grenville, Sir Thom. Lee, Lord Gorge, Sir Ralph Hare, Sir Richard Edgecombe, Sir Siir John Coventry, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Chal-mondtey, and all that serve for Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to summon and hear all Persons concerned: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vo 1.IX.

A BILL for the Preservation of Game, was read the Preservation Second time. oi Game.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr.

Chcyney, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Cholnumdley, Sir Gilbert

Talbot, Sir John Lozcther, Mr. Trench a rd. Colonel -

lipps, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Crouch, Sir John

Lord Ancram, Sir Thom. Metres, Lord Gorge, Sir Edzc.

Deering, Mr. Pozvle, Mr. Knozcles, Colonel Phi!lipps,

Sir Fliab. Harvey, Mr. Cornzcall, Sir Atkins, Sir

Robert Carr, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Sc rawin',

Mr. Ashley, Sir Thomas Aden, Mr. Goring, Sir Swale, Sir Edm. Pye, Colonel. II iliiams, Mr, Jay, Sir Thomas Doleman, Mr. Ilobby, Sir Robert Sir

Robert Holt, Mr. Vaughan, Sir IT Sir Edm.

Pooley, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Edzv. Wise. Sir

Sir John Knight, Mr. Thomas, Sir John Birin, head, Sir Robert Steward, Sir John Coventry; and all the Members that serve for York e, Nottingham,

Dorset, Hampshire, and Kent:And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to consider of the Debates of the House; and to provide a Clause to be added to this Bill, or prepare a distinct Bill by itself against unlawful Fishing; and to prevent robbing of Ponds and Rivers, and making Destruction of Fish.

A Bill for the better levying and collecting of Fines Fines, and and Forfeitures payable to his Majesty, was read the ioilt‘Uurei* First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the Grocers Com- Grocers pany be read the First Business Tomorrow Morning. Company.

Ordered,

110

15° — i 6° — 170 Martil 1670.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued,

be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places for* merly appointed.

Supply Bill; The House then resolved into a Committee of the fore^n Com- whole House, upon the Bill of additional Impositions on modules. foreign Commodities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, &c. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill of additional Impositions on foreign Commodities.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Geo. Dozening, Col. Birch, Sir Thom. Lee, Mh Love, Sir Thom. Sir

Robert Howard, or any Three of them, to consider of the Clause in the Bill of additional Impositions on foreign Commodities, concerning the Conviction of Persons importing any of the prohibited Goods, so to amend it, if they see Cause) as that the Proof may be laid on the Party accused; or else to bring in a new Clause for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die 1670.

Praters.

unto, and owned by, the Persons who subscribed the same, at the Bar of the House; and the Petition being read, and the Matter between them and the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, and other Parishes, complaining, being heard; and the Matter afterward debated in the House;

Resolved, &c. That this House is satisfied for any thing yet appearing, that the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex have behaved themselves faithfully, in pursuance of the Powers given them by the Act of Parliament for Relief of the Poor.

Resolved, &c. That this House is satisfied that the Governors of the Corporations for the Poor have behaved themselves well in the Execution of the Powers given them by the former Act, for any thing that appeared to this House this Day.

Resolved, &c. That it be an Instruction to the Committee to which the Bill touching the Corporation for the Poor is committed, That the Power of Nomination of the Governors for the Corporations for Relief of the Poor shall continue as it is now established by the former Law: And that it be referred to the Committee to rectify the Bill accordingly.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee to consider the Powers in the former Act for the raising of Money; and to limit the Sum of Money which shall be raised.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Grocer*

Company.

ABI LL to compel the Company of Grocers to pay their just Debts, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; It passed in the Negative,

Veneris, 17° 1670.

Praters.

o'

tv

p:

i:

IV

.1

s

k-

t A iJ r:

1

Hi: i k: k-

t

Conventicles. Ordered, That the Report of the Bill against Conven-

ticles,

be heard Tomorrow Morning.

R D E RED, That the Bill on Behalf of Sir William Clarke'* Clarke Baronet, be read the First Business Tomorrow

In-.ligent

Officers.

The indigent loyal Officers having consented and desired, that Mr. Birch may be Treasurer on their Behalf,

for receiving and distributing such Monies as shall be due to them; and he being content to accept thereof;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Members last appointed to fill up the Blanks in the Bill on the Behalf of

Morning.

O

Ordered, That the Bill for determining of Differences, Houses burnt touching Houses burned, be read Tomorrow Morning. iu Condon.

Sir Thomas a Defaulter in Attendance, did this Defaulter t*

Day give his Answer and Excuse, in his Place: Which Call oftb« the indigent loyal Officers, to bring in a Clause for consti- *\as ah°wed of by the House; and he excused, paying House, tuting M r. Birch Treasurer, on the Behalf of the indigent Fees.

lady

Williams’s

Estate.

Supply Bill; foreign Commodities*

loyal Officers, for receiving and distributing such Monies, as shall be due and payable to the said Officers.

Ordered, That Sir Will. Doyley, Mr. John Wright, Mr. Wood, Sir Edm. Polcy, be added to the Committee to which the Bill on the Behalf of the Lady Williams, is committed.

The House resolved into a Committee upon the Bill of additional Impositions on foreign Commodities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the said Committee, that they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments, Alterations, and Additions thereunto.

Resolved, That the Report of the said Amendments be made Tomorrow Morning.

Wey Navigation.

Workhouse*.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill against Conven- Conventicles, tides, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mondeford Bram-ston and Sir Andr.;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill ParisGardea for making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parish, with some Amendments: With a Bill to enable Sir Andrew Hackett-$ Hackett Knight to settle a Portion of Money on Mary Ksatat^ s Hackett his Daughter:

Also a Bill, intituled, An Act for building -Arundel-

House, and Tenements thereunto belonging: House.

Also a Bill, intituled, an Act for Provision to be made Yelverton* for Mr. Nevill born after the Death of his Estate.

Father Sir Henry: To which they desire the

Concurrence of this House.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Mondford Bram- Supply Bill} stem and Sir Andrezo Hackett; Brand011

Mr.! Speaker, The Lords have sent you down the Bill, 1111 intituled, An Act to prevent the Importation of foreign Brandy, and to give Reconipence to his Majesty for his ORDERED, That the Committee to which the Duty thereupon; with some Amendments: To which Bill concerning the River Wey in the County of Surrey they desire the Concurrence of this House, is committed, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow

Morning. Mr. Seymour reports from the Committee of the whole Supply Bill;

The House then proceeded to the Hearing of the Mat- House, to which the Bill for an additional Imposition on fore'=n Cum* ter, touching the Workhouses for setting the Poor on foreign Commodities, was committed, several Amendments 1,10 ltl€S* Work, upon the Petition of'some of the Governors for agreed to be made, and Clauses to be added to the Bill: the Corporation of the Poor: Which Petitionbeing-shewed Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered .16 the

Post Meridiem.

t:

k\

22 Car. II. 170' — 18° — ao°

21

Adjourn-

ment.

the same in at the Clerk's Table; some of which were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, proceed in the further Consideration of the rest of the Amendments of the Bill for* an additional Imposition on foreign Commodities.

Resolved, &c. That the House be adjourned till To* morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sealed Ordered, That the Matter touching the Fdection for

Ejection. Seaford, appointed to be heard on Tuesday Sevennight,

be heard on Thursday Sevennight.

And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sahhati, 18°

die Martii, 1G70.

Prayers.

*ClaAc*s

EsUte.

Yclvertoo’s

Estate.

art

m.

i.vrj

it

A BILL for settling the Estate of Sir -t\ for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Family, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second tune.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for making a Provision for Nereid Yelverton, born after the Death of his Father

Sir HairyYelvcrton, was read.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Y eas go out.

Toilers,

Lord Obrian, j

Sir George Dorniing, J

Lord Richardson, j

Mr. Musgrave, J

for the Yeas, 73. for the Noes, 49.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Workhcicts. Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Workhouses, is committed; vis. Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir John Talbot, Mr. J lercilt, Sir Thomas JI ceres.

Hoots burnt Ordered, That the Bill for determining Differences

a London, for, cliiiur Houses burned, be read the First time on

O,

Monday Morning.

The House then proceeded in the Second Rending, and Debate of the Amendments to the Bill for an Imposition on foreign Commodities; and went through and agreed to all the Amendments to the additional Clauses.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mond. Rramston and Sir Andr. IJackct;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act to revive an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty’s Navy Royal; with some Alterations and Additions, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee formerly appointed to inquire into the Causes of the Growth of Popery, be added and joined to the Committee to whom the Bill concerning the Repair of Churches, is committed: Which Committee is revived; to sit on Monday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Supply Bill; foreign Com-

sGit; modities.

Kii K. Naval

*» it. Stores.

u-

\$- Preventing

\ os Growth of

4. Popery,

Adjourn-

menu

The Question being put, That the House adjourn for Two Hours;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

Vol. IX.

Tellers,

Colonel Kirby,

Colonel Titus,

Sir Thomas Lee,

Sir Robert Holt,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

l

j

1

j

for the Yeas, 77. for the Noes, 39.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House proceeded to the Second Reading and Supply Bill; Debate of the Clauses, to be made Part of the Bill of fuieifciiCou*-

mouitics.

for the Yeas, 57. for the Noes, 46.

Impositions on foreign Commodities

And the First, for collecting the Duties at the (Customhouse; and the Second, to discourage the bringing in foreign Commodities; were, with some Amendments, upon the Question, agreed, and made at the Table, were severally, upon the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill:

The Third Clause, to encourage the Exportation of Corn, being read a Second time; and some Amendments agreed, and made at the Tabic;

The Q ucstion being put, To agree to the Amendment in the Clause for exporting Corn, for inserting these Words, viz. " In English Shipping, the Master, and Two Thirds of the Mariners at least, being his Majesty's Subjects;"

The House divided:

The Yens go out.

Toilers,

Sir Solomon Sxvale, j

Doctor Lardcll, j

Mr. Tregomcell, ]

Mr. Tnr.chcnd, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, S:c. That the Clause so amended be agreed to, and made Pert of the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Clause, to prohibit the bringing in Corn from Scotland.

Resolved, Sec. That the House will, on Monday Morning next, proceed in the Amendments as to the Clauses, to be added to the Bill for an additional Imposition on foreign Commodities.

And then the Home adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luiue, 20° die Mariii, 1670.

Prayers.

BILL for determining Differences concerning Km:* burnt Houses burned, was read the First tune. in Lui.dun.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter Fishery, concerning the Fishery is committed, have J'ouer to send for and hear the Fishmongers, or any other Persons that may give them Information in that Matter.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the charitable Use Yarns’ of Mr. Sams, be read Tomorrow Morning. ChauUes.

A Bill for the better collecting and answering of Fines Fir.es and and Forfeitures, payable to his Majesty, was read the I'orislture3' Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert II<Kcard,$\rThomas Lee, Sir Solomon Sxvale, Colonel

Rcames, Sir Robert A thins. Sir John Talbot, Lord John,

Sir Robert Carr, Mr. OivJcxc, Mr. Maynard, Lord Aungier, Sir John Knight, Mr. Buscoxcen, Sir//'///. Ruch-nall, Col. Whitley, Sir John I mat her, Sir bord, Mr. Pozcle, Mr. Spn/c.Sir John Earnc/j/, Sir A nth,

‘3 K Irby,

Indigent

Officers.

Conventicles.

Clarke's

Estate.

Supply Bill; foreign Commodities.

Supply Bill l)uiy on Brandy.

222 20° — 2i° — 2 2° Martii. A. 1670.

Irby, Sir Ralph Hare, Colonel Sir Thomas Mceres,

Mr. Jones, Sir Edw. Deering, Lord St. John, Dr. Burnell, Sir Phil.Howard, Sir Ric Mr.

Sir Phil. Harcourt, Mr. Phil. Howard, Sir Massey, Sir JobCharkton, Sir Thom. Sir Will. Doyley,

Mr. Newport, Sir John Brampston, Lord Richardson, Sir Thomas Lee, Sit Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Crouch, Lord

Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert HolMr. Sir John

Northcolt, Sir Robert Ste-ward, Sir Mr. Pri-

deaux, Mr. Finch: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to consider of the Debates of the House; and to hear some on the Behalf of the City of London.

Ordered, That the Clause on the Behalf of the indigent loyal Officers, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill against Conventicles, be heard on Wednesday Morning, at Ten of the Clock, punctually.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Geo. Sir

John Duncombe, Sir Thom. Lee, Sit Thom, dice res, Sir John Lowther, Sir Solomtn Swale, Sir Robert Carr, Sir

Robert Howard, Sir 7 'hem.Clifford, Col. Birch, Sir Bucknall, Sir Char.Ilurbord, Sir Robert Steward, Sir

Robert Atkins, Mr. Love, or any Three of them, to peruse the Bill and Amendments sent from the Lords; and to consider of a Method of proceeding; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill sent from the Lords, on the Yelverton’* Behalf of Nevill Yelverion, an Infant, be read the first Estate.

Business, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Exporting of Wool, be readTo-morrow Morning. Wool.

A Bill for an Imposition on several Pleadings and Pro- Supply Bill; ceedings in the Law, was read the First time. Law Pro.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on ceeilmSs* Friday next.

Ordered, That the Bill on Behalf of Sir William Clarke be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House then proceeded on the Clauses to be added to the Bill for an Imposition on foreign Commodities.

The Clause for Exportation of Coal, being read the Second time;

A Petition of the Farmers of the Customs of Coals Exported, was read; and debated.

'l he Question being put, To agree with the Committee, that this Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

for the Yeas, 82.

for the Noes, 63.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House then proceeded to the postponed Debate of the prohibiting the Importation of all Sorts of Aqua Vita, Brandy, Wine or Spirits, or Strong Waters.

'l'he Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause for making Search for prohibited Goods, and turning the Proof on the Importer or Vender of them, was twice read.

The Question being put, Whether these Words, " or where the same are suspected to be concealed or kept," do stand in the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this Clause be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause relating to the other Clause, touching the Exportation of Corn, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to be added to the former Clause, and made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause, touching Corn imported out of land, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to, and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, Provisoes, and Clauses agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, &c. 'Flint the Amendments to the Bill for prohibiting the importing Brandy, be taken into Consideration the first Business Tomorrow Morning, notwithstanding any former Order.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.,

Mart is, 21° Martii, 1670.

Mr. Musgr Mr. Neale,

Sir Edm. Colonel Titus,

Prayers.

rT' II E House then entering upon the Reading of the A Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to prohibit the Importation of Brandy;

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, Committee*, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

The House then proceeded to the Hearing of the Lindsey Cause concerning Lindsey Level. Level.

And Parties and Counsel were called in to the Bar of the House.

And the Counsel, on the Behalf of Sir William grew and Sir Henry Herne being heard; and several Decrees of the Commissioners of Sewers being read;

Resolved, See. That the further Hearing of the Cause concerning the said Lindsey Level Fen be proceeded in on Thursday Morning next, Nine of the Clock, nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees discontinued, be re- Committen. vived; and do sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mcrcurii, 22° die Mart, 1670. P ray Ens.

AB I L L on the Behalf of Nevill an Ydverton’*

Infant, was read the Second time. Eaute.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Lee, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Mr. Sir

Edm. Windham, Sir Edw. JVise, Mr. Hobby, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Buscowen, Sir Ihom. Sir

John Birkenhead, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir John Mr. Morice, Mr. Ford, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Pan ic, Mr.

Milward, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr. Hide, Lord

brooke, Mr. St. John, Mr. Cholmely, and all that serve for the several Counties of Lincolne, Yorke, Bucks,

ton, and Huntington: And they are to meet Tomorrow

at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's

Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for settling the Estate of Sir William Clarke, Claris’s was read the Second time. Lsuic.

Resolved, &c. 'That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Onslow, Lord Aungier, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Buscowen, Mr.

Sir Humph. Winch, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Spiy, Sir

Robert Ik It, Sir James Smith, Sir 1 hom. Meeres, Sir Edm. -Pooley, Col PhilUpps, Sir drill Wick, Mr. Pridcau.v, Mr.

Marvell, Mr. Tregonwell, Sir Joseph Ash, Mr. Fowl?, Mr. Chalmondley, Sir Robert Holmes, Col. Sir IP ill.

Lowther, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Sir ThDolman, Sir Will. Ilay-ward, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir RCol. Birch,

Sir Edm. Windham, Sir 1 hom. SmiMr. Price, Mr. Johns, Mr. Mallet: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's

Chamber:

32 Car. II.

22° — 2 30 — 240 Martii.

223

Prerenting

Export of Wool.

Rfoulating

Jurors.

Building A ruoddl House.

Harkett’s

Estate,

Chamber: And to send fur Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time the First Business Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill and Amendments touching Jurors was committed, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

The Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for building ArundelI House, and Tenements thereunto be-

longing, was read; and, upon the Question, ordered to be read a Second time.

Austin, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Rich. JViscman, Mr. St. John, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Will. Mr. Dun-

star, Sir Joseph Ash, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Coriton, Sir Edzv. Dcering, Mr. Chaimondley, Sir Windham, Sir

Will.Lowtlicr, Sir John Knight, Sir Gilb. Talbot, Colonel Williams, Mr Jones, Sir Edm.Mr. Col.

Mr. Hobby, Mr. Sprye, Sir Thom. Smith, Mr. Plcydall, Sir Theoph.Biddo/ph, Sir John Northcot, Col. Birch, Sir

Talbot, Sir Francis Clarke, Sir John Colonel

Reamcs, Doctor Arras, Sir Thomas Metres, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Wood, Mr. Knowles, Mr. Mr.

Sir Thom. Clifford, Lord Caslleton, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Sir John Barnaby, Colonel Titus, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Mr. Progers: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Ordered, That the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Hariaken-Sir Andrew Hackett Knight, to settle a Portion of Money Harlakenden Esquire, for Satisfaction of a Debt due to tJca 3 t-stat

rlfli

on Mary Hackett his Daughter, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Conventicles. Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee to which the Bill against Conventicles, was re-committed, some Clauses agreed by the Committee to he added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and ultenvards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Clause which related to the Baptism of Children, was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, rejected.

The Proviso, which related to the indemnifying of Persons who had acted upon the former Act, being twice read; and some Amendments being made at the Table; Was, upon the Question, agreed.

A Proviso being tendered, that no Person punished by this Act shall be punished for the same Offence by any other Law';

And the Question being put, That the Proviso be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Ilolt,

Mr. Clwlmdy,

Mr. Pen cell,

Mr. Merrill,

So it passed in the Negative.

Upon Debate of the House,

Resolved, &c. That the said additional Bill Conventicles, be re-committed to the former Committee, upon the Debates of the House: Who are to sit this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, for that Purpose; and to hasten their Proceedings therein, so as to make Report thereof on Friday Morning next.

his Majesty, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill to prohibit the Tobacco. Planting Tobacco in England, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

1

For the Yeas, 62. For the Noes, 66.

against

The ingrossed Bill for an additional Imposition upon Supply Bill;

several Commodities therein mentioned, was read. foreign Com-

7 modules.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir B ramps ton, Fee-farm

and Sir And. Hacket; Rents<

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Fee-farm Rents, and other small Rents in Trustees; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House then proceeded on the Debate of the Bill Supply Bill; for an Imposition on foreign Commodities. foreign Com-

Anti some Amendments were agreed, and made thereto mo 1 ies‘ at the Table.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Bill for an Imposition on foreign Commodities, be adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Clause concerning Lindsey Level be tindsey heard on Monday Morning, the first Business; and nothing Levtl-else to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House resumed the Debate of the Bill for an

Committees. The Question being put, That all other Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for laying an addi-foifignCom- tional Imposition on several foreign Commodites, be read modules. To-morrow- Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

o

Preventing Import of Wool.

Jovis, 23° die Martii, 1670. Praters.

A BILL to prevent the Exportation of Wool, was

read a Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Poivle, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Harbor el, Sir / Villiam Buck nail, Sir Ro Carr, Sir

Sir John Brampston, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Mr.

Wright, Mr. Buscauen, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Sir

Imposition on several foreign Commodities.

And some Amendments were agreed, and made thereto at the Table.

A Proviso for preventing the Defrauding of his Majesty of his Customs, in several Commodities of small Bulk, and for preventing the Exportation of Wool, being read the First, Second, and Third time, was, upon the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause for recompensing his Majesty for the Duty upon Brandy imported, taken away by the Prohibition thereof in this Bill, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate thereof be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 24° Martii, 1670. Praters.

Supply Bill; foreign Com* modiues.

AC LA USE for recompensing his Majesty for the Supply Bill; Duty of Brandy imported, taken aw ay by the Pro- foreign Com-John Bennet, Sir Thom. Dolman, "Colonel Phillipps, Mf. liibition thereof in this Bill, was read the Second time. moditie*.

224

24

27°

Martii.

A. 1671.

The Clause was read, by Paragraphs, the Third time: And the several Paragraphs, with some Amendments agreed on the Question, and made at the Table, were, upon the Question, agreed.

A Clause was tendered, for the better Discovery of Brandy imported; and thrice read.

The Question being put, To agree with the First Paragraph, or Part of the Clause for a Discovery, by the Merchant Importer, to whom he hath sold his Brandy;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The next Part of the Clause was read; and, on the Question, agreed.

The last Paragraph was read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Clause, for Exemption of private Persons distilling for their own Use, w as tw ice read, and agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the said Clauses be added to the former Clauses concerning Brandy.

Another Proviso, for an Appeal, was twice read; and, with the Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed.

A Proviso was tendered, against importing Brandy by Licence.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read;

It passed in the Negative.

The ingrossed Clauses, concerning Brandy, were read the Third time.

A Proviso for the better taking and expediting the Accounts between the Merchants and Tanners of the Customs and his Majesty, was read twice: But, being impericct, was withdrawn.

Reseda d. Sec.That, the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for an additional Imposition on several foreign Commodities; and for the Encouragement of several Commodities and Manufactures of this Kingdom: And Sir Ro'oeri Her, card is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Amendments coining from the Lords to the Bill of Brandy: Which being for laying an Imposition on the People, in Breach of the Priv ilege of this House, w here all Impositions on the People ought to begin; therefore the House did think lit to lay the said Bill and Amendments aside.

Ordered, '1 hat the Report of the Bill, to prevent the planting Tobacco in England, be heard on Tuesday, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Cause concerning Level, be

heard on Monday Morning, according to the former Order.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Mayor of Bristol/, be heard on Tuesday Morning.

Conventicles. Ordered, That the Report of the Bill of Conventicles, be heard on // ednesduyMorning.

ri lie Question being put, That a further Day be given, for hearing the Matter upon the Bill for settling the Assizes for Cornwall, before the Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

S i r Job nCo niton, 1

Sir Charles Harbord, J

Mr. Ford, 1

Mr. Sprye,

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

1 O

27° die Martii, 1671.

P It A V K R S.

4 BILL for Sale of Part of the Estate of John T V lahenden Esquire, for Satisfaction of a Debt due to his Majesty, w as read the First time.

Resulted, ike. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

On

L

Ordered, That Herbert Jones, John, William, Edward, Privilege, and Charles Williams, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for their Contempt in refusing to obey an Order of Summons from the Committee of Privileges, to whom it was referred to examine the Matter of a Breach of Privilege, by them'Tommitted against Sir Trevor Williams, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That all Parties and Persons attending upon Lindsey the Cause concerning Lindsey Level Fen in the County Level, of Lincolne, be discharged and dismissed from further Attendance.

Supp’y Pill; Duty on Brandy.

Tobacco.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Andrew Hackett intestate* and Sir Will. Beversham; Estates.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better settling of Intestates Estates: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir George Dozening reports from the Committee to Tobacco whom the Bill for preventing the Planting Tobacco in England, &c. was committed, several Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, agreed to by the Committee, to be made to the said Bill: Which lie read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table;

W hich, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

A Clause, for making the Bill temporary, was tendered and read the First and Second time; and agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary Trevor acquaints the House, from his Message foe Majesty, That his Majesty had commanded him to let the House know, that his Majesty intended a Recess, by the Eighth of April next; and that therefore the House would hasten the Dispatch of the Bilis depending.

I.indsey

Level.

Privilege.

# Cornwall A.ss'.ze3.

for the Y’cas, 20. for the Noes,

43-

Ilarlaken-♦Icn’s Estate.

Ordered, That the Report of the Amendments to the Conventicle* Bill against Conventicles, at Ten of the Clock.

be made Tomorrow Morning,

The Bill for laying an Imposition upon Proceedings in Supply Bill; Courts of Law, and other Courts, was read the Second Law Pr0‘ time. ctedl, S1-

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to a Committee oi the whole House: And that the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House thereupon, Tomorrow Morning, next after the Report of the Bill against Conventicles: And that it be an Instruction to the Committee, to make the Bill of the Impositions agreeable to the Votes of the House; and also, to consider what Offices may bear the Impositions, or Part thereof; and to lay it accordingly.

Ordered, That the House do sit in the Afternoon, for Bills to I. reading the ingrossed Bills depending. read#

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, Afternoon.

Post Meridian.

SIR Charles Harbord reports from the Committee, to Ogle’s whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir 7lianas Ogle, Estate, was committed, several Additions, Alterations, and Amendments, agreed by the Committee, to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's "Fable: Which, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The ingrossed Bill for settling Lands by John Sams, for Sams’

Charitable Uses, was read the Third time. dnl€ ’

Resolved,

t'K

ll

y,

Sir

Nr

in

it

In 6; J /; I

fn

Jo

a

u A/1 b i

a

Ri

la

Fii

vn

k

be!

ten

.'if

k.

3

Jjfcl

r.UA

Zt:

hf

; jt<

L

't*

Hackett’*

Estate.

Hemp and Flu plant* ing.

Naval Stores.

Building

Anindell

House.

Indigent

Officers.

Clarke’s

Estate.

23 Car. II. 270 — 28°

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling Lands by John Sams, for charitable Uses.

A Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Andrew Hackett Knight, to settle a Portion of Money on Mary Hackett his Daughter, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Robert Steward, Mr. Crouch, Sir Anth.Irby, Mr. Milward, Col. Birch, Sir Knight,

Sir Henry Herbert, Sir John Sir Ralph Hare,

Sir John Heath, Mr. Goring, Mr. Sir

Whitmore, Mr. Tufton, Colonel Titus, Sir drill Mr. Glascocke, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Talbot, Sir Char. Harbord, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. xvood, Mr. Sacheverell, Lord Clifford, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Coventry, Col. Whitley, Sir Thom. Wendy, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Tho. Woodcocke, Sir Jo Sir Gerrard, Lord Ancram, Sir Steph. Fox, Col. Strode, Mr. Morris, Mr. Bridgman, Serjeant Charlton, Sir Fowlke Lucy, Mr. Milward, Colonel Phillipps, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Sir Herbert Price, Sir John Bamaby, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Thom. Meeres, Colonel Reames, Mr. Phillipps; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Suffolke, Essex, Bucks, and Wanvickshire: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Seven of the Clock in the Morning, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The ingrossed Bill for encouraging of the Sowing of Flax and Hemp, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging of the Sowing of Flax and Hemp.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to revive an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty’s Navy Royal, with some Alterations and Additions, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Vaughan reports from the Committee appointed Fishery to prepare hnd bring in a Bill for encouraging and improving the Fishing Trade, That the Committee had considered thereof, and prepared a Bill accordingly:

Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordei'ed, See.That the said Bill be read on Wednesday

Morning next.

Sir Robert Steward reports from the Committee, to Buying and whom the Bill for regulating the Buying and Selling of Cattle, was committed, several Amendments and Altera- Cutt,e’ tiens to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being twice read, and, upon the Question, severally agreed unto;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amend-bients agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Love tenders a Bill for perpetuating the Powers London contained in the Clause of an Act for building the City Paving, &«. of London, touching Pavements and Sewers, in the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read on Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill, sent down from the Lords, for intestate* the better settling of Intestates Estates, be read on Estate*. Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the £lock.

The Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Rosse Bill, intituled, An Act for uniting the Vicarage and Par- Vicarage, sonage of Rosse in the County of Hereford, was read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

The said Amendments were also read the Third time:

The Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Par*s ^art^n Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parish, and to enable the Parishioners of St.

Saviours Southwark to raise a Maintenance for Ministers, and for Repair of their Church, were read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

The said Amendments w'ere also read the Third time.

A Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for building Arundcll House, and Tenements thereunto belonging, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Onslow, Sir John Lowther, Sir TMeeres, Sir Swale, Sir Robert Steward, Sir Thom. Lee, Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Dolman, Mr. Dclimhoy, Sir Edm. Pye, Mr. Hobby, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. C’hal-mondley, Mr. Ford, Mr. Grey, Sir Thom. Smith, Sir drill Wiche, Sir Fretzvile Hollis, Sir Edmond Windham, Mr. Jams, Sir John Knight, Sir John Bramston, Mr. Bus-cawen, Mr. Morris, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Char. Harbord, Col. Phillipps, Sir James Smith, and all the Members that serve for the Counties oiNorfolke, Surrey, Sussex, Lincolne, and Yorke: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The additional Amendments to the Bill on the Behalf of the truly loyal indigent Commission Officers, formerly reported, were read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir drill Wych reports from the Committee to whom the Bill on the Behalf of Sir William Clarke, was committed, several Alterations and Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill, with the Amend- __ ments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Vot! ix.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 28° die Martii, 1671.

Praters.

SI R Charles Harbord reports from the Committee to preventing which the Bill for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, was committed, several Amendments agreed 0 . by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the same being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed unto;

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henley, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Hobby, Privilege. Mr. Sprye, Mr. Morris, be added to the Committee to which the Petition of Sir John Prittyman was committed.

Mr. Cheney reports from the Committee to which the Bill to preserve the Game, and securing'Warrens not inclosed, and the several Fishings of the Realm, was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made, and a Clause for preserving of Fishing, to be added to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the r same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

3 L Ordered,

t

226

st8°- — i90

A. 1671.

Privilege.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee That they had made some further Progress in the Bill (who for that Purpose are hereby revived) to compare aforesaid; and humbly moved, that the House would the printed Act against unlawful Hunting and Killing of resolve into a Committee again Tomorrow Morning, to Deer, with the Bill; and to bring in a Clause, for Sale proceed in the further Consideration thereof, of the Distress, if it be not in the former Act; and also, Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the for an Appeal; to be made Part of the Bill. Committee, That the House be resolved into a Committee

again Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the Considera-Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Pri- tien of the Bill for laying an Imposition on Proceedings vileges, the State of the Case, and Evidence on both Sides, in Courts of Law, and other Courts; and that, next alter

in the Cause touching a Breach of Privilege between Sir John Knight a Member of this House, and Air. Knight the Mayor of Bristoli; and, That, upon Examination and Hearing of the whole Matter, the Committee w ere of Opinion, that Mr. Knight, the Mayor of Bristoli was not guilty of any Breach of Privilege.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, That Mr. Knight the Mayor of Bristoli was not guilty of any Breach of Privilege;

It passed in the Negative.

And so, the Opinion of the House being, that the Mayor of Bristoli was guilty of the Breach of Privilege laid to his Charge; and being now at Liberty, upon Security to appear;

Resolved, &c. That Air. Knight the Mayor of Bristoli be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Breach of Privilege.

the Report of the Amendments to the additional Bill

against Conventicles is made.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

following be Wey Navi- Bill concern- tution-

Sir H'iUiam

Supply Bill; Law Proceedings.

Conventicles.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for an Imposition upon Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts, the lirst Business Tomorrow Morning.

ORDERED, That these Alembers added to the Committee to which the ing the River Wey, is committed;

Lout her, Sir John Knight, Mr. MasSir Solomon Swale, Mr. Morris, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Sir

John Talbot, Sir John Coriton, Mr. CIt ike, Colonel/Vd/-lipps, Mr. Merccll, Sir John Lawther, Sir Gilbert

Air. Hobby, Mr. Price, Mr. Sprye, Mr. Johns, Colonel Kirtby, Mr. Darcye, Mr. Ph, Mr. Tregonwell.

Air. Crouch reports from tire Committee to which the Hacktt’i Bill, sent from the Lords, on the Behalf of Sir Andrew Estate.

1 locket, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be Ordered, That the Report of the additional Bill against made *° the said Bill: \\ hich were, upon the Question, Conventicles be made on Thursday next, at Ten of the ’ and , ’ 1 die Amendments, read tire

Clock, nothing to intervene. lhird time’ and ordered to be returned to the Lords.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, be revived; and do sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 29° die Martii, 1671.

Praters.

House to sit.

Sir Solom. Swale reports from the Committee to which Building the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for build- Arundell ing ArundcllHouse and Tenements thereunto belonging, "ouse’

That the Committee had perused the Bill, and returned it without any Alteration.

A Bill for taking an Account of Sixty thousand Pounds, Indigent and other Alonies, given to the loyal and indigent Of- Officers, fleers, was read a l hird time: And some Amendments agreed and made at the Table.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the

D£SOL VED, See. That the House do sit this After- T itle be, An Act for taking the Accounts of Sixty thou-noon, for the Dispatch of such Bills and Reports sand Pounds, and other Alonies, given to the loyal and as are ready: And that the ingrossed Bill touching To- indigent Officers: And Mr. Saudis is to carry up the Bill bacco, be read. to the Lords.

Supply Bill; Law Proceedings.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the A Bill to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in Tobaec*.

whole House, upon the Bill for laying an Imposition on and for regulating the Plantation Trade, was read a Third u-----1: — *' — -X- f — .....1 .1 — r - ..... time.

Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the Committee, That, in their Progress upon the said Bill, they met with some Clauses of such Difficulty, which required some Informations from Persons without Doors; and therefore humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would impower and enable them, to inform themselves of such Persons as they Should think fit, as to any Clauses in the Bill where they find any Difficulty.

Resolved, See. That the House doth agree with the said Committee, That they be impowered and enabled to inform themselves of such Persons as they shall think fit, Friday Morning, as to any Clauses in the Bill where they find any Difficulty.

Then the House resolved into a Committee of whole Blouse, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the said Committee,

Ui

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the Farmers of the Customs, was twice read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

Upon the Division of the House,

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An additional Act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better settling of Intestates Estates.

Resolved, tkc. That the Bill be read a Second time, on Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That, the Committee to which the Bill for Making the regulating the making of Serges, was committed, be erSei>* revived; and do sit and proceed on that Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Manor of - Clarke’*

ton, for Payment of the Debts of Sir William Clarke, E»tote-was read a Third time.

Resolved,

Intestate*

Estates.

fi

io.

r-

Ti;

T

1*

H

It

ir.

i\

(S

23 Car. II. 20* — 3b0 Mar Hi. 227

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling the Manor of,

lor Payment of the Debts of Sir // Clarke.

foreign Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Birch, to bring Aiu»u. jn a i>in tbr encouraging foreign Artists to come into

OO vj

England, for improving the Manufacture of this Nation, notwithstanding the Laws and Privileges of the Corporations of London.

Odes The ingrossed Bill, on the Behalf of Sir Thomas,

Late, was read the Third time.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of Sir Robert Came, was thrice read, and agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, Sic. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Manors, Lands, and Leases of Sir Thom. Ogle Knight, deceased, for raising a Portion and present Maintenance for his Daughter and Heir; and Payment of his Debts.

Home to sit. Ordered, That the House sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Fishery. Ordered, That the Bill of Fishery be read Tomorrow in the Afternoon, the first Business.

Workhouses. Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning the

Workhouses be read the second Business, Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Fuvln- a»d Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to prevent Frauds in telLojjCaule. Buying and Selling ol Cattle, be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 30* die Martii, 1671.

Praters.

Harlaken- A BILL for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas deu's Esute. ±\_ Ilarlakenden Esquire, for Satisfaction of a Debt due

to his Majesty, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Austin, Sir Will. Lowt her, Sir John Knight, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Sprye, Mr. AshSir Copit Sir

John Talbot, Sir Char. HarborMr. Colonel Birch,

Sir Robert Atkins, Colonel Sir Robert Carr, Mr.

Mervill, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Guy, Mr. Jay, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Robert Long, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Neale, Lord Richardson, Mr. Chalmondley, Mr. Henley, Sir Thom.Dolman, Mr. Price, Sir John Lozcther, Mr. Crouch, Sir Will. Do-yley, Mr. Colonel Kirby, Dr. Harwell, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Colonel Sir

Thom. Woodcockc, Sir John Strode, Sir Sir

Will. Buck nidi, and all that serve for the several Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Essex: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Houses burnt A Bill for determining Differences touching Houses iaLwukm. burned down or blown up, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Pill be committed to Lord

chardson, Sir Thomas Alien, Sir Harbord, Sir Robert

Carr, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Irby, Sir Lee, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir John Lowt Colonel Sir Hugh

If "uidbam, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Edward Massey, Sir John

Knight, Mr. Bence, Sivjohn Birkenhead, Mr. Sir

If id. Lowt her, Sir John Talbott, Mr Doctor

well, Mr. Crouch, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Mr.

Maynard, Sir Edm. Pye, Sir Mr. Neale,

Sir Tl10.Allen, Sir John BeMr. Mr. Hobby,

Mr. Henley, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Hampden, Sir Henry Herbert, Col. Birch, Mr. Deh, Sir JViche, Sir Joseph Ash, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Thom. Sir

H ill.Coventry, Mr. Wood, Mr. Pleydall, Sir John Duncombe, Sir Phil. H’ancicke, Mr. Morris, Sir Rucknall,

Sir Eduard Massey, Mr. LovTrclaxvny, Sir Fen-.

wide, Mr. Newport, and all the Members that serve for Surrey, Middlesex, and London: And they are to meet

Vo L. IX.

Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to consider, whether the City of London do desire the Continuance of the former Judicature only, without inlarging it; and report the Matter to the House: And also to consider of a Relief for such whose Houses have been blown up by Command of publick Authority: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records:

An ingrossed Bill, to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and elsewhere, was read: 8eUu)SCattle*

And some Amendments agreed and made at the Table.

A Proviso on Behalf of the County of Lincobie was read.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Proviso, against making Compositions for Offences, was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and elsewhere: And Mr.

Cheney is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Crotteh reports from the Committee to which the Conventiclw. additional Bill to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles, was recommitted, some Amendments agreed to by the Committee, to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Clause being tendered, to forbear the Imposing of the Clauses in the Act of Uniformity, for subscribing a Form of Assent, and Consent, and Abjuring the Covenant;

And being to repeal Part of an Act; and brought in without Leave;

The Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Proviso of this Nature;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That there be an Addition for the Offenders against the Act to be included in the Clause of Indemnity, as well as those that have over-acted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Sir Robert Howard, lFortheYeas

Sir Thom. Lee, j> 1 or the i eas, 53.

Sir Robert Carr, 1 T. v

Mr. Lnu. Hide. j For thence., 77-

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Debtor?

Will. Beversham; Relief.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Release of poor Prisoners for Debt: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Fines and the better Collecting and Answering of Fines and For- Forfeiture*.

O O

feitures payable to his Majesty, wets committed, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, Committee*, be revived; to sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Resolved, That the House do Tomorrow, at Nine Supply Bill; of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole I-aw Pro-House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the ce«dlDSs*

Bill for an Imposition on Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tiens do sit this Afternoon. of Privileges*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

cu8

IPr

31° Mar Hi.-

Veneris, 31* die Martii, 1671;

AYERS.

t tWilege*

1671.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The Question being put, That the Bill sent from the ^testate*

si

T

R, Robert II(heard reports from the Committee to lords for better settling Intestates Estates, be read;

which the Matter upon the Petition of Sir John tyman was committed, That the Committee had examined and heai*d all Parties concerned; and examined the Matter complained of in the Petition; and did find, that the Petitioner could not make good any of the Matters therein suggested, either against Sir Edward or Mr. Clayton, " that they had sold or disposed the Lands mentioned in the Petition at under Value, or otherwise injured, or broken their Agreement with the Petitioner in the leastAnd that the Committees had commanded Report thereof to be made to the House,

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Sir John Brampston,

Mr. Neale,

Mr. Powle,

Sir Thomas Lee,

The Bill was read a Second time; and committed to Sir Robert Car, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Attorney Mountague, Sir JMr. Lord Obrian, Sir Francis Clerke, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edm.

For the Yeas, 28. For the Noes, 13.

for the Vindication of the said Sir Edward Hungerford, Pye, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir John

and Air. Clayton.

Resolved, &c. That Committee in the Report abovementioned.

this House doth agree with the

Rouse to sit. Resolved, See. That the House do sit this Afternoon.

Supply Bill;

Law Proceedings.

naby, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Henley, Mr. Pawle, Sir Thom. Smith, Mr. Mr. Nosworthy, Col. Kirby,

Air. Vaughan, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Charles Harbord,

Nr. Neale, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Thomas, Sir John Brampston, Sir Birkenhead, S\r\Thom. Allen, Lord Richardson, Doctor Burwell, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Ford, Mr. Sprye,

Then the House resolved into a Committee of the Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Coplesion whole House, upon the Bill for laying Impositions on Bampfield, Colonel and all the Gentlemen of the

Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts. Long Robe, and all that serve for Cornwall and Devon:

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. And all that shall come axe to have Voices: And to meet

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee. Tomorrow it Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Air. Speaker resumed the Chair. Speaker’s Chamber, in order to send Summons for such

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the said Committee, Persons as they shall think fit; but not to proceed upon That they had made some further Progress in the said the Bill till Tuesday next, and to send for Persons, Papers,

Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that and Records, the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole

House, to proceed further therein Tomorrow Alorning, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Swford Ten of the Clock. Privileges, concerning the Election for Seaford, be made Ekctioa.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- Tomorrow Alorning, the First Business, mittee, that the House will resolve into a Committee

Tomorrow Alorning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Pi eventing the further Consideration of the Bill, for [«] laying Im- whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool, E*Port«f positions on Proceedings in Law, and other Courts; was committed, be heard Tomorrow Morning. "°°L

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

on Lroceetungs in Law, and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Alatter concerning Air. Thomas was referred, be made Tomorrow Alorning.

Resolved, &c. That the House do sit on Saturday and Monday, both Forenoon and Afternoon, upon the Bill for laying Impositions in Courts of Law, and other Courts; and that, at Ten of the Clock in the Alorning, whatever Business be then in Debate, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned for Three of the Clock, Afternoon.

Sabbati, 1* die Aprilis, 1671.

Prayers.

Post Meridiem.

Workhouses. SIR John Birkenhead reports from the Committee to which the Bill for settling the Workhouses, and setting the Poor on Work, was committed, several Clauses, by way of Amendment, agreed to be made Part of the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: And the Three first Clauses were twice read; and, with some Alterations upon the Question, agreed, and made at the Table.

The Clause of Amendment, for such as are Justices not to be Alembers of the Corporation, was twice read: And some Amendments agreed thereto, upon the Question

tu. r\_______l ______.. n'l... *i._ ri__ 1...____i

SI R Robert Howard reports from the Committee, the ThonW State of the Case, and the Evidence therein, on both Petition. Sides, between Sir Edw. Thomas Baronet, and Air. Thomas, a Alember of this House, his Son, upon the Petition of the said Sir Edw. Thomas :And that the Committee, upon Examination of the whole Alatter, were of Opinion, that there is no sufficient Cause for the preferring of the said Petition.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree in Opinion with the Committee, that there is no sufficient Cause for the preferring of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Knight Esquire, Afayor of Bristoll, Privilege — was read. Petition from.

Resolved, &c. That the said John Knight Esquire, *u^rf,n in Mayor of the City of Bristoll, be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, and set at Liberty.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill;

The Question being put, That the Clause be agreed; whole House, to proceed in the Bill for an Imposition on Law l’n>-

The House divided The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Sir JWmston Churchill,

Sir John Brampston,

Sir Thomas Meeres,

Mr. Onslow,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The last Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

1

J

FortheYeas, 30. For the Noes, 26.

Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts. feeding*.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the said Bill.

Mr. Powle reports from the Committee to wrhom the Preventing Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool was committed, |^rt ot

some

[a] AH from the Word i( for*9 to the Paragraph beginning with these Words, u The Clause of Amendment," is crossed with a Pen, as if intended to be struck out; but for what Reason cannot be guessed at, it appearing manifestly necessary the Matter Should stand.

23 Car. II.

3° — 40

229

<s

gome Amendments, agreed to by the Committee, to be Biade to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; -and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being twice read, and agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Three of tfre Clock Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

Bill- THE House then resolved into a Committee of the Law*Pro- ' " hole House, upon the further Consideration of the Bill ccedmgs. for an Imposition on Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 3° die Aprilis, 1671.

PrA VERS.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Sprye,

Sir Thomas Metres, Mr. Attorney Mcuntague, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Edit. Decring, Sir Robert liincard, Sir

Robert Atkins, Mr. Milli ard, Sir C ll 'iche, Mr. Cheney,

Sir Rich.Temple, or any Three of them, to prepare and

bring in the Clause aforesaid: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for Information for that Purpose; and to report the same Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that Barry, Servant Privilege, to Sir Freshevill Hollis, was arrested by William Greene Bailiff, and now remains in his Custody;

Ordered, That the Examination of this Business be referred to Mr. Speaker, to do therein as he shall think fit, according to former Orders of this House in like Case.

The Question being put, That Leave be given for Putney bringing in a Bill for laying an Imposition, for erecting Bridge, a Bridge over the River of Thames about Putney,

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir FretzvileHollis, j

Sir John Beimet,

Mr. Cheney, j

Sir Thom. Lee, J

for the Yeas, 71. for the Noes, 30.

d

Jtl

, C1

ittf

Fee-farm

Rents.

Making

Serges.

Poor

Apprentices.

Conventicles.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for vesting some small Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, in Trustees, was read.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Ford reports from the Committee, to which die Bill for regulating the making of Serges, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made, and a Clause to added, to the Bill: Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: And the same being twice read, and agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, and Clause agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause upon the Debates of the House, for the Relief and Benefit of the poorer sort of People, to enable Gentlemen to take their Children Apprentices: And is is referred to Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. haseowen, Sir Edu\ Decring, to consider of, and bring in the said Clause.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill against Conventicles,# be read on JFednesday Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Serjeant Charlton reports from the Committee of Elec- Seatbrd tiens, the State of the Case, and the Evidence on either Election-Side, in the Matter touching the Election of Seaford in the County of Sasser, betw een Sir Nicholas Pelham and Mr. Amhurst: And that the only Point in Question before the Committee being, which of them had the Majority of Voices, the Committee, upon Examination of the Matter, were of Opinion, that Sir Nicholas Pelham had the Majority of Voices, and so was duly elected.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Nicholas Pelham was duly elected, and ought to sit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mortis, 4* die Aprilis, 1671.

P it

a v k n s.

Debtors

Relief.

The Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Release of poor distressed Prisoners, was read a First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better regulating of the Workhouse*.

Workhouses, and for setting the Poor on Work, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the

Title be, An Act for the better regulating of the Work-houses, and for setting the Poor on Work.

Supply Bill; The House then resolved into a Committee of the Law Pr°- whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of cee "'s‘‘ the Bill for an Imposition on Proceedings in Courts ot Law, and other Courts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the IIoi:*e would appoint some Persons to prepare and bring in a Clause for the collecting the Duties in the Bill, by die respective proper Officer in -their sev eral Offices.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a Clause he prepared and brought in for the collecting of the Duties in the Bill, by the respective proper Officer in their several Offices: -

Vol. IX.

An ingrossed Bill sent from the Lords, for building BuiMin<r Arunddl House, and Tenements thereto belonging, was Arundril read the Third time. House.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to; ami the Bill returned to the Lords by Sir Robert Howard.

An ingrossed Bill for Preservation of the Game, and Preservation for securing of W arrens not inclosed, and for the several 1,1 Came. Fishings of this Realm, was read: And some Amendments were, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the T itle be, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, and for securing Warrens not inclosed, and the several Fishings of this Realm.

Ordered, That no oilier Business be received this Limitation of Meeting, besides what is ahead)' brought in Business.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Steward, Sir Job Charlton, impositions Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Rou te, Sir Thom.Let. Mr. Miheard, on Courts of

Mr. Buscozven, Col. Birch, be added to the Committee Justice-

3 M appointed

Intestate*

Estates.

London Paving, See,

Putney

Bridge.

230

appointed to bring in & Clause for collecting the Impositions on Courts of Justice by the proper Officer.

Ordered, That Sir James Smith, Sir Rich. Sir

Edw. Progers, Mr. Finch, Sir Churchill, Mr.

Geo. Mountague, be added to the Committee to which

the Bill for the better settling of Intestates Estates, was committed.

A Bill for perpetuating the Powers contained in the Clause of an Act for rebuilding the City of London, was lead.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for building another Bridge over the River of Thames, was read.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Higgons, 1 - , v Sir Winston Churchill, J r e eas’ ^4*

| For the Noes, 67.

4® — 50 — 6°

A. 1671.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for settling the Cornwall Assizes for the County of Cornwall, be made Tomorrow *lze8. Morning.

The ingrossed Bill to prevent and suppress seditious Coavantide*. Conventicles, was read.

And some Amendments, upon the Question, agreed; and made at the Table.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Noes go out.

Tellers,

Sir Jonath. Trelawny,

Sir Robert Holt,

Lord St. Joint,

Sir Robert Howard,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An additional Act to prevent and suppress seditious Conventicles: And Mr. Crouch is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Fee-farm

Rents.

General Nat. Bill.

Sir Edtn. Bowyer,

Mr. Jones,

And so it passed in tire Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill for Sale of Fee-farm Rents, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill of general Naturalization, be read Tomorrow Morning, next after the Bill Conventicles.

| For the Yeas, 74. 1 For the Noes, 53.

against

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Nath. Hobart and Sir Will. Beversham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, Duke of intituled, An Act for explaining of a Proviso contained Yorke’s in an Act, intituled, An Act for settling the Profits of Revenue, the Post Office, and Power of granting Wine Licences, on his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke, and the Heirs Males of his Body: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they Hacketi’s have agreed to the Amendments to Sir Eslate*

Bill.

Mercttrii, 50 die 1671-

Prayers.

Howaid’s A BILL on the Behalf of Charles Howard Esquire,

Estate. i\ and Mary his Wife, to levy and suffer Fines and

Recoveries, was read.

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fines and Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for the better Forfeitures. Recovery and collecting of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty, be heard the First Business Tomorrow Morning.

Fee-farm An ingrossed Bill for the vesting certain Fee-farm Rents. Rents, and other Rents, in Trustees, was read the Second time; and, upon the Question, ordered to be committed.

A Clause for the better Satisfaction of Purchasers was twice read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the said Clause, be committed to Sir John Sir Robert

Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Sir Thom.

Holman, Sir John Knight, Sir Talbot, Mr. Att. Mountague, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir

Hugh Windham, Sir Thom. Strickland, Sir Gilbert Gerrand. Sir Solomon Sxoale, Sir Doctor Burnell,

Sir Will. Doy/ey, Colonel Sandis, Mr. Wood, Sir Thom. A fee res, Sir Will. Hayward, Sir Rich. Braham, Lord Hawley, Mr. Harbord, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Cordon, Sir Edw. Decring, Mr. Newport, Colonel

Air. Austin, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Ashley, Sir Phil. Warwicke, Sir Thom. CSir Robert Carr, Sir John Heath, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Sprye: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is referred to the Committee to take care and make Provisions for Exemption of the Queen’s Jointure, by some Clause or Amendment to be made to the Bill.

Houses burnt Ordered, That the Report of the Bill touching the in London. Judicature for Houses hunted In London and Southwarke, he heard Tomorrow Morning.

Increase of Ordered, That the Report of the Bill to preserve the Timber. Growth of Timber, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

The ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, of general General Nat. Naturalization, was read. Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, on Friday next, after Ten, and before Twelve of the Clock.

The ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for explain- Duke of ing of a Proviso contained in an Act, intituled, An Act Yorke’s lor settling the Profits of the Post Office, and Power of Re,enue* granting W inc Licences, on his ltoyal Highness the Duke of Yorke, and flic Heirs Alales of his Body, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c* That the Bill he read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die April is, 1671.

Prayers.

SIR Robert Carr reports from the Committee, to Fine*and which the Bill for the better Recovery and collecting Forfeiture:. of Pines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, was committed, several Amendments to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which were tw ice read, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso, for saving Rights of Corporations, and other Rights, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Another Proviso, to make the Bill temporary, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Clergis reports from the Committee, to House* bunt which the Bill for determining Differences touching inLoudw. Houses burned, was committed, several Amendments:

Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition

231

6° — 7° Aprilis.

23 Car. II.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Savoy was tendered, and received, touching Houses burneid down in the Savoy by the late Fire there.

Privilege. Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege committed against Mi-. Collin by arresting and detaining John Sumners, his menial Servant, at the Suit of Sarah Corker;

Ordered That the Matter be referred to Mr. Speaker, to examine; and, if he find the Person arrested to be the menial Servant of Mr. Collingwood, and ought to be privileged, to give Order for his Discharge.

Supply Bill; Sir Robert Atkins reports from the Committee, to

Medio* which *t was referred to prepare and bring in a Clause for collecting the Imposition upon Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts, by the proper Officer; several Clauses to that Purpose, agreed at the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Another Clause, for regulating Fees, was delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and read.

Another Clause, touching indorsing Damages on the Records, was delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and read.

Resolved, Ac. That the several Clauses, reported, and delivered in, and" read, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House.

Veneris, 7* die Aprilis, 1671*

Praters.

THE Amendments, reported, to the Bill for Deter- Hoose* bnmf mination of Differences touching Houses burnt in London, down, were twice read: And all the several Amendments, except the Second; for leaving out the Places within the Weekly Bill of Mortality, were, upon the Question, agreed to-.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the several Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, or any Three of them, to bring in a Clause for Relief of such Persons, whose Houses have been blown up, by Command.

The ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Duke of Act for settling the Profits of the Post Office, and Power Yorke’* of granting Wine Licences, on his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke, and the Heirs Males of his Body, was read the Second time.

And no Exception being taken thereto;

Resolved, A c. That the Bill be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ditt*. The House then resolved into a Committee of the

whole House, upon the Bill for laying Impositions on Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the said Committee, That the Committee had taken Consideration of the Clauses to them referred; and had made a considerable Progress therein: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would appoint some Persons to draw up a Clause, for Accounts to be made upon Oath of such Duties as Should be received (other than the Duties to be received out of any of the Courts of Record); and for securing the said Duties in such manner as they shall think fit: And also to consider of the Clause, for regulating of Fees in Courts of Justice: And to bring in a Clause for His Majesty to issue out a Commission to such Commissioners as he shall think fit, to inquire what Fees are due; and whether any Fees have been, of late, exacted, more than are due: And to consider w hat Fees are fit to he allowed: And to return a Certificate of their Proceedings and Opinions therein to His Majesty, and His Two Houses of Parliament: And also to consider of a Clause, for taking off the Duty upon Informations in Criminal Causes: And to report the Matter to the House.

Resolved, Ac. That it be referred to the Persons formerly appointed to prepare and bring in a Clause, for the Collecting the Duties imposed on Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Clause, for Accounts to be made upon Oath for such Duties as shall be received (other than the Duties to be received out of any of the Courts of Record); and for securing the said Duties in such manner as they shall think fit: And also to consider of the Clause for regulating of Fees in Courts of Justice: And also to bring in a

Clause, for his Majesty to issue out a Commission to such Commissioners as lie shall think fit, to inquire w hat Fees are due; and whether any Fees have been, of late, exacted, more than are due: And to what Fees are fit to

be allowed: And to return a Certificate of their Proceedings, and Opinions therein, to His Majesty, and His Two Houses of Parliament: And also to consider of a Clause for taking off’the Duty upon Informations in Criminal Causes: And to report the Mutter the House.

Resolved, Ac. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for laving an /nrposition on Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock. Vox. IK.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Billj w hole House, upon the Bill for laying Impositions on Law Pro-Courts of Law, and other Courts. ceedings.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and were ready to make their Report, as soon as they Should be commanded.

Resolved, Ac. That the House do sit this Aftqrnoon, at Three of the Clock, to receive the Report from the Committee of the whole House, of the Bill for an Imposition on Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Exporting of Wool, be read Tomorrow Morning, the First Business. Wool.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That Leave be given, instead of the Lond. n Amendments, to report the Agreements upon the Bill Ministers, concerning the Maintenance of Ministers.

A Bill to enable Charles Howard, and his Wife, Howard’s

to levy and suffer a Fine and Recovery, was read the Estate. Second time.

Resolved, Aq. That the Bill be committed to Lord Richardson, Sir William Coventry, Sir Irby, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. J/orris, Mr. Merrill, Mr. llobby. Colonel Titus, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Henley, Sir Mr. C Touch, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Cheney, Sir Sob an.

Swale, Lord Aungier, Sir Robert Steward, Sir John 'Talbot, Sir Edw. Bish, Mr. Steward, Sir Edw.

Sir John Knight, Mr. JHusgrave, Sir John Coventry, Sir

John Norton, and all the Alembers of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Surry and Berks: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report for settling the Assizes for the Cornwall County of Cornwall, be heard Tomorrow Assizes.

Sir Robert Atkins reports from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, the several Amendments, Clauses, and Pro- Law Provisoes, agreed by the Committee to be made, and added, to the Bill for an Imposition on Proceedings in Courts of

Law,

7°~80 — io" Aprilis.

232

Law, and other Courts: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which were twice read; and, with some Amendment# agreed and made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, &c. That when this Bill, for an Imposition on Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts, is presented to His Majesty, Mr. Speaker do intimate to

A. 1671.

Lutub, 10° die Aprilis, 1671.

Praters.

rT', HE Bill for perpetuating the Powers contained in London

X the Clause in an Act for rebuilding the City of Paving, 4cc. London, touching Pavements and Sewers, in the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, was read a Second time [a].

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert His Majesty, that the Time for Continuance of the said Steward, Mr. Mr. Mr. Jolliffe, Sir

Bill, and Duties hereby given, was enlarged, in Con- Rich. Wiseman, Mr. Mr. Mr.

temptation of the Debt due to the Prince of Orange; Wood, Sir Will. Thompson, Sir Alien, Mr.

which his Majesty has owned, and engaged to pay. risott, Mr. Maynard, Mr. St. John, Sir Solom.

Resolved, kc.That Mr. Speaker do, at the Presenting Mr- Jones, Mr. Mr. Sprye, Sir

of the said Bill, in the Name of the House, humbly desire Thom. Clergis, Sir John Knight, Colonel Birch, Mr.

" ~ . - — .....Marvell, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Bence, Mr. Mr.

dall, Mr. Sands, Sir Henry Herbert, Mr. Wright, 'Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Irby, Sir Coventry, Mr. Head,

Sir John Mr. Love, Dr. Burnell, Sir Robert

Holt, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir Mr. Low,

Colonel Titus, Mr. Grey, Mr. Sir

Mr. Morris, Colonel Sir Winston Churchill, and

all the Members that serve for the City of London:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

His Majesty to take Order, that the Value of the Aids given by this, and the other Acts, be applied towards Satisfaction of His Majesty’s Debts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 8° die Aprilis, 1671-

Prayers.

preventing Export of Wool.

Tines and Forfeitures.

THE additional Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, was read a Third time. Resolved, kc. That the said Bill do pass: And that

Sir William Doyley reports from the Committee, to Uarkken-whom the Bill for the enabling Mr. Harlakcnden to sell den s Estat#

the Title be, An additional Act for the better preventing Lands for the Payment of a Debt due to his Majesty, the Exportation of Wool. was committed, several Alterations and Amendments

agreed to be made to the said Bill: Which he read, in The ingrossed Bill for the better and more certain his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty, Clerk’s Table: Which being twice read, were, upon the was read. Question, severally agreed unto;

Resolved, kc. That the said Bill do pass: And that Resolved, kc. That the said Bill, with the Amend-the Title be, An Act for the better and more certain ments, be ingrossed.

Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty:

And that Mr. Howard do carry up the Bill to the Lords

jNt

i:

Houses burnt The ingrossed Bill for Determination of Differences in London, touching the Houses burnt or demolished within Four Years since the late dreadful Fire in London, was read.

A Proviso, on the Behalf of the Brother's Lodgings in the Savoy, was tendered; and read the First and Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed to be added to the Bill.

Resolved, kc. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Determination of Differences touching Houses burnt or demolished w ithin Four Years since the late dreadful Fire in London.

Houses Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the Relief of

destroyed to those, whose Houses have been blown up, to prevent stop the tire r c r- rr

1 the Increase of Five.

in London,

Duke of

Yorke’s

Revenue.

Making

Serges.

Cornwall

Assizes.

Ordered \That the Bill for settling the Profits of the Post Office, and Power of granting Wine Licences, on his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke, be read a Third time on Monday Morning.

The ingrossed Bill for the better making of Serges, was read.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Robert Carr reports from the Committee, to which the Bill for settling the Assizes for the County of Cornwall, w'as committed, some Amendments agreed to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place;

The ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Debtor* for Relief and Release of poor Prisoners in Debt, was Relief, read a Second time.

Resolved, kc. That the said Bill be committed to Sir ' Robert Howard, Colonel Reames, Colonel Sir

Solomon Swale, Mr. Crouch, Col. Sands, Sir 7 homes Allot,

Lord Richardson, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Trelawny,

Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Mountague, Sir 1! 'arzeiek,

Sir John Kandy, Doctor Arris, Sir John Coriton, Mr.

Ford, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Newport, Mr. Mr. Hobby,

Mr. Buscowcn, Mr. Sprye, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir

Carr, Sir Char. Hurbord, Sir Edw. Sir Gilbert

Talbot, Doctor Burnell, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir John Knight, Mr Henley, Sir Thom.Lee, Sir Ed in Windham,

Sir John Fredrieke, Sir John Burnaby, Colonel Mr.

Morris, and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex and And all

that come are to have Voices: And they have Power to bring in a Clause to be added to the Bill, if they think fit, of the Nature of a Clause now tendered to the House, concerning the binding-out of poor Children to Apprenticeships: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. '

The ingrossed Bill for laying Impositions on Proceed- Supply Bill; ings at Law, w as read the Third time. ^ro*

A Clause being offered to be added to the Bill, that cee in°*’ for every Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiastical Dignities, to pay Fifteen Shillings: Which, being thrice read, wras inserted in the Bill, bein<j omitted in the

and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’sfl able: Report of the Impositions from the Committee of the

And the same being twice read, and agreed;

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

whole House.

A Proviso being tendered, that no Latitats out of the King’s Bench be valid, without a Bill of first

issued;

The Question being put, That tills Proviso be read; It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso,

23 Car. II*

10

ir

A prills.

233

A Proviso, for preventing vexatious Suits, was read a Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General Sir George First, Second, and Third time; and agreed to be made Downing, Mr. Att. A Mr. Coventry, Mr.

t

ik

Part of the Bill.

A Proviso, to prevent malicious and vexatious Informations and Indictments, was read a First and Second time.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Lord St. John, j

Sir Robert Holt,

Sir /nil. Terringham, j Mr. Progers,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying Impositions on Proceedings at Law: And that Sir Robert Atkins do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

For the Yeas, 60* For the Noes, 67.

Child- A Message from the Ixjrds, by Sir John Cocll and Sir

Healing. William Beversham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent stealing and transporting Children, and other Persons; with some Alterations and Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Lords desire Also their Lordships have commanded us to acquaint »Conference, the House, that they desire a Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock, upon the Bill of Impositions on foreign Commodities:

And also a Conference touching an Address to be made to his Majesty.

The Messengers being withdrawn; and called in again; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, that this House did agree with their Lordships to the Conference on the Bill of Impositions upon foreign Commodities; and that, for the other Part of the Message, for a Conference touching the Address to be made to his Majesty, they would send Answ er by Messengers of their own.

The House taking into Consideration the Message, sent down from the Lords, fora Conference touching an Address to be made to his Majesty; which not mentioning the Subject Matter of the said Address;

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Thomas Sir

John Birkenhead, Sir Rich.Temple, Sir 'Thomas Lee, Mr. Waller, S ir Char. Ilarbord, Sir Robert Carr, to search the Books for Precedents concerning Messages between both Houses; and report the same Tomorrow Morning.

Vaughan, Sir Robert Carr, Mr Waller, Sir Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Phil. Karxeieke, Sit Robert How-

ard, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir H ill. Coventry, Colonel Birch,

Mr. Alilward, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Thom. Aieeres, Sir

Thorn* Littleton, Sir Edw. Deering, do manage the Conference, to be had with the Lords, upon the Bill of Impositions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Beversham Lords desir* and Sir Jo. Cocll; a Conference.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that the Lords having received, from the House of Commons, an Answer to the Message, sent to them Yesterday; which Answer their Lordships conceive so unparliamentary that they could not proceed in that Conference; and desire a Conference, upon that Answer, in the Painted Chamber, at Five of the Clock this Afternoon: At which time their Lordships will be sitting; and desire, that the House of Commons will be sitting also.

The Messengers being withdraw n; and called in again;

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, that this House had considered of their Message; and did agree to the Lords to the Conference, at Five of the Clock this Afternoon.

The House then resumed the Debate upon the Bill Intestate* concerning Intestates Estates. Estate*.

Ordered, That the further Debate thereof be adjourned till the Afternoon.

Ordered, That all Committees, Afternoon, be adjourned.

that were to sit this Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock Afternoon.

Post Meridiem*

THE Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for IM« of explaining a Proviso contained in an Act for settling the Yorke’s Profits of the Post Office, and Power of granting Wine ^eveuuB* Licences, on his Royal Highness the Duke of and the Heirs Males of his Body, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question, passed.

Ordered, That Sir Fake. Massey, Mr. Glascocke, Mr. Debtor* Alilvard, Mr. Roberts, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill lor Relief and Release of poor Prisoners, is committed.

Intestates Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning Eiiate*. Intestates Estates, be made Tomorrow Morning, the First Business.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the River Wey,

Navigation. jje mac]e tj,e next Business.

Howes de- Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of such, whose Houses

strayed to were 5jowl) up or otherwise demolished, to prevent the Hop the rire T rr.- , 1 r

in London. Increase ol lire, be read the First tune next alter.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Marlis, 11° die

JnMatet

ItUM,

Pra ye its.

MU. Crouch reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, A/l Act for the better settling of Intestates Estates, was committed, several Amendments to be made to the said Bill; Which he read, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

A Proviso, for continuing the Ordinary to grant Administrations cum Testamentoannc.ro, was read the First,

eco»d, and Third time-; and agreed to be made Part of the mu.

Vol. IX.

Sir Solomon Swale reports from the Committee, to Howard* whom the Bill to enable Charles Howard Esquire, and ^ittU8' Mary his Wife, to levy and suffer a Fine and Recovery, was committed, some Alterations and Amendments to be made to the said Bill: Which he read, in his Place; and altenvards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table;

And the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Bill con- Intestate* ceming Intestates Estates. Estates.

And the Bill, Amendments, and Provisoes, were read a Third time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes, do pass: And that Mr. Crouch do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

The ingrossed Bill for holding the Summer Assizes fof Cornwall the County of Cornwall at Bodmin, was read a Third time. Assi*«, The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The Flouse divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Jonath. Trelawny,

Mr. Roberts,

Sir John Coriton,

Mr. Vaughan,

1

For die Y ea s, 40-For die Noes, u

3 N

S?

0

»34

n

J? -12

.167!.

So it wasresolved, That the Bill do pass: And that 'they conceive there is hardly a Precedent to be found, the Title be, An Act for holding the Summer Assizes for where, by a Message, (before any Conference) the Lords, the County of Cornwall at Bodmyn: And that Sir Jonat.or Commons have called any thing unparliamentary

Trelawnydo carry up the Bill to the Lords. nt*rl

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, upon

Navigation; ^e Bill concerning the River ll'ey, be heard the First Business Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning blowing up and demolishing of Houses, to prevent the Increase of Fire, be read next after.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, be read next after them.

Houses destroyed to top the Fir* in London.

Preventing Profanation of Sunday.

Ordered, That the Persons, formerly appointed, do attend, and deliver the Message of the House, at a Conference.

Sir Robert Howard reports, That, according to the Commands of the^llouse, they had attended; and read, and delivered, the Message of this House to the Lords.

A Bill concerning Houses blown up, to prevent the Spreading of Fire, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Houses destroyed to stop the Fire in London.

Conference — Foreign Commodities JJrli.

Ordered, That the Members appointed to manage the Conference upon the Bill of Impositions on foreign Commodities, be appointed Managers for the Conference to be had with the Lords this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock.

The House then went up to attend the Conference accordingly.

Sir Robert Howard reports, That they had attended the Conference; and that *.

Upon Debate of die Report of the Conference;

Resolved, &c. That a Conference be desired with die Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference:

And that Sir Robert Carr do go up to the Lords to desire presented to His Majesty:

An ingrossed Bill for the Observation of the Lord's Preventing Day, was read. Piotanatwa

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the ul buuJdy-Title be, an Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day: And Sir Charles Harbordis to carry up die Bill to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Turner and Conference — Mr. Baron Littleton; Foreign

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to desire a Commodities Conference with this House, presently, in the Painted Chamber, upon die Bill for an additional Imposition on foreign Commodities; and concerning an Address to be

J* 1

a Conference.

XVey

Navigation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Aprilis, 1671.

Praters.

SIR John Brampston reports from the Committee, to which the Bill for settling the Navigation of die River JVey, was committed, that the Committee had many

And to let the House know, that this is the same Message, which was then directed by the House of Peers, and delivered to their Messengers, in Writing, all but the Time.

The Messengers being withdrawn; and called in again;

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had considered of the Message; and did agree to a present Conference to be had with the Lords, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference, be appointed to manage this Conference with the Lords.

The House then went up to attend the Conference

& k I t

Meetings, and fully heard all Parties interested and con- accordingly

cemed; had, by Agreement concluded and brought in a Mr. Attorney General reports from the Conference, Bill to the Satis actionot all Parties: Ihe Effect ot which That the Managers had attended the Conference with he opened, in his Place; together with some Provisoes foe Lords - where also agreed: Which were delivered in at the Clerk’s

the Lords; where their Lordships opened themateii.il , . , ... , Amendments, that they had made to the said Bill of Im-

Table; and twice read; and, upon the Question, severally positions on foreign Commodities; and expressed their

Agreed.

Resolved, &c, That the Bill, and Provisoes, be ingrossed.

with the Amendments

rink* of

Yorke’s

Revenue.

Conference — Foreign Commodtiie Sill.

Ordered, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning the Post Office, which has been Three times read, and passed the House, with the Amendments, be returned to the Lords, by Sir Robert Carr.

Reasons for the same: As to their Lordships Amendments to that Part of the Bill concerning Impositions on Sugars, their lordships gave their Reasons for the same, in Writing: Which he read, in his Place.

And further reports the Address to be made to his Majesty: Which is as followeth;

" We Your Majesty’s most loyal and dutiful Subjects, Manure* the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Par- tures.

IS

in,

;’.ii-

Address fot wearing

English

c. , . s* x / , t , rm , liament assembled, do humbly beseech Your Majesty,

Sir Robert Carr reports from the Lords That they Allt you ,.ou|j be ioul pfeased, b. Your Own

had agreed to a present Conference, in the Panned ample, to encourage the constant Wearing of the Mann-

factures of Your own Kingdoms and

HI

Chamber, upon the Bill for an Imposition on foreign Commodities.

Sir Robert Hmvard did open, and read to the House, the Message to be presented at the Conference with the Lords: Which was allowed by the House; and is as follows; viz.

" My Lords, The House of Commons have commanded us to acquaint your Lordships, that they desired this

Dominions; and

discountenance such Persons (Men or Women) in Your Court, as shall wear any Manufactures made by foreign Countries."

Which Bill, with the Amendments and Address, were delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, Ike. That the House proceed upon the afore-. - said Amendments to the Bill, sent down from the Lords,

Conference, lor the Preservation of a good Correspon- for an imposition on foreign Commodities, Tomorrow dence between both Houses, by representing to your Morning Nine of the Clock.

jLordships the Mistake that had happened:"

"In order to which, they have commanded us to read tp your Lordships the Message and Answer, as they are entered in their Journals."

" By these your Lordships may perceive, that, by the Message, Two distinct Conferences were desired: To one the Commons agreed: To the other they replied, They would send an Answer by Messengers of their own: So that there was no Conference denied."

" The Commons therefore conceive, that your Lordships were very sudden, by a Message, to term it unparlia-. mentary, before Reasons on either Side were heard: And that the ingrossed Bill concerning Mr. IlarJakfn-read Tomorrow Morning, the First den’s Estate.

Resolved, &c.That this House doth agree with the Lords', in the Address aforesaid, to be made to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Harlakenden, be Business.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were discontinued, Cejnmittees. be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

23 Car. II.

13 — 14

Joviti 13° die Aprilis, 1671*

Prayers.

HarlaVen* H E ingrossed Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of

tai't E»ut». X Thomas Harlakenden Esquire, for Satisfaction of a l)ebt due to his Majesty, was read.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

It was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Harlakenden Esquire, for Satisfaction of a Debt due to his Majesty. Anti Sir William is to carry up

the Bill to the Lords.

Bats sent A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir from Lords. William Berersham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for settling the Estate of Sir Clarke, with some

Amendments, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed , to the Bill for an Imposition on Proceedings in Courts of Law, and other Courts; the Bill for settling the charitable Use of Mr. Sums, without

hre to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

' Veneris, 14° die Aprilis, 1671*

Praters.

[rt][QI R Robert Steward reports from the Committee, jree-fdrut O to which the Bill for vesting some Fee-form Rents, Rents, and other small Rents, in Trustees, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made, and Clauses agreed to "be made, Part of the Bill: Which were twice read} and, upon the Question, agreed.

Another Clause was tendered; and twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and with the other Provisoes, agreed, ordered to be ingrossed; and the Bill, with the Amendments and Provisoes, to be read a Third time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, Intituled, Ari Naval Store*. Act to revive an Act to prevent the Disturbances of Sea-

any Amendments: And have also agreed to the Clauses en> and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to - sen£ from his Majesty’s Navy Royal, was read the Second, time.

ffnd Provisoes of this House, to the Bill Lords, for settling Intestates Lstates.

Howes Imt Sir Robert Steward reports from the Committee to fe London, vvliicii the Bill for settling Differences touching Houses burned, several Amendments and Clauses, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, See. That the Debate of the Amendments to the Dili for settling Differences touching Houses burned, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jorfi altera-

ticnof a Supply fi Ji.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to $ir vile Hollis, Sir Thom. Allen, Mr. Sir, John

Talbott, Col. Sands, Sir Irby, Mr. Chainidialley.

Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Solom. Swale, Mr. Sir

Robert Atkins, S ir John Knight, Mr. Maynard, Sir Will. Fleetwood,'] Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Trchncny, Mr.

O Mr. Maynard, Colonel Realties, Sir Robert Steward, SirT Mr. Wood, Sir Mr.

Crouch, Sir John Norton, Colonel Strode, Mr.

Sir Fran. Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

BSir Thom. Dolman, Sir , MK

Knowles, Sir Colonel Phillips, Sir

The House then proceeded to the Reading the Amend- D Mr.

meats and Clauses, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for an Imposition on loreign Commodities: Which were once read:

And the first Amendments, sent from the Lords, being for changing the Proportion of the Impositions on white Sugars from One Peny per Pound, to Halfpeny half Farthing, was read the Second time; and debated. Resolution Resolved, ike. NtmineThat, in all Aids

8Iven ^le Eing> by the Commons, the Rate of Tax «wing as 0Ugj)t not tQ altered by the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Coell and Sir* Will. Bevcrsham;

Ian* at Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent ydu down a Bill, Portsmouth, intituled, An Act for vesting and settling the Fee-simple of certain Lands, on his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which have been taken into, and spoiled, by making new Fortifications about the Town of Portsmouth: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Clarfce’* And have returned you 'Two Bills; the one intituled, Estate. An Act for settling the Manor of for Payment of the Debts of Sir William Clarke; and the other Buying and intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the Buying and selling Se.ling of Cattle; with some Amendments, to w'hich Cuttle. they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Morris, Mr. Wren, Sir FoxtikeLucy, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Whomrood, Sir Thom. Air. Pridtaux,

and all that serve for Port Towns: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records."

Ordered, That Sir Edw.Deering and Sir - pover pjeri

wick, be added to the Committee to which the Bill concerning Dover Pier, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for settling and preserving the Na- \vty Navi* vigation of the River I Fey, in the County of was gation.

read; and with some Amendments, upon the Question, agreed and made at the f able, was, upon the Question, passed; and ordered to be carried up to the Lords by Mr. Onsloio.

Amendments to the Bill for settling of the Estate of Sir ciarke’* William Clarke, sent from the Lords, were twice read; Estate, and, upon the Question, agreed; and the Amendments" ordered to be inserted, and the Bill returned to the Lords.

loi* altera- Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Attorney General, iwnsofa Mr Coleman, Sir Geo. Dozening, Mr. Attorney Mounta-

Sngpfy Bill, gue, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir 'Thom. Littleton, Sir Edw. Dieting, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Robert Sir Robert,

Sir Will.Coventry, Colonel Birch, Mr. Milward, Sir

Thom. Lee, Sir Rich.Temple, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, Sir Phil. Warwick, or any Live of them, to prepare amd draw up Reasons, in order to a Conference to be had

Amendments; sent from the Lords, to the Bill to pre- Bliyin vent Frauds in Buying and Selling Cattle, were twice selling read; and all, but the Amendment to the Fourth Skin, Cattle. Line Twenty-seventh, for leaving out from the Word " notwithstanding" to the Word " and, " in the Forty-third Line, upon the Question, agreed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cheney, Sir Thom. Littleton, SiL Tran. Laxdey, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Edm. Sir

Edw. Deering, Mr. Hampden, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Robert Steward, be appointed to draw up Reasons to be used at a Conference to be had upon the Amendments to the Bill to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Selling of Cattle.

and

with the Lords, to shew them, why the Commons do Sir Robert Steward reports from the Committee, to

not agree with their Lordships Amendments and Prov'i- which the Bill touching Pavements and Sewers, in the jj°ndo" soes to the Bill of additional Impositions on foreign Com- City of Londonf was committed, soine Alterations and avi*L’» "c* modifies; and report the same to the House: And they Amendments, agreed by the Committee, to be made to

[a] Wh.it is'included betwixt Fnhets, thus [], is marked as if intended to be struck out; but the Proceedings upon the same Blatter are entered in no uther Platej and'th’ere&rt ought nbt to' be oniitrtdt

Voir IX.

the

1136

the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the same, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ships to their Amendments to the Bill of additional Impositions on foreign Commodities.

And the Managers thereof report, that they had attended the Conference accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Eight of the Clock.

14' — 15* — 170- — 18°

Corn and Salt Measures.

Lands at Portsmouth.

Fee-farm

Kents.

London Paving, dec.

Kcasons to be offered at Conference.

Conference.

London.

Ministers.

Post Mere diem.

AM E N D M E N T S, sent from the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An additional Act for ascertaining the Measures of Corn and Salt, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed; and the Bill ordered to be returned to the Lords by Colonel Birch.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for vesting and settling the Fee-simple of certain Lands in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which have been taken into, and spoiled, by making new Fortifications about the Town of Portsmouth, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Bill, sent from the Lords, for vesting and settling certain Fee-faiyn Rents, and other small Rents, in Trustees, with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, were read the Third time; and agreed to; and, with the Bill, ordered to be returned to the Lords.

The ingrossed Bill for the better Paving and Cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the City of London, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Paving and Cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the City of London: And Sir Robert Howard is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Sir Robert Howard reports from the Committee appointed to consider of Reasons to be used at the Conference to be had with the Lords, the said Reasons: Which he read, and opened to the House; and were approved of by the Hou£e.

Resolved, See. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference; and that Mr. Waller do carry up the Message to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Managers of the aforesaid Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Bill of Impositions on foreign Commodities, in their Reasons and Arguments, do insist upon the Rates of Impositions on merchandiseable Commodities; and that Impositions made by the Commons are not to be altered by the Lords.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning the Maintenance of the Ministers of London be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 15* die Apr ills, 1671.

London

Ministers.

Praters.

SI R Thomas Clergis reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning the Maintenance of the Ministers of the City of London, was committed, several Amendments and Alterations, agreed to by the Committee, to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which, being twice read, w'ere, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Conference. The House then attended the Conference with the Lords, upon the Reasons of disagreeing with their Lord-

Litna, 17* die Aprilis, 1671*

Prayers.

Til E ingrossed Bill for the better Settlement of the

Maintenance of the Parsons, Vicars, and Curates fti.macn. in the Parishes of London burnt by the late dreadful Fire there, was read the Third time.

The House then debated several Amendments to the said Bill: And

Resolved, See. That the further Debate thereof be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Fines and

William Bevcrsham; lorieiture*.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you down Two Bills; the one, intituled, An Act for the better and more certain Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty; the other intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game; and for securing Warrens, and the several Fishings of this Realm; with some 01' Gan^110* Alterations and Amendments, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And further do acquaint this Heusc, That they have ogle's agreed to the Bill, to enable Trustees to sell the Manor, Lauie*. Lands, and Leases of Thomas Ogle Knight, deceased, lor raising a Portion and present Maintenance for his Daughter and Heir, and Payment of his Debts; and to the isill for settling Differences, touching Houses burned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 18* die Aprilis, l6?l.

Praters.

rpil E House being informed, that Sir Privilege —

JL a Member of this House, was Yesterday in the 'SSHU|[jof Evening, slopt and assaulted by one; w ho en> r*

expressed contemptuous Words, in Breach of the Privilege of this House; viz. That, because he was a Member of this House, he would send him to the Compter.

Ordered, That Landisdall the Beadle of W'ard, living in the Parish of St.Mary Hill, in the City of London, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of Privilege of this House, in aff ronting Sir Anthony Cope,a Member of this House; and for contemptuous Words against this House.

The House being informed, that one Mr. Samtell Hartlip had aff ronted Sir John Moa Member of this

House, in Expressions to this Effect, That he valued him no more than the Dirt under his Feet; and that his Tongue was no Slander; and that these Expressions w ere at, or near the House Door, and in relation to Words spoken in the House, by the said Sir

Ordered, That the said Mr. Samuel Hartlip be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this 'House, to answer the said Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, by Mr. Conference Cheney, to desirea Conference, with their Lordships upon ',lth their Amendments to the Bill to prevent Frauds in the 01 s‘ Buying and Selling of Cattle.

The House resumed the Debate of Amendments to i^nd the Bill for the better Settling of the Maintenance of the Miuuiere. Parsons, Vicars, and Curates, in the Parishes of the City of

Imdon,

H

L

Ml

Kf.

tVf

}l*

fl

a* Car. II. 18° — 190 — 20" 237

London, burnt by the late dreadful Fire there; and agreed to the same.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Settlement of the Maintenance of the Parsons, Vicars, and Curates, in the Parishes of the City of London, burnt by the late dreadful Fire there: And that Mr. Crouch do carry up the same to the Lords.

Privilege — Petition intituled, The humble Petition of Herbert ItZT rad.'

custody. The said Herbert Jones, being called in to the Bar of the House, to justify his Petition, satisfied the House, That he was never served with any Order of Summons, from the Committee of Privileges; but only with the Order of the House referring of it to the said Committee, to examine his and others Breach of Privilege against Sir Trevor Williams, a Member of this House.

Resolved, &c. That the said Herbert Jones be discharged from his Commitment in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Lords agree Mr. Cheney reports, That the Lords agree to a present fence Conference with- this I louse, in the Painted Chamber, upon their Lordships Amendments to the Bill concerning Cattle.

Ordered, That Mr. Cheney, Sir Thom. Lee, Col. Birch, Sir Thom. LittMon, Sir Irby, Sir

Sir Rich.Temple, Sir Thom. Meercs, Sir Robert Heneard,

be appointed the Managers of the said Conference.

Fines and The Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to the Forfeitures. Bill for the better Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty, were read a First, Second, and Third time; and agreed unto.

vered the same in at the Clerk's Table i Which Amendments were twice read; and, with some Alterations and Amendments made at the Table, severally agreed:

And a Debate arising, touching the Manner of Trial of Offenders; and for preventing false Musters; and for the due Payment of Seamen, and other Matters;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be re-committed, upon the:

Debates of the House: And that these Mem bers following be added to the Committee; Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Coleman, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Edzo. Massey,

Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Thom. Higgons, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Waller: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And the Committee is revived; and to sit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for vesting and Lands at settling the Fee Simple of certain Lands, of his Majesty, Portsmouth, his Heirs and Successors, which have been taken into and spoiled, by making new Fortifications about the Town of Portsmouth, was read the Second time: And being by Agreement of all Parties concerned, and no Exception taken thereto;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Third time,

Tomorrow Morning.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for the Workhouses, better regulating and settling of Workhouses for setting the Poor on Work, were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed, except one of the Amendments. which, with this Addition of these Words, "and no longer," was also agreed.

And then the House adjourned till To-morow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Preservation The Amendments, from the Lords, to the Bill for Pre-of Game. serration of the Game; and for Securing Warrens, were read a First, Second, and Third time; and agreed unto.

London Poor. The Amendments, from the Lords, to the Bill for Dis-

covery of such as have defrauded the Poor of the City of London, of the Monies given in the Time of the late Plague and Fire, were read a First, Second, and Third time; and agreed unto.

NavalStores. Ordered, That the Report of the Amendments to the Bill, sent down from the Lords, for preventing the Disturbances of Seamen, and Preservation of his Majesty's Naval Stores, be made Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Merc urii, 19° die A prills, 1G71.

Prayers.

Bills sent A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir

from Lords. p\ and Sir William Be;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed with this House to the Bill on the Behalf of Charles Howard Esquire, and his Wife, without any Amendment: And have returned you the Billon the Behalf of the indigent loyal Officers, with . some Alterations and Amendments; and the Bill for settling the Workhouses, and setting the Poor on Work; and also the Bill to prevent the Planting Tobacco in England; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

N»valStores. Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee to

which the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to revive a former Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen; and to preserve the Stores of his Majesty’s Navy Royal, several Amendments agreed to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards deli-Vol.IX.

Jovis, 20° die A prills, 1671*

Prayers.

Mil. Treasurer acquaints the House, That he had Message to Command from his Majesty to let them know, expedite That his Majesty would be at the House of Peers on lius‘"es3' Saturday Morning, to prorogue the Parliament; and did recommend it to the House to dispatch such Bills as could be made ready against that Time.

The Bill sent from the Lords, for settling the Fee Sint- Lands at pie of certain Lands in his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- Portsmouth, cessors, which have been taken into and spoiled, by making new Fortifications about the Town of Portsmouth, was read the Third time, and passed; and the Title agreed; and the Bill ordered to be returned to the Lords.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Indigent taking the Accounts cf Monies given to the loyal indigent Officers, Officers, were read.

The Two First Amendments were read the Second time; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Third Amendment was read a Second time; and debated.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to pre- Tobacco, vent the Planting Tobacco in England', and for Encouragement of the foreign Plantations, were twice read; and all, but the last Amendment, on the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Robert Howard,

Sir Geo. Downing, Colonel Birch, Alderman Bence, Sir Thomas Lee, to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference, to be had with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill to prevent the Planting Tobacco in England; and for regulating the Plantation Trade.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Cocll and Sir Lords desire William Beversham; a Conference

Mr, Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they desire a present Conference with the

3 O House

238

20°- — 22*

A. 1671.

and Bills agreed to.

House of Commons, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, concerning the Bill for an additional Imposition on several foreign Commodities: And

Amendments That they have agreed to the Amendments, made by the House of Commons, to the Bill for Relief and Release -of Poor Prisoners for Debt; and to the Bill for Paving and Cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about London, without Alteration:

Also have agreed to leave out the Words, desired by the Commons to be left out, for Coherence-sake, in the Bill concerning the regulating of Workhouses: And Also have agreed to the Bill concerning the London Ministers, without any Alteration:

Also to the Bill for Preservation of the Navigation of 'the River Wey, without any Alteration.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, concerning the Bill for an additional Imposition on several foreign Commodities.

Ordered, That the former Managers do manage this

' OO

Conference.

Conference Mr. Attorney General reports from the Conference had on foreism with the Lords, That the single Point insisted on at the Commodities Conference was, the Matter of Privilege, arising upon the Lords Alterations of the Rate upon Sugar, imposed by this House; and the Reasons ottered, and Precedents insisted on, by the Lords, in Justification of their Privilege therein: Which he opened, and read to the House.

Resolved, be. That it be referred to the Persons who did manage the Conference, to consider of the Matter of the last Conference reported from the Lords, and the Reasons and Precedents relating thereto; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the Llouse: And to search for Precedents; and send for Papers and Records; or to direct the Perusal of them, as they shall find convenient: And Mr. Roule and Mr. are

added to the Committee.

A Message from the Lords, Mr. Baron Turner and King ap-

Mr. Baron Littleton; attended!.*

Mr. Speaker, The Lord shave commanded us to acquaint a eu e you, That his Majesty hath appointed Saturday Morning, between Eight and Nine of the Clock, for both Houses to wait on him, in the Banqueting House at,

to present their Address for his Majesty's encouraging the Wearing of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, <^’c.

Sir Edmund Roolcy reports from the Conference had Conference with the Lords, That the Lords did own their Mistake in j^aUle asking a free Conference, when there had been but one Conference had upon the Bill concerning Cattle: And does report the Lords Reasons offered at the Conference.

Resolved, be. That this House doth agree with their Lordships in the Amendments to the said Bill.

The House proceeded upon the Amendments, sent Indigent down from the Lords, to the Bill concerning the indigent Officer*. Officers: Which, being read a First, Second; and Third time, were agreed unto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sit John and Sir Conference

Will. Beversham; oiTiobacco

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference upon the Bill against planting Tobacco in England; and for encouraging the Plantation Trade.

The Messengers being withdrawn; and called in again;

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House doth agree to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the former Managers do manage this

7 O O

Conference.

Sir Robert Howard reports from the said Conference with the Lords, That their Lordships adhere for leaving out the Clause concerning Oaths to be administered to Governors of foreign Plantations, oeginning in Press the 8th Line 4, and ending in Press 9th, Line 6, at the Word " and."

Resolved, be. That the Debate of the said Conference be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Reasons Sir Robert Howard reports from the Committee to

Amendments " as referred to prepare Reasons to be used at the

to Tobacco Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill to prevent the Bill. Planting Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plan-

> tation Trade, Reasons agreed to be offered at the Conference: Which were allowed by the House: And Sir Robert Ilmcard ordered to desire a Conference: And that Sir Robert Howard, Sir Geo. Downing, Colonel Birch, AldermanJSence, Sir Thom.Ldo manage the Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock, Afternoon.

Ordered, That it be referred to Colonel Birch, Sir John Committee Birkenhead, Sir Chari. Harbord, Mr. Coleman, *° ^mcl1

or any Two of them, to peruse the Journal of the House journal*, of Lords, for the Proviso in the Time of H. VIII. insisted upon by their Lordships, at the Conference upon the Bill of Impositions on foreign Commodities.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Conference; Reasons for the intended Conference to be had with the Lords upon the said Bill of Impositions, do sit Tomorrow ^n0' Morning, at Nine of the Clock, to perfect the same.

And then the House adjourned to Saturday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Post Meridiem.

Conference MR. Coleman reports from the Conference had W'ith Rents^ Bill"1 ^ie Lords upon the Bill for settling certain Fee-farm Rents in Trustees, the Lords Reasons for not agreeing to the Proviso sent up from the House.

Resolved, be. That this llouse doth agree with the Lords: And that the Bill be returned to the Lords.

Lords desire A Message from the Lords by Sir John Coell and Sir a Conference. Will. Beversham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they desire a present free Conference,

' upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, upon the Bill to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Selling of Cattle.

The Messengers being called in;

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to a present free Conference.

Ordered, That the former Managers be appointed to manage this free Conference: And do acquaint the Lords of the Mistake, in asking a free Conference, when there had been but one Conference in that Matter.

Sabbati, 22° die Aprilis, 1671.

Prayers.

THE House taking into Consideration the great Pains Rcmunerat-and Attendance of the Officers and Servants attend- aig Officer* ing the Service of this House, and of what had, in like 01 l"e Hcuse‘ Cases, been formerly done for their Satisfaction therein;

Resolved, be. That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury be desired to recommend it to his Majesty to give Order or a Recompence and Satisfaction to the Chaplain, who hath performed the Duty of Reading Prayers in the House; and to the Clerk of the House, and his Assistant and under Clerks; and to the other Officers and Servants attending the Service of the House, for their great Pains and Service, in attending this and former Sessions, for which they have not hitherto received any Recompence or Allowance.

The House having attended his Majesty in the Ban- Answer to queting House at Whitehall, upon the Address of both Address. Houses, for his Majesty’s encouraging the Wearing the Manufactures of his own Kingdom;

Mr,

Thanks for Answer.

Conference;

Foreign

Commodities.

23 Car. II. 220 Aprilis.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, returning;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty was pleased graciously to accept the Address of both Houses; and declared, That He did willingly comply with their Desires therein; and did assure them, that, as he had already put it in practice in His own Person, so he would, for the future, take care that it Should be observed by Himself, and those of His Family.

Resolved, &c. That the Humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, for his gracious Acceptance of, and Answer to, the Address of both Houses, for the encouraging the constant Wearing the Manufactures of his own Kingdoms and Dominions.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Committee, the reasons and Precedents agreed by the Committee, to be offered in Answer to the Reasons and Precedents delivered by the Lords in Writing, at the Conference desired by the Lords on Thursday Morning last: Which he read to the House; with some Amendments and Additions made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed to; and he also reports the Opinion of the Vote of the Committee,

That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Matter proposed and delivered in Writing, at the Conference desired by the Lords on Thursday Morning last past.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Matter proposed and delivered in Writing, at the Conferencedesired by the Lords on Thursday Morning last past: AiKlSirJioZw/Ctfrr is.to desire the Conference.

Sir Robert Carr reports, that the Lords had agreed to a present Conference.

Mr. Attorney General reports the Conference had with the Lords.

Resolved, &c. That the Lords Reasons, and the Answer of this House be entered in the Journal of this House: Which are as followeth;

Thursday, April 20.

This Conference was desired by their Lordships, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, concerning the Bill for Impositions on Merchandize, <$r. wherein the Commons communicated to the Lords, as their Resolution, that there is a fundamental Right in that House alone, in Bills of Rates and Impositions on Merchandize, as to the Matter, the Measure, and the Time.

And, tho’ their Lordships had neither Reason nor Precedent offered by the Commons, to back that Resolution; but were told, That this was a Right so fundamentally settled in the Commons, that they could not give Reasons for it; for that would be a Weakening of the Commons Right and Privilege;

Yet the Lords, in Parliament, upon full Consideration thereof, and of that whole Conference, are come to this Resolution, Nemine contradicente:

That the Power exercised by the House of Peers, in making the Amendments and Abatements in the Bill, intituled, An Act for an additional Imposition on several foreign Commodities, and for Encouragement of several Commodities and Manufactures of this Kingdom, both as to the Matter, Measure, and Time, concerning the Rates and Impositions on Merchandize, is a fundamental, inherent, and undoubted Right of the House of Peers; from which they cannot depart.

REASONS, §c.

THE great Happiness of the Government of this Kingdom is, that nothing can be done in order to the Legislature, but what is considered by both Houses, before the King’s Sanction be given unto it; and the greatest Security to all the Subjects of this Kingdom is, that the Houses, by their Constitution, do not only give Assistance, but are mutual Checks, to each other.

2ly, Consult the Writs of Summons to Parliament, and you will find the Lords are excluded from none of the Vo L.IX.

great and arduous Affairs of the Kingdom, and Church of England; but are called to treat, and give their Counsel upon them all, without Exception.

3ly, We find no Footsteps in Record or History for this new Claim of the House of Commons: We would see that Charter or Contract produced, by which the Lords divested themselves of this Right, and appropriated it to the Commons, with an Exclusion of themselves: Till then we cannot consent to shake or remove Foundations, in the laying whereof it will not be denied, that the Lords, and Grandees of the Kingdom had the greatest Hand.

4ly, If this Right Should be denied, the Lords have not a Negative Voice allowed them in Bills of this nature, for if the Lords, who have the Power of treating, advising, giving Counsel, and applying Remedies, cannot amend, abate, or refuse a Bill in part, by what Consequence of Reason can they enjoy a Liberty to reject the Whole: When the Commons shall think fit to question it, they may pretend the same Grounds for it.

5ly, In any Case of Judicature, which is undoubtedly and indisputably the peculiar Right and Privilege of the House of Lords, if their Lordships send down a Bill to the Commons, for giving Judgment in a Legislative Way, they allow and acknowledge the same Right in the Commons, to amend, change, and alter such Bills, as the Lords have exercised in this Bill of Impositions sent up by the Commons.

61y, By this new Maxim of the House of Commons, a hard and ignoble Choice is left to the Lords, either to refuse the Crown Supplies, when they are most necessary, or to consent to Ways and Proportions of Aid, which neither their own Judgment, or Interest, nor the Good of the Government and People, can admit.

"ly, If positive Assertion can introduce a Right, what Security have the Lords, that the House of Commons shall not, in other Bills (pretended to be lor the general Good of the Commons, whereof they will conceive themselves the fittest Judges) claim the same peculiar Privilege, in Exclusion of any Deliberation or Alteration of the Lords, when they shall judge it necessary or expedient.

Sly, And, whereas you say, This is the only poor Thing which you can value yourselves upon to the King,- their Lordships have commanded us to tell you, that they rather desire to increase, than any ways to diminish, the Value and Esteem of the House of Commons, not only with his Majesty, but with the whole Kingdom: But they cannot give way, that it Should be raised by the Undervaluing of the House of Peers, and an endeavour to render that House unuseful to the King and Kingdom, by the denying unto it those just Powers, which the Constitution of this Government, and the Law of the Land, hath lodged in it for Service and Benefit of both.

ply, You did, at the Conference, tell us, that we did agree to a Book of Rates, without so much as seeing it; and that never Book of Rates was read in the Lords House; and that the said Book of Rates was signed by Sir Harbotlc Grimston, then Speaker of the House of Commons, and not sent up, lest the Lords Speaker ipight sign it too.

The Book of Rates, instanced in by the House of Commons, was made in a Way different from all former Books of Rates; and by an Assembly, called without the Kings Writs; and which wanted so much the Authority of Parliament, that the Act they made was no Act, till confirmed by this Parliament; and though the Work, which happily succeeded in their Hands, for Restauration of the ancient Government of the Kingdom, will ever be mentioned to their Honour; yet no Measure for Parliamentary Proceedings is to be taken from this one Instance, to the Prejudice of the Right of the Crown, in making Books of Rates, and of the Lords, in having their due Consideration thereof when they shall be enacted in Parliament: Which was so far from being according to former Usage, that the Lords, considering the Necessity and Condition of that Time, and there being no Complaint, passed that Bill, upon Three Readings, in One Day, without so much as a Commitment; little imagining the Forwardness of

their

Conference

Foreign

Commodities.

46

22(

/1671.

Conference — their Zeal to the King's Service in such a Time, would 3. That in Subsidies of this Nature, Customs, the aodi^L.°m’ have created an Argument in the future against their Lords have joined with the Commons in the Grant of them;

Power: And if the Lords never did read Books of Rates and That in the very Beginning of those Impositions: in their House, it is as true, that the House of Commons As, when Forty Shillings on every Sack of Wool (a native do not 1 pretend, nor did shew, that ever any was read Home Commodity) was granted to Ed. 1st, in the Third there but this. Year of his Reign, to him and his Heirs: The Grant is,

See

Introduce the Precedents Thus.

Though where a Right is so clear, and Reasons so irrefragable, it is not to be required of those who are possessed of the Right, to give Precedents to confirm it; but those who.dispute the Right, ought to shew Precedents or Judg-

Patent Roll, 3 E. I. M. 1. N. 1. As also, in other Patent Rolls, where Subsidies are recited; as the 15 III. N. 1. M. 12. the Close Roll and the Patent Roll of 3 E. I. M. 6.

And, more particularly in Impositions of this very Species, Tonage and Poundage, the Lords were, even at the first Beginning, joined with the Commons in the

ments to the contrary, not passed sub silentio, but upon Grant. the parliament Roll in the 47 £.111. N. 10. the

the. Point controverted; yet the Lords have commanded us to offer, and leave with you the following Precedents.

By Records, both ancient and modern, it doth appear, 1. That the Lords and Commons have consulted to-

first Establishment of it by Act, doth declare, where it is expressly, "The Lords and Commons do grant:" And this Style did continue, in Acts of this nature, till the End of R. II: After which, in those troublesome Times, the Style was various, till King //. Vlllth’s Time; and the Style of Acts of Tonage and Poundage was, " We the Commons, gether, and conferred one with another, upon the Subject by Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern-

of Supply to the King; and of the Manner how the same may be levied, as the 14 E. III. N. 5. " Apres Grand Tret &. Parleance entre lez Grantz et le ditz Chevaliers et autresdes Communes esteans en dit Parliament est aceor-des et assentus par tous les Grants et Communes, §c." That they grant to the King the qth of Com and Wool.

Another 29th Ed.III. N. 2; and another more particularly in E. III. N. 18; where certain Lords were named, from time to time, to confer with the Commons, for their better Help, in consulting for the raising Money. 1 And this was sometimes by the King’s Command, as the 22th E. III. N. 3;

poral, do give and grant:" This Form of Gift, in Tonage and Poundage, lasted E. the VI, Q. Mary, and King James's Time, as the Statutes themselves do declare.

5. And, to prove most undeniably, that the Lords have their Share in the Gift of Aids and Supplies to the King, see the Act 9 H. IV. commonly called, The Indemnity of the Lords and Commons; which provides expressly, that the Lords shall commune apart by themselves, and the Commons by themselves; and at the latter End enacts, that the King shall thank both the Lords and Commons for Subsidies given to him.

6. That the Lords may make Amendments and Al-

j Sometimes by Motion or Appointment of the Ix>rds, terafions in Bills which grant Tonage and Poundage, (the as the 5th E. III. N. 8; and in the Case of the Great Con- very Question now betw een us) appears in an ancient book, tract for Tenures and Purveyances, 7 Jac. 14 Feb. 1609; case 33 H. VI. fol. 17; which was a Consultation of all the

And sometimes by desire of the Commons, 47 E. III. Judges of England, and the Master of the Roils, and the , N. 6,4/1. II. N. 10, n, 12, 13. 14> 15- upon a great Clerk of the Parliament called to inform them of the Man-

:Suin demanded for the King,

the Commons come to the Lords and desire a Moderation of the Sum, and their Consideration how it shall be levied. And it is very observable in this Record, , Num. 13. which saith, "that -the, Lords sent for the Commons often before them, and shewed to them their Advice, how the same shall be levied; and thereupon was granted, by Lords and Commons, Twelvepence of every Man," C R. II. N. 14. And in the case of the great Contract before-mentioned, 7® Jac.

ner of Proceedings in Bills of Parliament: Where tis said, That if the Commons grant Tonage and Poundage to endure for Four Years, and the Lords grant it but for Tw o Years, it shall not be carried back to the Commons, because it may stand with their Grant, but must be so inrolled: And, that the Lords have made Amendments and Alterations in Bills granting Tonage and Poundage, appears by that of the 1 E. VI. and 1 of Q. Eliz. and even in the very Point now in Dispute, such Amendments as do lessen the Sum to the King, at the first of II. VIII.

Read the Proviso.

We have seriously consulted our Judgments'and Reasons to find Objections, if it were possible, against this ’ Power of the Lords; and are so far from finding' any, that we are fixed in Opinion, that the Want of it would be destructive to the Government, and Peace of thfe Kingdom, and the Right of the Crown, in balancing and regulating of Trade, and the making and preserving Leagues and Treaties with foreign Princes and States; and die ’ Exercise of it cannot but be for the Security of All, and for the Ease and Benefit of the Subject.

The Modesty of your Ancestors, in these arduous Affairs, gave great Deference to the "Wisdom of the Lords.

Their Lordships are very far from desiring to obstruct this Gift, no, not for a Moment of Time, much less for ever, as was hinted to them at the last Conference: And therefore they desire the House of Commons to lay it to

.18 June, 1610, the Commons, at a Conference, desire to , know what Project their Lordships will propound for levying that which shall be given other than upon Land;

and afterwards, by the Commons Answer to the Lords Proposal, agreed, that the Manner of levying it may be in the most easeful and contentful Sort that by both Houses can . be devised. See the whole Proceedings of this intended Contract, which doth in several remarkable Instances shew that the House of Commons themselves did allow the House of Peers their Part, in treating and debating on the Subject of Money to be levied for his Majesty.

2ly, That, in Aids and Subsidies, the Lords have anciently been expressly joined with the Commons in the: Gift, as in the first we can meet with in.our Statutes:

That, in the Body of Mag. Charta, cap. 37. "The Arch-- bishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, Knights,

Freeholders, and other our Subjects, have given unto us the Fifteenth Part of all their Moveables;" which un-. doubtedly included Merchandize: And this Style the ancient Grants of Subsidies, and the modern ones too, do retain (the troublesome Time of the War between the 1 louses of Yorke and Lancaster only excepted); and eVen. Heart, and consider, if it Should happen, (which they then.it was, "The Commons, by Advice and Consent of , heartily wish it may not) that there Should be an obstruc-the Lords, do give and grant," till the Beginning of King tien UP01? Occasion of this Difference, at whose Door it Charles the first by the Words " We your Majesty s inust lie; Theirs, that assume to themselves more than be-, loyal Subjects in Parliament assembled," the Lords itn- longs to them,1 to the Prejudice and Diminution of the plicitly; or. by the Words " We the Lords Spiritual and Others Right; or Theirs, that do only exercise that just, 1 Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled;" the lawful, find necessary Power, which, by the very Nature Lords.expressly, are joined in the Grant, as by Perdsal. and constant Practice of Parliament, is, and for many of the Statutes will appear. Ages hath been, vested in Both Houses.

*9 "Their

t.

if.

v

Vi.;

El

y

23 Car. II. 32° ApriliL 241

Their Lordships had under their Consideration artd stood only of the Lords Assent to what the Commons Conference; Debate, the desiring a free Conference with your House, grant; because the Form of Law requires, that both join Foreign Com* upon the Reasons of the Amendments in Difference be- in one Bill, to give it the Force of a Law. modules,

tween the Houses: But w hen they found, that you had This answers the Statute of Magna , C. 37, and

interwoven your general Position with every Reason you those few instances; where it is said, " The Lords and had offered upon Particulars; it seemed to them, that your Commons grant," 47 E. III. N. 1 o. 4 R. II. N. 1 o.

Judgments were prepossessed: And they hold it vain, and 11, 12, 13, 14. 6 7?. II. N. 14. But what Answers below the Wisdom of Parliament, to reason or argue can be given to those ancient and modem Precedents against fixed Resolutions, and upon Terms of Impossi- and Acts, where the Grant moves, and is acknowledged bility to persuade; and have therefore applied themselves to come, from the Commons alone? of which a Mul-only to That Point which yet remains an Impediment in titude shall be herein after-mentioned, the way of free and parliamentary Debates, and Con- The Case of 14 E. III. N. 5. " Apres grand tret & ferences; which must necessarily be first removed, that parleance enter les Grantz & Chevaliers & Communs suit so we may come to a free Conference upon the Bill itself, assentus, &c." is no Grant of the 9th Sheaf, as your and part with a fair Correspondence between the Two Lordships cited it to be; but an Agreement, that the Houses. Nones, granted in a former Parliament, Should now be

Saturday, 22 April. sold, because the Money came not in fast enough. /

The Commons have desired this Conference, to pre- 22 E. III. N. 3. which your Lordships cite to prove, serve a good Correspondence with the House of Peers; that the King did sometimes command the Lords to con-and to prevent the ill Consequence of these Misunder- suit with the Commons, about raising Money, proves standings which may possibly interrupt the happy Con- little of That: But it proves expressly, that the elusion of this Session, and of all future Parliaments too, Commons granted Three Fifteens: And, as the Grant if they be not very speedily removed: runs wholly in their own Name, so the Record is full of

"Wherein the Commons are not without Hopes of many Reasons, why they could grant no more; and, upon giving your Lordships full Satisfaction in the Point in what Conditions they granted so much.

Question; and That without shaking any Foundations, And yet all these Records, wherein the Lords advised unless it be such as no Man Should lay, much less build ' with the Commons, about raising Money, though they upon, the Foundations of a perpetual Dissention be- seem to make a Shew in your Lordships Paper, yet they tween the Two Houses. prove Tw o Things of great Importance to the Commons:

Three Things did surprise the Commons, at the for- First, That all Aids must begin with the Commons; else tner Conference, concerning the Bill for an additional the Lords needed not to have conferred about the Aids,

Imposition on several foreign Commodities. but might have sent dow n a Bill. Secondly, That, when

First, That where they expected a Discourse upon they are begun, the Lords can neither add or diminish; some Amendments to that Bill, they met with nothing else it was in vain to adjust the Matter by private Con-but a Debate of the Liberties of their House, in the ference before-hand, if the Lords could have reformed it Matter, Measure and Time, of Rates upon Merchandize; afterwards: Which shews, how little Service the Records with a Kind of a Demand, that these Liberties might be of 29 E. III. N. 11. 51 E. III. N. 18. can do your delivered up to your Lordships, by our public Acknow-- Lordships in the present Question, ledgernent, before there Should be any further Discourse From the Time of R. II. your Lordships come to 7* upon that Bill. Jac. to tell us of the Treaty between the Lords and Com-

Secondly, That your Lordships Should declare so fixed mons, touching the ContractforTenures inCapite; where-and settled a Resolution in this Point, before you had so in the Lords and Commons being to be Purchasers, it much as heard what could be replied in Defence of the was less subject to Objection to confer both of the Method Commons. and Manner how the Price agreed might be paid, for

Thirdly and lastly, That your Lordships Should be so the Satisfaction of the King: But this Matter hath so easily induced to take this Resolution, if there be no other little Affinity with the present Question of lessening Rates Motives for it, than those Precedents and Reasons which upon Merchandize, given by the Commons, that nothing your Lordships have been pleased to impart to us. but a Scarcity of Precedents could ever have persuaded

The Commons confess, that the best Rule for deciding your Lordships to make use of this Instance.

Questions of Right between the Two Houses, is the Law As for the Precedent of 3 I. cited by your Lordships,

_ and Usage of Parliament; and that the best Evidences the Commons have most Reason to rely upon that Case, of that Usage and Custom of Parliament, are the most Your Lordships say, In the Beginning of Impositions, frequent and authentic Precedents: when 40.?. upon a Sack of Wool was granted to E. 1st,

Therefore the Commons will first examine the Pre- and his Heirs, the Lords joined in the Grant; for the cedents your Lordships seem to rely upon: Then they, Words are, Magnates Pralati, <§ tola -

will produce those by which their Right is asserted: And, cesserunt: Wherein are these Mistakes; in the last Place, they will consider the Reasons upon First, That Record was not a Grant of 40 s. upon a which your Lordships ground yourselves. Sack, as your Lordships suppose; but a reducing of 40 s.

By the Nature of the Precedents, which your Lord- upon a Sack, which E. I. took, before Magna Charta ships produce, there is an evident Departure from the was confirmed, to half a Mark, viz. 6$. 8d. per Sack;

Question. As the former Conference left it, There the And it was at the Prayer of the Commons, as some Books Doubt was narrowed to this single Point; Whether your say, and cite for it 3 E. I. Rot. fin. Memb. 24.

Lordships could retrench or abate any Part of the Rates Secondly, The Record which your Lordships cite, is which the Commons had granted upon Merchandize: twice printed, once in the Second Part of the Institutes,

Here the Precedents do go to a joint Pow er of Imposing Page 531; and again in the Fourth Part of the and Beginning of Taxes: Which is a Point we have not Page 29: And by both those Places itis evident, that the yet heard your Lordships to pretend to, though this Concesserunt is to be applied only to the tota Communitas, present Difference prepares Way for it: and not to the Magnates: For this was a Grant of the

Therefore, either these Precedents prove too much, by Commons only, and not a Grant of the Lords. And, proving a Power of Imposing; or they prove nothing at to demonstrate this beyond all Possibility of Scruple, the all, by not proving a Power of Lessening. printed Books do refer us to the Statute of 25 E. I. C. 7.

And yet they do not prove a Power of Imposing nei- called wherein it is expressly

ther: For these Words, "the Lords and Commons grant," so declared by Act of Parliament; For, by the last Statute, must cither be understood, reddendo singula singulis-, that it appears, that the Male tot' of 40 s. upon a Sack was is, The Lords grant for Themselves; and the Commons again demanded by E. I.; and was therefore now abro-grant for the Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, whom they gated, saving to the King, and his Heirs, the Demi Mark represent: Or else the Word " grant" must be under- upon a Sack of Wool, granted by the Commonalty:

Conference; Foreign Com-

inodities.

242 226 Aprilis* \ 1671.

Which is the very same Grant of 3 E. I. cited by your by the way; that as the Bill was a Grant of the Com-Lordships in the present Question. mons alone, so the Thanks for that Bill was given to the

Butthisisalso a convincing Evidence, that these Words, Commons alone; and so appears upon the EndorseThe Lords and Commons grant," are Words of Form; ment of that very Record.

and made use of in such Cases where the Grant did cer- The Precedents for the Commons, which on the sud-

tainly proceed from the Commons alone. And to clear den we find (for we have had but few Hours to

this Point yet more fully, by a modem Precedent, we search) are all these following,

pray your Lordships to take notice of the Statute of 2and 11 E. I. 471. dedit Regi tricesimam

3 E. VI. Cap. 36. where a Relief is given to the King, partem bonorum.

by Parliament: And in the Title of the Act, as also in 25 E. I. IVals. 486. & pag’ 74. dedit

the Body of it, it is still called all along, The Grant of the

Lords and Commons:. Yet in 3 and 4 E. VI. Cap. 23. 7 IV. IVals.

this former Act is recited; and there it is acknowledged din regi fine

to be only a Grant of the Commons.

And as for die Case of 9 H. IV. called, The Indem- 6. II. IV. 564. nity of the Lords and Commons; these Things are evi-

dently proved by it: So hitherto, when granted, the Commons gave it;

Fiist, That it was a Grievance to the Commons, and a when denied, the whole Bill rejected; Never abated. Breach of their Liberties, for die Lords to demand a 1 JE. III. Stat. 2. C. 6. The Commons srrieved, that

Committee, to confer with about Aids.

Secondly, That the Lords ought to consider by themselves, and the Commons by themselves, apart.

Thirdly, That no Report Should be made to the King of what the Commons have granted, and the Lords assented to, till the Matter be perfected: So that a plain Declaration is made, That the Commons grant, and the Lords assent.

4ly, That the Gift ought to be presented by the Speaker of the Commons.

The Book Case 33 H. VI. 17. is the weakest of all; for the Words are " Si les Communs grant Tonnage p’ 4 Ans, & S'urs grant mes p’ deux Ans ceo ne serra reliver aux Communs mes via vers&si Communs Grant p’ 2 Ans, & S’urs p. 4 ceo ne ser’ reliver.’

Now 1st, This was no Opinion of any Judge, but only of Kirkby, Cl’ de Pari.’

Secondly, This was a Case put by-die-by, and not pertinent to the Matter in hand.

3ly, ’Tis impossible to be Law, being against the constant Practice and Usage of Parliament: For then your Lordships may not only lessen the Rates and Time; but you may choose, whether you will send us the Bill or no back again, with Amendment; which was never heard of: And if that may be, why was it not done so now

4ly, That Clerk says, Your Lordships may increase Impositions too; which Part of the Case you thought not fit to cite, because you pretend not to it.

5. Brook. Parl'm 3. puts a Qua*re upon the Case, as it deserved.

But if the Law Books are to be heard in this Matter, 30 II. VIII. Dyer 43. is a Judicial Authority, where Subsidy is defined to be a Tax, " Assess p’ Parliament & Grant al Roy p’ les Communs durant vie de chest’ ou Roy tantu p’ Defence des Merchants sur le Mere."

The Provisoes in the Bill of 1 VIII. which your Lordships seem mainly to rely upon, we conceive to be of no Force at all, unless it be against your Lordships: For, by your Lordships Journals, the Case was this; The Bill itself did not pass till 3 VIII.; and upon the 43 Day of the Parliament the Lords assented to it: Afterwards upon the 43th Day Two Provisoes came in; one touching the Merchants of the Towns; another

touching the Merchants of the Staple of Calais: Both were signed by the King and the Chancellor: And the Bishop of Winchester did declare, that the signing of those Provisoes by the King’s own Hand was enough, without the Consent of either House. So that the Addition, of those Provisoes prove nothing, for which your Lordships cited them: Because,

1st, They were signed by the King.

2/;/, They were brought in against ail Course of Parliament, alter the Bill passed.

3 lif, The Provisoes were nothing hut a Saving of former

Rights, usually considered in former Acts of that Nature, 4Ip, Your Lordships Journal declares, that the King, without those Provisoes might have dona the same tiling by his Prerogative: Only 1 his may be hi to ho observed

when they granted an Aid, and paid it, the Taxes were reviewed.

18 E. III. Cap. 1. Statute at large, The Commons grant Two Fifteenths: The great Men grant nothing; but to go in Person with the King.

36 E.III. Cap. 11. The King, having Regard to the

Grant made by the Commons, for Three Years, of Wool and Leather, grants, that no Aid be levied but by Consent of Parliament.

21 II.II. N. 75. Is the First Grant of Tonage and

Poundage, for Life; and it was given by the Commons alone.

2 II.VI. N. 14. The Commons grant Tonage and

Poundage for Two Years.

31 II. VI. N. 7, 8, 9, 10. The Commons grant Tonage, #c. for Life.

8 Ed.IV. N. 30. The Commons grant Two Tenths,

and Two Fifteenths.

12 E.4. C. 3. The Grant for Tonage and Poundage for Life is recited to be by the Commons, and most of the Rates mentioned in the Bill.

The Wars of Yorhc and Lancaster are so far from weakening these Precedents, it strengthens them rather: For no Man can think the Lords w.re then in less Power, or less careful of their Rights, than your Lordships are now: Wherefore, if, in those Days, those Forms were approved by those mighty Men, it is a Sign the Right is clear.

1 II. VIII. Commons, by Assent of the Lords, grant Tonage.

15 //. VII. In Ireland w as the First Grant of Tonage and Poundage: But it said, At the Prayer of the Com-

o r 7 r

mons, it is Enacted: Which, in a Kingdom where they are not tied to Forms, shew s the clear Right.

1 E.VI. Cap. 13. 1 Mar. Cup. 8. 1 El. Cap. 19.

WTe your poor Commons, by Advice, <§’c. grant: And also avers the Right, Timeoutof Mind, to be in the Commons. In like Manner this Statute of the 1st of El. Cap. 19. gives us Occasion to put your Lordships in mind of another Precedent, which appears in your own Journals, H'cd-nesday, 15 Feb. 1 Eliz. For while the Bill was passing, the Inhabitants of Cheshire and petition the Lords

upon the Second Reading, That forasmuch as they were subject to pay the Queen a certain Duty, called Mises; that therefore they might be excused of the Subsidy, and abated their Parts of it The Lords, who then knew' they had no Power to diminish any Part of the Aid granted by the Commons, did therefore address themselves to the Queen, in their Behalfs. The Queen commands an Entry to be made in the Journal of the House of Lords, that she was pleased, that the Cheshire Men and the Welsh Men Should be respited the Mises, when they pay Subsidies; and respited the Subsidies, w’hen they pay Which

is a strong Proof, that as the Commons alone grant, so nobody can diminish their Grant; else what need had the Lords to apply themselves to the Queen for it?

17 Car. I. Tonage and Poundage was granted once for a Month; then again for Three Months: But still the Grant.was by the Commons: Ip those Days, (how tumultuous

4 3 Car.IL 44° Jp243

tuous soever) the Commons did not rise against the Lords; they agreed well enough.

12 C.II. Cap. 4. Tonage.

Cap. 24. For 70,000 /.

Cap. 23. Excise for Life.

12 C. Cap. 27. For 420,000l.

Cap. 19. 70,000l. more.

13 C. II. Cap. 3. 1,260,000l.

14 C.II. Cap. lo. Chimney Money.

15 C. II. Cap. 9. Four Subsidies.

16 & 17 C;II. Cap. 1. Royal Aid.

17 C.II. Cap. 1. Oxon, 1,250,000l.

18 C. II. Cap. 1. Poll Bill.

19 Car. II. Cap. 8. Eleven Months Tax.

20 Car. II. Cap. 1. 310,000l. Wine.

22 C. II. Cap. 3. Wine and Vinegar.

23 Car. Subsidies, 12d. per Pound.

Additional Excise.

Impost on the Law:

And the Preamble of this very Bill, now in Question.

All Grants of the Commons: Y et none of those Bills were ever varied by your Lordships, or your Predecessors: Which if there had been such a Right, would some time or other have been exercised, though in very small Values, purposely to preserve that Right.

Thus an uninterrupted Possession of this Privilege, ever since 9 II. IV. confirmed by a Multitude of Precedents, both before and after, not shaken by one Precedent for these Three Hundred Years, is now required to be delivered up, or an End put to all further Discourse: Which Opinion, if it be adhered to, is, as much as in your Lordships lies, to put an End to all further Transactions between the Houses, in Matter of Money. Which we pray your lordships to consider;

Because there appears not to the Commons any Colour from the Precedents cited by your Lordships, why your Opinions Should be so fixed in this Point: We suppose the main Defence is in the Reasons have been given for it.

That Paper begins with an Observation that your Lordships had neither Reason nor Precedent offered by the Commons, to back their Resolution; and yet concludes with an Answer to a Precedent then cited by the House of Commons, viz the Act of Tonage and Poundage now in Force: And if your Lordships heard but one Precedent then, you have now a great Number, besides those of 3 E. I. and 1 II.VIII. and 9 II. IV. and divers others your Lordships furnished us with.

Before the Commons answer to your Lordships Reasons in particular, they desire to say first in general, that it is a very unsafe Thing in any settled Government, to argue the Reasons of the fundamental Constitutions; for that can tend to nothing that is profitable to the Whole.

And this will more sensibly appear to your Lordships, if the Grounds and Foundations of Judicature be examined.

For there are several Precedents in Parliament, and some in Book Cases; which prove, that the Judicature is not to be exercised by all the Lords, but only such as the King is pleased to appoint. So is the Book Case of 22J5.III.

3. A. 6. And so is the Parliament Roll, 25 E. III. N. 4; and divers other Rolls of Parliament.

Several other Precedents there are, w here the Commons, by the King’s good Pleasure, have been led into a Share of the very Judicature. So are the 42 E. III. N. 20, 21. 31 H. VI. N. 10. 8 Ed. IV. Hugh Brice's Case; in the Rolls of Parliament.

Some Precedents there are, where it was assigned for Error in the House of Peers, that the Lords gave Judgment, w ithout Petition or Assent of the Commons. So is uH.V. N. 13.

Would your Lordships think it safe, that a Dispute Should now be made, of the very Rights of Judicature, because we have such Precedents

If Usage for so long a Time have silenced all Disputes touching your Lordships Judicature, shall that Usage be of no Force, to preserve the Privileges of the Commons, from all further Question

Vojl. IX.

Also there is a Precedent of an Act of Parliament, passed by the King and Commons alone, without the Lords; viz.l E. VI. C. 5. and That twice approved,

1 Eliz.C. 7. and 5 Eliz.C. 19. which do both allow

and commend this Act:

Shall we therefore argue the Foundations of the Legislature, because we have such Precedents

But, to come to Particulars;

1. Your Lordships first Reason is from the Happiness of the Constitution, that the Two Houses are mutual Checks upon each other.

Answer. So they are still; for your Lordships have a Negative to the Whole.

But, on the other Side, it would be a double Check upon his Majesty’s Affairs, if the King may not rely upon the Quantum, when once his People have given it: And therefore the Privilege now contended for by your Lordships, is not of Use to the Crown, but much the contrary.

2 ly, Your Lordships Reasons, drawn from the Writ of

Summons, is as little concluding: For though the Writ do not exclude you from any Affairs; yet it is only de -busdam arduis negotiis; and must be understood of such as

by Course of Parliament are proper; else the Commons, upon the like Ground, may intitle themselves to Judicature, for they are also called ad <§ de

quibusdam arduis <$ super negotiis

3. Your Lordships proceed to demand, Where is that Record or Contract in Parliament to be found, w here the Lords appropriate this Right to the Commons, in Exclusion of themselves

Answer. To tin's Rhetorical Question, the Commons pray they may answer by another Question: Where is that Record or Contract by which the Commons submitted, that Judicature Should be appropriated to the Lords in Exclusion of themselves

Where-ever your Lordships find the last Record, they will shew the First endorsed upon the Back of the same Roll.

Truth is, Precedents there are, where both Sides do exercise those several Rights; but none, how either Side came by them.

4. If the Lords may deny the Whole, why not a Part? Else the Commons may at last pretend to bar a negative Voice.

Answer. The King must deny the Whole of every Bill, or pass it; yet this takes not away his negative Voice. The Lords and Commons must accept the w hole general Pardon, or deny it; yet this takes not away their Negative.

The Clergy have a Right to tax themselves; and it is a Part of the Privilege of their Estate. Doth the Upper Convocation House alter what the Lower Grant? Or do the Lords or Commons ever abate any Part of their Gift? Yet they have a Power to reject the Whole. But, if Abatement Should be made, it would insensibly go to a Rising, and deprive the Clergy of their ancient Right to tax themselves.

5. Your Lordships say, Judicature is undoubtedly ours; yet, in Bills of Judicature, we allow the Commons to amend and alter: Why Should not the Commons allow us the same Privilege in Bills of Money

Answer. If Contracts w ere now to be made for Privileges, the Offer might seem fair: But yet the Commons Should profit little by it; for your Lordships do now industriously avoid all Bills of that Nature; and chuse to do many Tilings by your own Power, which ought to be done by the Legislative: Of which w e forbear the Instances, because your Lordships, we hope, will reform them; and we desire not to create new Differences, but to compose the old.

6/y, Your Lordships say, you are put to an ignoble Choice, either to refuse the King’s Supplies when they are most necessary; or to consent to such Ways and Proportions, which neither your ow n Judgment, nor the good of the Government or People, can admit.

Answer. We pray your Lordships to observe, that this Reason, First, makes your Lordships Judgment to be the Measure of the Welfare of the Commons of England:

2/*

Conference \ Foreign Com* modi lies*

244

2 2 Aprilis 1671. — 61 0 Aprilis. A. 1672.

Conference; 2 ly, It gives you Power to raise and encrease Taxes, The Amendments to the Bill for

HwdLUesi°ftl* as we^ as to a^ate: r°r it may sometimes, in your Lord- Sowing of Hemp and Flax, were read, ships Judgments, be for Interest of Trade to raise and increase a Rate, as well as to lessen it:

encouraging

And then, still you are brought to the same ignoble Choice, unless you may raise the Tax.

But it is a very ignoble Choice put upon the King and his People, that either his Majesty must demand, and the Commons give so small an Aid, as can never be diminished, or else run the Hazard of your Lordships Re-examination of the Rates; whose Proportions in all Taxes, in Comparison to what the Commonality pay, is very inconsiderable.

the Hemp and Flax plant* ing.

And then the House adjourned till Three of tire Clock, Afternoon.

Post Meri.

A Message from, the Lords, by Sir John Cocll and Sir r onu

Will. to Con-

Mr. Speaker, The Lords sent us down to acquaint ference* you, That they did agree to a Conference, upon tire

7. If positive Assertion can introduce Right, the Lords Amendments to the Bill for preventing the Exportation

have no Security; but the Commons may extend a Right of Wool, at Four of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber; as they judge it necessary, or expedient. And likewise to acquaint you, that their Lordships have

Answer. We hope no Assertions or Denials, though agreed to the Amendments to the Bill concerning the never so positive, shall give, or take away, a Right: But truly loyal indigent Officers, we rely upon Usage on our Side, and Non-usage on your Lordships Part, as the best Evidences by which your Resolved, &c. That his Majesty be humbly desired, by Ad<lr« Lordships, or we, can Claim any Privilege. such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Most relating to

8. Your Lordships profess a Desire to raise our Esteem honourable Privy Council, that such as are, or shall be, p^of

with his Majesty and the whole Kingdon; but not by the appointed Governors of any of his Majesty’s Plantations n l0DS" Under-valuation of the House of Peers. ( Tangier excepted) to take the Oaths appointed to be

Answer. We have so great Confidence in his Majesty's taken by the Acts of Navigation and Trade.

Goodness, that, we assure ourselves, nothing can lessen

his Majesty's Esteem of our dutiful Affections to him: Ordered, ThatSirGeo. T)mming, Mr. Pcncle, Mr. Renee, Conference

And we hope we have deserved so well of our Country, Sir RTemple, Sir Will. Bucknall, Sir on Wo0' by our Deportment towards his Majesty, that we shall not Colonel Birch, or any Three of them, do withdraw; and need your Lordships Recommendations to any, who wish prepare Reasons for die Conference, to be had with the well to his Majesty, or the present Government Lords, upon their Lordsliips Amendments to the Bill to

But we are so far from wishing to raise an Esteem by prevent the Exportation of Wool, any Diminution of your Lordships Honour or Privileges,

that there never was any House of Commons, who had The Bill for preventing die Disturbances of Seamen, Naval Stora. a more just and true Respect of that noble Constitution and Preservation of, his Majesty’s Stores, read a Third of a House of Peers; of which your Lordships have had dme; and passed; And Mr. Wren to cany it up to the

Lords.

frequent Instances, by our consenting to several Clauses in former Bills, for the Securing and Improving your Lordships Privileges.

9. We are sorry to see your Lordships undervalue die Precedent of this last Act of Tonage and Poundage; because, though it were an Act of the last Convention, it was confirmed in this Parliament; and because the Right of the Commons, there asserted, was pusuant to a former Precedent in 1642, and possibly had not passed so, if the younger Members of that Convention had not

Mr. Porrle reports Reasons for the Conference to be had with the Lords to the Bill to prevent die Exportation of Wool: Which were approved of.

Conference on Wool Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir NavalStores. Will. Bcvcrsham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us down to acquaint you, That they have agreed with this House in dieir Amendments and Proviso to the additional Bill for pro-

learned, from some of those great and noble Irords, who venti Disturballces of Seamen, of

now manage the Conierence for your Lordships, and ®

were then Commoners, that this was die undoubted Right

of the Commons,

To conclude, the Commons have examined Themselves, and their Proceedings; and find no Cause, why your Lordships Should put them in mind of that Modesty, by which their Ancestors shewed a m eat Deference to the

Wisdom of the Lords: For they resolve ever to observe

his Majesty’s Stores.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edw. Carteret

Messasre to attend the King.

Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him fordiwith, in die House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Parliament

the Modesty of dieir Ancestors; and doubt not, but your up to the House of Peers, to attend his Majesty: Where prorogued.

Lordships will also follow die Wisdom of yours.

It was unanimously Resolved,

That the Thanks of the House be returned to Mr. Attorney General, for his great Pains and Care in preparing and drawing up the Reasons, delivered to die Lords, in Answer to their Reasons, which was by him performed to the great Satisfaction of this House, in Vindication of their Privilege, and just and undoubted Right of the Commons of England.

his Majesty was pleased, by die Right honourable die Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, to prorogue the Parliament till the Sixteenth of April next.

Martis, 16° die Aprilis, 1672.

HIS Majesty having prorogued the Parliament to this Day; and having, by his Proclamation, declared his Pleasure for the further Prorogation thereof

Parliament further pro* rogued.

And Mr. Speaker did accordingly deliver die Thanks to the Thirtieth of October next ensuing;

Preventing Export of \V«ol.

of the House to Mr. Attorney General.

Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, were read: And the Two last agreed; and the rest disagreed: And a Conference to lie desired by the Lord St. John.

The Lord St.John reports, dieir Lordships would send

Answer by Messengers of their own.

NavalStons. Additional Amendments to the Bill to prevent Dis-

turbances of Seamen, was twice read; and agreed unto.

And several Members of this his Majesty’s House of Commons being this Day met in the House;

A Message was sent from the Lords, authorized by his Majesty’s Commission,^to desire their Attendance in die-House of Peers.

And accordingly the Members here, with the Clerk of this House, went up to die House of Lords: Where die Right honourable the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England caused his Majesty’s Commission to be read; and declared his Majesty’s Pleasure for the Proroguing, and did prorogue the Parliament to the Thirtieth of October next.

24 & 25 Car. II. 30° Octobris. — 40 — ^5° Februarii. 24$

A Message was sent from the Lords authorized by his Majesty's Commission, to desire their Attendance in the House of Peers:

And accordingly the Members here, with the Clerk of this House, went up to the House of Lords: Where the Right honourable the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England caused his Majesty’s Commission to be read; and declared his Majesty’s Pleasure for the Proroguing, and did prorogue, the Parliament to the Fourth of February next.

Mercurii, SO* Octobris, 1672.

Parliament TTIS Majestyhaving prorogued the Parliament to this further XT1 Day; and having, by his Proclamation, declared piurogue . jjg pieasure for the further Prorogation thereof to the Fourth of February next ensuing:

And several Members of this his Majesty’s House of Commons being this Day met, in the House;

(H

M

'ISft

tail

iSiia

llpi

Martis, 4" die Februarii, 1672.

HIS Majesty’s Two Houses of Parliament having had several Prorogations from the Time of their last Sitting, being the Two-and-twentieth of April 1671 ;and being, by the last, prorogued to this present Fourth of February 1672; But Sir Eduard Turner, the Vacancy of a late Speaker of this House, being, in the Interval of Ses-Speaker. sion, made Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty’s Exchequer; so as there was a Vacancy of a Speaker;

And a great Number of Members, about Three hundred or upwards, being met in the House of Commons; Menace to A Message was sent to them from his Majesty, by Sir Eduard Carteret Usher of the Black Rod, to command

their Attendance in the House of Lords:

Where, they accordingly attending, His Majesty made a Short Speech; therein taking notice of the Vacancy of a Speaker:

And the Members being returned, fir J. Char- Mr. Secretary Coventry put them in mind of the Busi-lrton chosen ness of that Day, the Election of a Speaker; nominating ‘ptJ and commending to them Sir Job Serjeant at

Law, as a very fit Person for that Purpose:

Who being thereupon called upon, stood up in his Place; and did endeavour to excuse himself, by reason of his Insufficiency for so great an Employment. But That not being admitted, the House continuing the Calling him to the Chair; whither he being conducted by Sir John Duncombe Chancellor of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and Mr. Secretary Coventry; he desired Leave to appeal to his Maje.‘ty for his Excuse:

And he being set in the Chair.

No Business A Motion and Complaint was made against Writs un-Mr*s^aker *ssnc<!> and irregular Returns (as was alleged) there- prttuiwd. ,!Pon made lately of Persons to serve in this House, in the Places of such as were dead, or removed.

But the Opinion of the Speaker Elect, and the general Sense and Opinion of the House, being, that, after a Speaker elected, no Motion can be debated, or Business entertained, till the Speaker be presented to, and approved by, his Majesty;

And the House being acquainted, that his Majesty had appointed them to present their Speaker Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

Thereupon the Motion w as, at present, laid aside: And the House adjourned till Two of the Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon; then to meet, and present their Speaker to his Majesty at the Time appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow in the Afternoon, Two of the Clock.

The House meets.

Mercurii, 5° die Februarii, 1672.

Post Meridiem.

Message to IV/T R Speaker Elect, and the House, being met;

»end the T\j_ A Message was sent from his Majesty to the IDg' House, by Sir Edward Carteret Usher of the Black Rod: viz.

'Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him forthwith in the House of Lords.

Vol. IX.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker Elect, with the Mem- Mr. Speaker bers, went up to attend his Majesty. approved of.

And Mr. Speaker being presented to, and approved by, his Majesty, returned, with the Mace carried before him:

Which being placed on the Table; and Mr. Speaker settled in the Chair.

His Majesty having been pleased to deliver his Speech, in Writing, to Mr. Speaker; which he having read to the House; and the Speech also of the Lord Chancellor being delivered in Writing, and read by the Clerk: And his Majesty having, after his Speech, further declared, that he had given Order to the Lord Chancellor to send out Writs, for the better Supply of the House, having seen Precedents for it; but, if any Scruple or Question did arise about it, he left it to the House to debate, as soon as they would-----

Most Gracious Sovereign,

THE Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses of the House of Commons, in Obedience to Your Royal Command, have proceeded to the Choice of a Speaker. They have among them many worthy Persons, eminently qualified for so great a Trust; yet, with too favourable an Eye, have cast it upon me; who am really conscious to myself of many Infirmities, rendering me much unfit for so great an Employment: And although my Endeavours of excusing myself before them have not been successful, yet they have been so indulgent as to permit me to continue my Endeavours therein before Your Majesty’s most piercing and discerning Judgment.

The Veneration due to Majesty, which lodgeth in every , -

loyal Breast, makes it not an easy matter to speak before Your Majesty at any Time, or in any Capacity: But to speak before Your Majesty in Your Exaltation, thus gloriously supported and attended, and That as Speaker of Your House of Commons, requires greater Abilities than I can pretend to own. I am not also without Fear, that the publick Affairs, wherein Your Majesty, and Your Kingdom, in this Juncture of Time, are so highly concerned, may receive Detriment through my Weakness.

I therefore, with a plain, humble Heart, prostrate at Yourlioyal Feet, beseech, that You w ill command them to review what they have done; and to proceed to another Election.

Mr. Serjeant Charleton,

THE King hath very attentively heard your discreet and handsome Discourse, whereby you endeavour to excuse and disable yourself for the Place of Speaker. In Answ er whereof, His Majesty hath commanded me to say to you, That He doth, in no sort, admit of the same; for His Majesty hath had long Experience of your Abilities and good Affection, Integrity and Resolution, in several Employments of great Trust and Weight: He knows you have been long a Parliament Man; and therefore every way fitted and qualified for the Employment: Besides, he cannot disapprove the Election of this House of Commons, especially w here they have expressed so much Duty in chusing one worthy and acceptable to him: And therefore the King doth allow of the Election, and admits you for Speaker.

Great Sir,

SINCE it is Your gracious Pleasure not to accept of my humble Excuse, but by Your Royal Approbation to fix me under this great, though honourable Weight, and to

3 Q think

a'4 6

5° Februdrii.

A. 167 3;

think me fit to be invested with a Trust of so high a Na- You will find, that the last Supply you gave me; did ture as This is: not answer Expectation for the Ends you gave it; the

,.I take it, in the first Place, to be incumbent upon Payment of our Debts: Therefore, I must, in the next me, that I render your Majesty all possible Thanks, Place, recommend them again to your special Care, which I pow humbly do, with a Heart full of all Duty, Some few Days before I declared the War, I put forth apd affected with a deeper Sense of Gratitude, than I my Declaration for Indulgence to Dissenters: And have

can find Words to express.

.Next, from your royal Determination in this Affair, whereby you have imprinted a new Character, upon me,

hitherto, found a good Effect of it, by securing Peace at Home, when I had War abroad. There is one Part of it, that hath been subject to Misconstruction; which is I take Courage against my own Diffidence, and chear- That concerning the Papists, as if more Liberty were fully bend myself with such Strength and Abilities, as God granted them than to the other Recusants, when it is shall give to the Service so graciously designed me; no plain there is less: For the others have publick Places way ffouhting, that Your Majesty will, please to pardon allowed them; and I never intended that They Should have my Frailties, to accept of my faithful Endeavours, and any, but Only have the Freedom of their 'Religion in always to look favourably on the Work of Your own their own Houses, without any Concern of others: And Hands. I could not grant them less than this, w hen I had ex-

And now, Sir, my first Entrance Upon this Service tended so much more Grace to others, most of them obliges me to make a few necessary but humble Petitions having been loyal, and in the Service of Me, and of of the Behalf of your most loyal arid dutiful House of the King my Father: Arid in the whole Course of this Iri-Commons.. dulgence, I do not intend, that it shall any w ay prejudice

' ist. That, for our better Attendance on the publick the Church; but I will support its Rights and It, in its full Service, \\ e and our Servants may be free in our Persons Power. Having said this, I shall take it very, very ill, and Estates, from Arrests and other Disturbances. to receive Contradiction in what I have done: And I will

’ 2(1 ly, That, in our Debates, Liberty and Freedom of deal plainly with you, I am resolved to stick to my De-

Speec.h be allowed us. claration.

- . 3 dly, That, as Occasion shall require, Your Majesty, There is one Jealousy more, that is maliciously spread

iipon our humble Suit, and at such Times as your Ma- ‘ abroad, and yet so weak and frivolous, that I once thought jesty shall judge seasonable, will vouchsafe us Access to it not of Moment enough to mention; but it may have your Royal Person. gotten some Ground with some well-minded People; and

4 th/y, That all our Proceedings may receive a favour- that is, That the Forces I have raised in this War, were

>able Construction, That. God wly> hath brought You designed tocontroul Law and Property. I wish I had back.ty the Throne of,’Your Fathers, and with you all had more Forces the last Summer; the Want of them rppr Comforts, grant you a long and a prosperous Reign; then, convinces me I must raise more against this next and send you, Victor over all Your Enemies: Arid Spring; arid I do not doubt, but you will consider the every* good Man’s Heart will say, Amen.

Mr. Speaker,

- THE King’s Majesty hath heard and well weighed

- your Short and eloquent Oration: And in the first ' place, much approves, that you have with so much Ad-

- vantage introduced a shorter Way of speaking upon this -Occasion, i His Majesty doth well accept of all those dutiful and affectionate Expressions in which you have

'.delivered your Submission to his Royal Pleasure; and -looks upon it as a good Omen to his Affairs, and as an Evidence, that the House of Commons have still the same Heart that have chosen such a Mouth, the Conjuncture of Time, and the King and Kingdom’s Affairs re-'quire: Such a House of Commons; Such a Speaker! For --with Reverence to the Holy Scripture, upon this Occasion,

»the King may say, He that is not Me, is against Me

For lie that doth not now put his Hand and Heart to support the King in the common Cause of this Kingdom, can hardly ever hope for such another Opportunity, or find a Time to make Satisfaction for the Omission of this.

1 Next, I am commanded by his Majesty, to answ er your Four Petitions: Whereof the First, being the Freedom of you and your Servants, in your Persons and Estates, without Arrest or other Disturbance, the King is graciously pleased to grant it as full as to any of your Predecessors:

The Second, for Liberty and Freedom of Speech; The Third, for Access to his Royal Person; and the Fourth, that your Proceedings may receive a favourable Construction; are all freely and fully granted by his Majesty.

.My Lords and Gentlemen,

Charge of them in your Supplies. I will conclude, with this Assurance to you, that I will preserve tire true Reformed Protestant Religion and the Church, as it is now established in this Kingdom; and that no Man’s Property or Liberty shall ever be invaded.

I leave the rest to the Chancellor.

My Lords, and you the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses of the House of Commons;

THE King hath spoken so fully, so excellently well, the Chan-and so like Himself, that you are not to expect much «lWs from me. There is not a Word in His Speech, that Speech., hath notits full Weight; and I dare with Assurance say, will have its Effect with you. llis Majesty had called you sooner; and his Affairs required it; but that He was resolved to give you all the Ease and Vacancy to your own private Concerns, and the People as much Respite from Payments and Taxes, as the Necessity of his Business, or their Preservation, would permit: And yet, which I cannot but here mention to you, by the Insinuations of some ill-affected Persons, there have been spread strange and desperate Rumours, which your Meeting together this Day, hatli sufficiently proved both malicious and false.

His Majesty hath told you, that lie is now engaged in an important, very excessive, and indeed a War absolutely necessary and unavoidable: He hath referred you to his Declaration, where you will find the personal Indignities, by Pictures and Medals, and other publick Affronts, His Majesty hath received from the States:

Their Breach of Treaties, both in the and East

The King’s Speech.

... I AM glad to see you here this Day: I would have called India Business: And at last they came to that Height of , ..you iogethei; sooner, but that I am willing to ease you Insolence, as to deny the Honour and Right of the Flag, - and the Country, till there were an absolute Necessity, though an undoubted Jew el of this Crown, never to be ... Since, you were last here, I have been forced to a most parted with; and by them particularly owned in the late ...important, necessary, and expensive War; and I make Treaty of Breda, and never contested in any Age: And ,..no.Duubt but you will give Me suitable and effectual As- whilst the King first long expected, and then solemnly ..sistance.to go thorough with it. I refer you to my De- demanded, Satisfaction, they disputed his Title to it, in claration for the Causes, and indeed the Necessity, of all the Courts and made great Offers to

this War; and shall now only tell you, That I might the French King, if he would stand by them against us. have digested the Indignities to my own Person, rather But the Most Christian King too well remembered what than have brought it to this Extremity, if the Interest as they did at Munster, contrary to so many Treaties and wrell as the Honour of the whole Kingdom had not been solemn Engagements; and how dangerous a Neighbour at Stake: And if I had omitted this Conjuncture, per- they were to all Crowned Heads, haps I had not again ever met with the like Advantage. The King and his Ministers had here a hard Time, 19 and

J9

»e

1113

k

1);

Tii

Ta

tr

is-

ti

orJ

ca

Si

ST

Ai

IB

25 Car. II.

5° Februarii,

247

and lay every Day under new Obloquies: Some time they been of so great Effect in this War. But though He hath Lord

were represented as selling all to France for Money, to put a Stop to the Trade and Gain of the Bankers, yet He Chancellor’s

make this War: Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Iluil, were to would be unwilling to ruin them, and oppress so many peec

be given into the French Hands, for Caution: The next Families as are concerned in those Debts. Besides, it

Day News came, that France and Holland were agreed, was too disproportionable a Burden upon many of His

Then the Obloquy w'as turned from Treachery to Folly: good Subjects: But neither the Bankers nor They have

The Ministers were now Fools, that some Days before Reason to complain, if you now take them into your

were Villains: And indeed the Coffee-houses were not to Care, and they have paid them what was due to them

be blamed for their last Apprehensions; since, if that when the Stop was made, and Six Pounds per Cent.

Conjunction had taken Effect, then England had been in Interest from that Time. The King is very much con-

a far worse Case than now it is; and the War had been cemed, both in Honour and Interest, to see this done:

turned upon us. But both Kings knowing their Interests, And yet He desires you not to mistime it, but that it

resolved to join against them who were the common Enemy may only have the Second Place; and that you will first

to all Monarchies, and I may say, especially to ours, their settle what you intend about the Supply.

only Competitor for Trade and Power at Sea; and who His Majesty has so fully vindicated His Declaration,

only stand in their Way to an universal Empire, as great from that Calumny concerning the Papists, that no rea-

as Rome. This the States understood so well, and had sonable Scruple can be made by any good Man. He has

swallowed so deep, that, under all their present Distress sufficiently satisfied it by the Time it was published in, and

and Danger, they are so intoxicated with that vast Am- the Effects it hath had from it; and might have done it

bition, that they slight a Treaty, and refuse a Cessation. more, from the Agreeableness of it to His own natural

All this, you and the whole Nation saw before the Disposition, which no good Englishmen can wish other

last War; but it could not then be so well timed, or our than it is. He loves not Blood, nor rigorous Severities;

Alliances so well made: But you judged aright, that at but where mild or gentle Ways may be used by a wise.

any Rate, De/enda est Carthago, That Government is Prince, He is certain to chuse them. The Church of

to be brought down: And therefore the King may well England, and all good Protestants, have Reason to rejoicfc

say to you, It is Your War: He took his Measures from in such a Hoad, and such a Defender. His Majesty doth

You; and they were just and right ones: And He ex- declare His Care and Concerns for the Church, and will

pects a suitable Assistance to so necessary and expensive maintain them in all their Rights and Privileges, equal, if

an Action, which he has hitherto maintained at his own not beyond, any of his Predecessors: He was born and

Charges; and was unwilling either to trouble you, or bred up in it: It was That His Father died for. We all

burden the Country, until it came to an evitable Neccs- know', how great Temptations and Offers He resisted

sity. And his Majesty commands me to tell you, that abroad, when He was in his lowest Condition: And

unless it be a certain Sum, and speedily raised, it can thinks it the Honour of His Reign, that He hath been the

never answ er the Occasion. Restorer of the Church. Tis That He will ever main-

My Lords arid Gentlemen, tain; and hopes to leave to Posterity, in greater Lustre,

Reputation is the greatest Support of War or Peace, and upon surer Grounds, than our Ancestors ever saw it.

This War had never begun, nor had the States ever slighted But His Majesty is not convinced, that violent Ways

the King, or ever refused Him Satisfaction; neither had are the Interest of Religion, or the Church.

this W ar continued to this Day, or subsisted now; but There is one Thing more that I am commanded to

that the States w ere deceived in their Measures, and speak to yon of; which is, the Jealousy which hath been

apprehended His Majesty in that great Want of Money, foolishly spread abroad of the Forces the King hath raised

that He must sit down under any Affronts, and was not in this War; wherein the King hath opened himself freely

able to begin or carry on a War: Nay, at this Day, the to you, and confessed the Fault, on the other hand: For

States support themselves amongst their People by this if this last Summer had not proved a Miracle of Storms and

only Falshood, that they are assured of the Temper of Tempests; such as secured their East India Fleet, and

England, and of the Parliament; and that you will not protected their Sea Coasts from a Descent, nothing but the

supply the King in this War; and that, if they can hold true Reason, Want of Money, could have justified the

out until your Meeting, they will have new Life, and will DefectintheNumberofour Forces.’Tis That His Majesty

take new Measures. There are lately taken Two of their is providing for against the next Spring; having given out

principal Agents, with their Credentials and Instructions, Orders for the raising Seven or Eight Regiments more

to this Purpose; who are now' in the Ton er, and shall of Foot, under the Command of Persons of the greatest

be proceeded against according to the Law of Nations. Fortunes and Quality: And I am earnestly to recommend

But the King is sufficiently assured of His People; unto you, that in your Supply you will take into your

knows You better, and can never doubt His Parliament. Consideration this necessary Addition of Charge.

This had not been mentioned, but to shew you of w hat And, after His Majesty's Conclusion of His Speech, let

Importance the Frankness and Seasonableness of this me conclude; nay, let us All conclude, with blessing God

Supply is, as well as the Fulness of it. and the King: Let us bless God, that he hath given us

Let me say, the King has brought the States to that Such a King, to be the Repairer of our Breaches, both in

Condition, that your hearty- Conjunction at this Time, Church and State, and the Restorer of bur Paths to dwell

in supplying His Majesty, will make them never more in: That in the Midst of War and Misery, which rages in

formidable to Kings, or dangerous to England: And if our neighbour Countries, our Garners are full, and there

after this you suffer them to get up, let this be remem- is no Complaining in our Streets; and a Man can hardly

bered, The States of Holland are England's eternal know there is a War. Let us bless God, that hath given

Enemy, both by Interest and Inclination. This King signally the Hearts of His People; and most

In the next Place to the Supply for the carrying on particularly of This Parliament, who, in their Affection

of the YY ar, His Majesty recommends to you the taking and Loyalty to their Prince, have exceeded all their Prede-

Care of His Debts. What you gave the last Session, did cessors: A Parliament, with whom the King hath many

riot near answer your own Expectation: Besides, another Years lived, with all the Caresses of a happy Marriage.

considerable Aid you designed His Majesty, was unfor- Has the King had a Concern? You have wedded it: Has

tunately lost in the Birth; so that the King was forced* His Majesty wanted Supplies? You have readily, chear-

for the carrying on of his Afluirs, much against his Will fully, and fully provided for them: You have relied upon

to put a Stop to the Payments out of the Exchequer. Tie the Wisdom and Conductof His Majesty, in all His Affairs.

saw the Pressures upon Himself growing, and Inconve- So that you have never attempted to exceed Your Bounds,

nieneesto His People, by great Interest, and the Differ- . or tq impose upon Him: Whilst the King, on the other

ence through all His Business, between ready Money arid hand, hath made Your Councils the Foundations of all His

Orders. This gave the King the Neeessisy of that Pro- 1 Proceedings; and hath been so tender of you, that He

ceeding to make use of His own Revenue; which hath hath, upon his own Revenue and Credit, endeavoured to VOL. IX. cnnnArf

6° Februa

A. 167a*

support even foreign Wars, that He might be least un- ance of the High Court of Parliament, the Right and easy to you, or burdensome to His People. And let me say, Power of issuing Writs for electing Members to serve in that though this Marriage be according to Moses s Law, this House, in such Places as are vacant, is in this House, where the Husband can give a Bill of Divorce, put her who are the proper Judges also of Elections and Returns away, and take another; yet I can assure you, it is as of their Members: Thereupon it was

impossible for the King to part with This Parliament, as it is for you to depart with your Loyalty, Affection, and dutiful Behaviour you have hitherto shewed towards Him.

Let us bless the King, for taking away all our Fears, and leaving no Room for Jealousies; for those Assurances and Promises He hath made us. Let us bless God and the King, That our Religion is safe, That the Church of England is the Care of our Prince, That Parliaments are safe, That our Properties and Liberties are safe. What more hath a good Englishmen to ask, but that This King

declared void, and new one* issued.

Resolved, &c. That all Elections upon the Writs issued Writ* issued since the last Session, are void: And that Air. Speaker *" Recess do issue out Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for those Places.

Whereupon several Motions were made for several Places; and Orders granted for Mr. Speaker, to make out Warrants, according to the Vote aforesaid; and for other vacant Places; as followeth;

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

may long reign; and that this Triple Alliance of King electing a Alember to serve for the Borough of Chiping

Parliament, and People, may never be dissolved?'

Abnsetin A Bill for punishing Disorders committed in Elections Election*- to Parliament, was read the First time.

Irregular Resolved, &c. That the Alatter concerning the Elect-

Wicombe in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir John Bur lacy Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Alember to serve for the Borough of Wen

lS8ued ing and Returning of Persons to serve in 'Parliament, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Robert

and Returns mads in Recess.

Thanks for Speech.

Irregular

'Writs issued and Returns made in Recess;

So be

superseded.

since the last Session, be taken into Consideration, the first Business Tomorrow Aloming, at Nine of the Clock: And that the Persons so returned do forbear Sitting, till this Alatter be determined: And that no other Business intervene.

Ordered, That such Alembers of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to return the humble and hearty Thanks of this House, to his Majesty for his gracious Speech: And to acquaint his Majesty, That this House will take the Matter of his Majesty’s Speech into further Consideration, on Friday Aloming next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, & die Febru, 1672.

Prayers.

THE House, being met, did according to the Order made Yesterday, assume the Consideration of the Alatterconceming the Electing and Returning of Persons to serve in Parliament, since the last Session: And, upon Debate of the Alatter, It was

Resolved, &c. That Warrants do issue, under Air. Speaker’s Hand, to the Clerk of the Crown, for the Superseding all the Writs, issued for electing of Persons since the last Session, that were not executed before the First Day of the Sitting of the House, this Session; and for the making out new Writs, in the Room of those superseded. The Alatter being further debated;

And a Alotion being made for a Committee to be appointed to inspect the Precedents touching Elections and Returns;

The Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Precedents touching Elections and

Returns; and to report Saturday Morning next; The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Stricklatul, Sir Nicholas Carew, Mr. Whorw

the Matter to the House, on

j. For the Yeas, 103.

For the Noes, 169, And so it passed in the Negative.

The House then went into the Debate of the Matter *clar«d'tc^ta ^suing Writs, and making Elections and Returns of

Right of

be in the Hou*t.

Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Alember to serve for the City of Chester in the room of John Ratclffe Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Alember to serve for the Borough of in the room of Sir Robert Atkins, called up as an Assistant to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing of a Alember to serve for the Borough of Penrynn in the County of Cornwall, in the room of William Pcndarves Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for electing a Alember to serve for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Richard Rous Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Alember to serve for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Matthew Wrenn Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Alember to serve for the Borough of Totnes in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Thomas Clifford, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Alember to serve for the Borough of Tavistocke in the County of Devon, in the room of George Howard Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Alember to serve for the Borough of Clifton in the County of Devon, in the room of William Gould Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing of a Alember to serve for the Borough of Poole in the County of Dorsctt, in the room of Thomas chard Esquire, deceased. /

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Alember to serve for the Borough of Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorin the room of Bullen Reymes Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for

Persons to serve in Parliament, without Order or Warrant from this House.

And "several Cases and Precedents being cited; and electing of a Member to serve for the Borough of Hertford, the Alatter at large debated; and the general Sense and in the County of Hertford, in the room of Sir Edward Opinion of the House being, That during the Continu- Turner, called up as an Assistant to the Lords House.

Ordered,

25 Car. II. 6" — 7

*49

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out hia Warrant

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing of a Member to serve as Knight, of the Shire for the County of Huntington^in the room of Robert Lord Mandevill, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing ot a Member for the City of Hereford, in the County of Hereford, in the room of Roger Vaughan Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing of a Member to serve for the Borough of Grimsby in the County of Lin the room of Sir Fretehvile Hollis, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Norfolke, in the room of Sir Hare.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member, to serve for the Borough of King's Linne in the County of Norfolke, in the room of John Cooke Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member, to serve for the Borough of riseing, in the County of Norfolke, in the room of Sir Robert Steward, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Nottingham, in the Place of Anthony Eyre Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve as Burgess for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, in the room of

Sir Hugh Windham, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do'issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve as Burgess for the Borough of Shorham in the County of Sussex, in the room of John Fagg Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Andover in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Trott, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Rycgate in the County of Surrey, in the room of Sir Edward land, called up as an Assistant to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Suffolke, in the room of Sir Henry North, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of St. mondsbury, in the County of Suffolke, in the room of Sir Edmond rooley, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of W'dtes, in the room of Henry Rain-ton Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing of a Member to serve for the Borough of Great Beduin in the County of Wiltes in the room of Sir John Trevor, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new 'Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Ludger-Vol. IX.

sedk in the County of Wiltes, hr the room. of Thomm Grey Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of -

rough in the County of Wiltes, in the room 0# John Lord Seymour, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the City of Salisbury in the County of W'dtes, in the room of Richard Coleman Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Thirske in the County of Yorkshire, in the room of Sir Thomas Ingram, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to- make out a new Writ, for

for the Borough of Malton in the room of Sir Thomas

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his W'arrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Port of Hyeth in the County of Kent, in the room

of Sir Henry Wood, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new "Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the Port of Dover in the County of Kent, in the room of Edward Lord Hinchinbrooke, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Member to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Merioneth in Wales, in the room of Henry Whine Esquire, deceased.

electing a Member to serve in the County of Yorkshire, Gower, deceased.

Veneris, 7° die Februarii, 1672.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms do take care Footmen not to keep the Stairs and Passage to the House free he on from the Disturbance of Lacquies and Footmen; and that no Footman or Lacquey stand or remain upon the Stairs: Wherein, if any of them shall transgress, that then the Serjeant take them into Custody: And the Officers belonging to the Knight Marshal are to assist him herein.

Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges Committee be appointed of these Members following ;viz. Mr. of Privilege*.

ward, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Berty, Mr. Seymour, Mr.

George Mountague, Mr. Garraway, Lord St. Johns, Sir

Alien Apsely, Sir James Smith, Mr. Rigby, Sir Charles

Harbord, Mr. Hide, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Rolles, Mr. Grey, Sir Thomas

Meres, Lord Cornbury, Sir RalphBankes, Sir John Noi'-ion, Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Geo.

Reeves, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Will. Lowther, Sir Francis Leeke, Sir Thomas Dolman, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edward Mansell, Sir Edward Phil Mr. \ Sir Robert Barneham, Mr. Stranguries, Sir Thomas Lee,

Mr. Peirpoint, Mr. PleydaU, Mr. William Harbord,

Lord Allington, Sir Wm.Lewis, Mr. Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Newport, Col. Williams, Sir Richard

Ford, Mr. Daniell, Sir Heneage Finch, Sir Roger

sheigh, Sir Edw. Harlow, Sir Richard Pcnvle, Col. Pro-gers, Col. Strode, Mr. Chetxvin, Mr. Oalcely, Lord Richai'dson, Mr. Russell, Mr. John , Col.

Phillipps, Serjeant Maynard, Lord Castleton, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir John Holland, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr.

Secretary Coventry, Sir John D, Mr. well, Sir Thomas Osborne,' Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir William Portman, Sir William Killigrew, Col. Grey, Mr. Pmcle, Sir George Downing, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir John Robinson, Sir Thomas Strick-knd, Capt&ip Dyott, Sir Jamth. Trelcmny, Mr- Culli-

3 R ford.

Grand

Committees.

350

ford Mr. May, Sir John Ptttus, Sir William Fleetwood, Major Cornwall, Sir Francis Clarke, Mr. Wendy, Mr. Trdaimy, Lord Fitzharding, Sir John Bennett, Sir St. John, Doctor Arras, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Neale, Mr. Nicholas Morris, Sir Copleston Bamfeild, Mr. Palmes, Mr. King, Mr. Green Sir Edmond Windham, Mr. Phillipps, Sir John Sir Philip

Warwicke, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir Robert Dillington,

Sir John Pelham, Sir John Neath, Sir Philip Sir Thomas Chichley, Sir Georg Sir

Bower, Ix>rd Fanshaie, Sir Joseph Williamson, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Buller, Mr. Harris, Sir John Hanmer, Sir James Smith, Sit John Mallei, MuSherrard, Mr. Hobby,

Sir William Terringham, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Winne, Sir

Thomas Allen, Captain Herbert, Sir Thomas Sir Richard Francklyn, Mr. Head, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. lisse, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edward Masters, Mr. Chalmondley, Sir Nicholas Carew, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Wright, Mr. Collingwood, Ix>rd Clifford, Mr. Sir Henry

Puckering, Lord Aungier, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Edw. Buscowen, Mr. Bold, Mr. Steward, Mr. Mallett, Sir Henry Herbert, Col. Gilby, Sir Lake, Sir Ed-

ward Massey, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Marvell, Sir Richard Ingolsby, Alderman Love, Col. BMr

Darcy, Sir IVins ton Churchill, Sir John Cotton, Sir Charles Coltercll, Sir Anthony Cope, Sir Mr. Guy,

Serjeant Jones, Sir John Bernaby, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Lucy,

Sir Thomas Slingsby, Mr. Price, Doctor Sir

Allen Broderick, Mr. Noseworthy, Sir Sir

Richard Maleverer, Sir Philip Munckton, Sir Metcalfe Robin on, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Whor-wood, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Graham, Mr. St. John, Mr. Richard Crooke, Sir John Fagg, Sir Francis Compton, Sir Francis Mr. Maynard, Mr. Duns ter, Mr. Otway, Lord Ancram, Lord Ashler), Sir John Mounson, Sir Robert Paston, Mr. Manwairing, Sir Richard Ev Mr. Seymour, Col. Titus, Mr. Tulse, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir William Drake, Lord Roos, Sir Edward Bish, Sir Tho. Spencer, Mr. Cheney, Sir Foulke Lucy, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir John Hoiham, Mr. Attorney

Col. Fount, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Gorges, Sir Edward Hales, Mr. Giles Hungerford, Sir Frederick Hide, Sir

William Howard, Sir "Robert Worsley, Mr. Low, Mr. Weld, Sir Fere Fane, Sir Will. Godolphin, Mr. Herbert, Sir Thom. Proby, Sir Henry Peckham, Serjeant Har-dresse, Mr. Tujton, Mr. Geo. Johnson, Mr. Dennis: That this Committee do meet every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, in the Exchequer Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and take into Consideration all such Matters as shall come into Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the first Place; and report their Proceedings to the House: And all Persons that will question double Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee hath Power to receive Petitions; and to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and to make Report of any Matters aforesaid, which may concern Breach of Privilege: And all Members that are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place. And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw from the Committee during the Time the Matter which concerns himself is in Debate.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do sit every Monday, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Wednesday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit

A, 1672.

ry Friday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in

the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the House.

A Motion being made for his Majesty’s Supply; 5

Resolved, See. That the House do forthwith resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion of the King’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Seymour took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Seymour reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had unanimously resolved of this Vote, that a Supply be given to his Majesty of Eighteen Months Assessment, according to the Proportion of the last Royal Aid, not exceeding Seventy thousand Pound a Month.

Which Vote being taken into Consideration;

Resolved, &c. That a Supply be given to his Majesty of Eighteen Months Assessment, according to the Proportion of the last Royal Aid, not exceeding Seventy thousand Pound a Month.

Ordered, That the Attorney General do forthwith pre^ pare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to this Vote.

And then the House adjourned till Nine of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 8° die Februarii, 1672.

Prayers.

A BIL L to prevent stealing and transporting Chil- Child-jl\. dren, was read. stealing.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, Scc. That a Bill be brought in for general General Nat. Naturalization of Foreigners of the reformed Protestant Bill. Religion: And that it be referred to Mr. Cheney, Mr.

Garraway, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Fran. Goodrickc, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Milward, Col. Sir Richard

Ford, Sir Richard Temple, Col. Birch, Sir Lancelott Lake, Mr. King, Mr. Jones, Sir George Downing, or any

Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill.

Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in to prevent the importing importing of foreign Brandy: And that it is referred to Brandy.

Mr. Garraway, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. King, to prepare and bring in the Bill.

That a Bill be brought in for taking off the Aliens Aliens Duty. Duty upon home Commodities exported: And that it be referred to Mr. Garraway, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir William Lowther, Colonel Titus, Sir Charles Harbord,

Sir George Downing, Colonel Birch, Mr. Crouch, or

any Two of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill.

Information being given, that one Will. Curghay, the Privilege, menial Servant of Sir Roger Bradshaigh, was arrested, at the Suit of one Roger Stanton Esquire, about the Twelfth of January last, by Ralph Foster, Bailiff, upon a Writ made out by Peter Marsh, being known, at the Time of the Arrest, to be Sir Roger Bradshaigh's menial Servant;

Ordered, That the Persons above-mentioned be summoned by the Committee of Privileges the next Time of their Meeting, to attend, and give an Account concerning this Breach of Privilege objected against them; and that, in the mean time, all further Proceedings against the said William Curghay be stayed. '

Information being given to the House of a Breach of Ditto. Privilege committed against Sir Robert Dillingtoa Mem-

ber of this House, by serving him with a Subpoena out of Chancery, on the Monday Sevennight before the Meeting

of

8° Februarii.

eve

25 Car. II.

8‘

io'

13" Februarii.

Privilege.

of the House, by Robert Wheeler; Samuel being Plaintiff, and John Ball Attorney;

Ordered, That the Persons above-mentioned be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer this Breach of Privilege: And that it be referred to the Committee of Privileges to take it into their Consideration the next Meeting.

A Complaint being made, on the Behalf of Sir Charles Sidley, a Member of this House, of a Breach of Privilege committed against him;

And he standing up in his Place, and acquainting the House, that, being in London, near the Old Exchange, on * , his Coach and Horses were seised on by one Daniell Axton a Constable, carried away to the Greene Yard;and his Coachman, and other Servants that attended him, carried to the Compter; and himself also, though the Constable was informed, and did know, that he was a Member of this House, carried and detained Prisoner, in the Compter;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do apprehend the said Daniell Axton, for his Breach of Privilege: And that the Matter be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to take it into their Examination, the First Day of their Meeting.

Indulgence to The House then assumed the further Consideration of Dittenters. jjs Majesty's Speech: Which being again read;

And a Debate arising upon that Part of his Majesty’s . Speech, which relates to his Declaration for Indulgence to Dissenters;

Resolved, &c. That this Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning; Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 13° die Februarii, 1672.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Henry Herbert, Sir John Committee Mounsm Sir John Elwayes, Colonel Kirby, Sir of Privilege*. Humph. JVmch, Sir John Norton, Sir Lucy, Sir John Knight, be added to the Committee of Privileges.

A Bill to prevent the Stealing away and Selling of Child-teal-Children, and others, into Parts beyond the Seas, was iag. read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Crouch, Mr. Otway, Sir John Moreto Sir rard, Mr. Maynard, Sir Richard Francklyn, Colonel Gilby, Sir Edw.Masters, Alderman Backwell, Sir

Meeres, Mr. King, Mr. Westphaling Sir Anthony Irby, Lord Richardson, Sir Edw. Massey, S

ing, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Holland, Sir John Knight, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Daniell, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir '

Trevor Williams, Sir John Covert, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Edmond Windham, Colonel Birch, Sir

John Talbott, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. 77 Mortice,

and all the Members that serve for any Port Towns, and Merchants of the House: And they are to meet in the Speaker’s Chamber, on Saturday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

I-

"j

r-l.t

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 10* die Februarii, 1672.

A Bill to prevent Corruption and Abuses in electing Abuses 1* Members to serve in Parliumentwas read the Second time. Election*. . Resolved, See.That the Bill be committed to Sir John Covert, Sir Richard Eve raid, Sir Edward Massey, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Moreton, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Sir John Burnaby, Mr. King, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Holland, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Otway, Sir Robert Carre, Mr. Hobby, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Reeves, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Thomas Bludworth, Mr. Sir

Thomas Lee, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Mr. Dalton, Mr. Her-

bert, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Mallett, Mr.

Sir John Knight, Mr. Rigby, Colonel Birch, Sir Elwayes, Mr. Cheyney, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Mr. Devereux, Mr. Ashburnham, Lord Ashley, Mr. Johnson, Sir James Smith, Sir Jos. Tredinham, Mr. Onslow:

JIM

(it

Prayers.

Indulgence to r| ‘'HE House then resumed the Debate of that Part Dissenters. _|_ of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to his Declaration for Indulgence to Dissenters.

And the Declaration was read. . , . , - r

The Question being propounded, That penal Statutes, And ""V,"'l *° n,ee‘ °» F*? ,ne!It’ in Matters Ecclesiastical, cannot be suspended but by Act tlock a,e Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber.

of Parliament;

The Question being put, That the Question be now put;

The House divided.

Resolution against dispensing Pswer.

AddrtM.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Lee, ] r v co

c- rp irr/r> ror the Yeas, 108.

sir lrevor It d/iams, J ’

Sir Solomon Swale, 1 r XT c.

Mr. Cdlb, garni. j For ,lie Noes’ 116'

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The main Question being put, That penal Statutes,

in Matters Ecclesiastical, cannot be suspended but by

Act of Parliament;

It was resolved in the Affirmative

Resolved, Sec. That an humble Petition and Address,

upon this Vote and the Debate of the House, be forthwith

prepared and drawn up, to be presented to his Majesty;

And that it be referred to Mr. Attorney General, Sir

William Coventry, Mr. Pozvle, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Waller,

Sir Robert Carr, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Thom. Osborne,

Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Crouch, Colonel

A Petition o iVercBartu Esquire was read, complain- Chippenham ing of an undue Return made by the Bailiff of the Cor- Election, poration of Chippenham in the County of Wiltes, of Mr. Francis Winneto serve for that Place; whereas the Petitioner was legally and duly elected.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to take it into Consideration; and report the Matter, with their Opinions herein: And that they do sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Preservation and Increase Preservation of Timber be brought in Tomorrow Morning: And of Timber.

brought

that Mr. Birch do bring in the Bill

Ordered, That the Gentlemen appointed to prepare a Members Petition and Address to his Majesty do withdraw into to prepar* the Speaker’s Chamber for that Purpose: Address.

Which they did.

The Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty of Eigli- Supply Bill;

, «. ____teen Months Assessment, according to the Proportion of Eighteen

Strangewaies, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Mr. Edward Sey- the last Royal Aid, not exceeding Seventy thousand Pound

mour, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Milward, Sir John Bram- a Month, the whole amounting to One million Two hun-stem, Colonel Titus, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Thomas Leigh, dred thirty-eight thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Mr. Cheney, Serjeant Scys, Colonel Birch, or any Three of Pound, and the monthly Proportion to Sixty-eight thou-them, to prepare and bring in the Petition and Address. and Eight hundred and Nineteen Pound, was read.

Ordered, That the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply be read a Second time, on Saturday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Ordered,

And then the House be adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

25a 1V — 14

G reenland, Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire &c- Trade. into the Reasons of the Decay at the Eastland,

and Greenland Trade; and by what Means those Trades may be advanced and improved; and to prepare and bring in a Bill if they find Cause; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that it be referred to Sir George Mr. Wood, Sir Will.

Losother, Mr. Lowe, Sir Will.Doyley, Mr. Jones,

Allen, Sir Edze. Massey, Sir John Sir Thom.

Metres, Sir John Knight, Colonel Birch, Sir Cherries Hai'bord, Mr. Ford, Mr. Sir Thomas

worth, Mr. Garraway, Colonel Sir Philip Mus-

grave, Sir Humph. Winch, and all the Members of this House that are Merchants, or serve for any Port Town; and those that are of the Council of Trade, and the Customs; or any Five of them: And they are to meet on Saturday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber: And to send for Charters, Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion being made, and a Debate arising, for securing and improving the Plantation Trade to Virginia, and other Places;

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee appointed to inquire into the Reasons of the Decay of the Muscovy, Eastland, and Greenland Trade, to consider also of Ways and Means for securing and improving the Trade of Virginia, and other Plantations; and to prepare and bring in a Bill; or report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House, as they shall see Cause: And all the Members that are of the Council of Trade, and the Members that are Commissioners of the Customs, am added to the Committee: With like Power to them, or any of them, to make Report, or bring in a Bill, in this Matter, as they are in the former.

Coinage. Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Geo. Downing, Sir

Will. Thompson, Sir IViU. Lord her, or any one of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill for continuing the Act concerning Coinage; with such Additions as they shall think fit.

Expiring Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to in-

spect and consider the Laws expired, and near expiring; y and report their Opinions to the House, what is tit to be

continued or revived, and what not: And the said Committee are also to peruse the Clause in the Act for laying Impositions on Proceedings at Law concerning trivial Actions; and consider wherein the same is defective; and report their Opinions how it may be made effectual;

Mr. Crouch, Mr. Rigby, Mr Sir

Sir Anthony Irby, Sir George Dozening, Mr. Wood, Serjeant Scys, Sir Francis Goodricke, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Phil.Musgrave, Sir John Knight, Sir Mr. Will. Mountague, Sir John Covert, Sir John Fagg, Sir William Hickman, and all the Members of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: And they have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Report on Ordered, That the Report of the Petition and Address

Addres*. to be presented to his Majesty be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 14* die 1672.

Dover A PETITION of Thomas Papillm of London,

Election. £\_ Merchant, was read; complaining of an undue

Return of Sir Edward Spraggto serve as a Baron for the Town and Port of Dover, by Richard Jacob Esquire, Mayor of the said Town, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected and chosen to serve for that Place.

24

Februarii. 1672.

Another Petition of the Inmates, Common Council, Dover and Freemen of the Town and Pott of Dover was read; Election, complaining of the indirect Proceedings and Practices of the Baid Mr. Jacob, Mayor of Dover, in relation to the Election of a Baron to serve for the Town.

Ordered, That both the said Petitions be referred to the Committee of Elections, to take the Matter hereof, touching the Election and Return of a Baron to serve for the Town and Port of Dover, into Consideration; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill was read, for the better Observation of the Thir- Charles I. tieth of January, being the Day of the Martyrdom of Martyrdom. King Charles the First.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Powle reports from the Committee appointed Address on to prepare and draw up a Petition and Address to his Declaration Majesty, the said Petition and Address: Which he read, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at ®ence’ the Clerk’s Table: And the same being again twice read, is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Wr E Your Majesty’s most loyal and faithful Subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, do, in the first place, as in all Duty bound, return your Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks for the many gracious Promises and Assurances which Your Majesty hath several times, during this present Parliament, given to us, that Your Majesty w ould secure and maintain unto us the true Reformed Protestant Religion, our Liberties and Properties: Which most gracious Assurances Your Majesty hath, out of Your great Goodness, been pleased to renew unto us more particularly, at the Opening of this present Session of Parliament.

And further we crave Leave humbly to represent, That we have, with all Duty and Expedition, taken into our Consideration several Parts of Your Majesty’s last Speech to us, and withal the Declaration therein mentioned, for Indulgence to Dissenters, dated the Fifteenth of March last: And we find ourselves bound in Duty to inform Your Majesty, that penal Statutes, in Matters Ecclesiastical, cannot be suspended, but by Act of Parliament.

We therefore, the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses of Your Majesty's House of Commons, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that the said Laws may have their free Course, until it shall be otherwise provided for by Act of Parliament: And that your Majesty would graciously be pleased to give such Directions herein, that no Apprehensions or Jealousies may remain in the Hearts of Your Majesty’s good and faithful Subjects.

Resolxied, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the Petition and Address by them drawn up to be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, upon the Question, nemine contradicente, That a Bill be brought in for the Ease of his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects that are Dissenters, in Matters of Religion, from the Church of England.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Subject Matter of this Bill.

The Question being put, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired, to the Petition and Address to be presented to his Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Solomon Swale, J -p tl v Mr. Hcrbord, J the Yos, Ho..

il;f

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do acquaint his Majesty, that

this

45 Car, II. '14® — 15* — 180 Februarii.

35?

Committee of Privileges.

1.

this Hoase do desife to present an humble Petition and Address to his Majesty; and to desire of his Majesty, that he would please to appoint the Time and Place, when and where this House may attend him therewith*

Ordered, That Sir Lytmell Jenkins, Sii Will. Farmer, Lord Arran, Sir Edmond Pye, Mr. Bennett, Sir Thom. Woodcocke, Mr. Geo. Clarke, Sir John Colonel

Strode, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Rolles, Mr. Sir Robert

Long, Mr. AMmrth, Sir John Sir Will.

Mot'lcy, Sii \CirillWich, Mr. Evelen, Sir Laces Palmer,

Sir Phillipp IJarcourt, Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Robert

Holmes, Mr. Weld, Mr. Thomas Mr. Sir

George Fount, Sir George Sands, Mr. Onslow, Mr. John Hot ham, Sir Will. Hartopp, Sit Francis Weinman, Mr. Glascocke, Mr. Fotvlke Grevill’, Mr. Daniel Finch, be added to the Committee of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sif Job Charltons Letters to his Majesty, and the s;r j

Mr. Seymour,

thosen

Speaker.

Charlton’s Letters of Resignation.

Sabbati, 15° die Februarii, 1672.

Mr-SpeaWa \ TR. Speaker, being much indisposed in his Health, indisposition. jLVJ. came not to the House, till about Eleven of the Clock: When, taking the Chair;

Resolved,&c. That the House be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

Committee?. Ordered, That all Committees that were appointed,. do Sit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House. Committee of Ordered, That Sir Joseph Sir Francis

Privileges. Popham, Sir Geo. IiungcrjordSir Bucktiall, Mr.

Noell, Sir Bain. Throgmorton, Mr. Ash, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. John Hmo, Mr. John Bulla', be added to the Committee of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned (ill Tuesday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 18° die Februarii, 1672.

1* r a v e r s.

Mr. Speaker ^1HIE House being met; and Mr. Speaker’s Indis-issigns. JL position growing still more upon him, that he was not able to attend the Service of the House; and having sent a Letter to his Majesty, to desire his Leave to move the House, to permit him to retire into the Country; and to give them Leave to choose another Speaker: Which Letter, being communicated to the House, by Mr. Secre-taiy Coventry; who acquainted the House, that his Majesty had yielded to what was therein desired: And Mr. Speaker having also sent another Letter to the House, desiring to be excused from the Place of Speaker; and to retire into the Country: Both which Letters being read;

Mr. Secretary Coventry proposed, That, according to the Leave given them by his Majesty, they would proceed to the Electing of another Speaker: And did nominate and recommend to them Edward Seymour Esquire, eldest Son of Sir Edward Seymour Baronet, as a fit Person, both in respect of his Ability and Experience, as also of his Constitution and Health of Body, for the Speaker:

Who being called upon; stood- up in his Place, and did endeavour to excuse himself:

But That being not admitted; he was conducted to the Chair, by Sir Robert Carr, his Majesty’s Chancellor of the Duchy, and Mr. Secretary Where, after he had again desired Leave of the House, to desire his Majesty to excuse him, being set in the Chair;

A Message was 6ent from his Majesty, by Sif Edward Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod; viz.

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in His House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, and the House, went up to attend his Majesty. —

Vol. IX.

House of Commons, are as followeth;

May it please Your Most Excellent Majesty,

WHEN I first had Notice of Your gracious Intentions, to approve me, if elected by the House of Commons for their Speaker, I did endeavour my Excuse by all dutiful and decent Ways I Could; being really doubtful, lest my Indisposition of Health, through long Sittings, might arise to that Height of Distemper, that might prove prejudicial to the public Affairs.

Sir, My then Fears have unfortunately befallen me; and I was, on Saturday Morning last, instead of going on with the publick Business of the House, by their great Favour, permitted to adjourn till Tuesday following; . hoping by that Time my Distemper might have abated:

But now finding the contrary, I humbly beseech your Majesty’s Leave, that I may move your most dutiful and loyal House of Commons to permit me to retire into the Country; and to give them Leave to choose another Speaker: And no Day, that God shall be pleased to add to my Life, shall pass without a grateful Acknowledgment, in the warmest Devotion of,

Great Sir,

»7 F<r&-in tUYour Majesty’s most obedient,

Evemn°- and loyal Subject and Servant,

J. Charlton,

Directed: To the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

Honourable Gentlemen,

I GIVE you most humble Thanks fot the great Kindness you were pleased to shew me on Saturday last, iri adjourning io this Day. I was indeed in Hopes, by this Time, to have been able to have attended your Service;

But, finding myself to be still oppressed by the same Indisposition, and not foreseeing when ’tis probable I may be restored to a Health competent for your Service 5 lest the great Affairs before you suffer by further Delay,

I am in Duty forced to move you, that you would, with his Majesty’s Leave, proceed to the Choice of another Speaker, and permit me to retire into the Country; where, while I live, I shall have a grateful Remembrance of all Favours to

Your most faithful 18 Fe4. — 72. and humble Servant,

J. Charlton.

The House having presented Mr. Speaker; who being Mr. Speaker approved of by his Majesty; approved of.

Mr. Speaker returning, with the Mace carried before him; and having taken the Chair;

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That he, The King with other Members of the Privy Council, had attended appoints to his Majesty, and acquainted Him with (lie Desires of the be House, to present their humble Petition and Address to his Majesty; and to appoint a Time and Place when he would please to be attended therewith: And that his Majesty had been pleased to declare, That he Would expeet the Attendance of the House, Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Banquetting House at Whitehall.

A Petition of Sir William Egerton, Knight of the Chiping Bath, was read; complaining of an undue Practice, in one Mr. Lucas; who, pretending himself to be Mayor of the Borough of Chiping Wicombe, in the County of Bucks, had caused a Disturbance and Interruption to be made, in the Election of a Burgess to serve for that Place; and by that Means caused a double Return to be made, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected for that Place, by the proper Mayor.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to take the Petition into Com-sideration; and (0 report the Matter, with the'ir Opinions therein, to the House.

Another Petition of Sir John Borlace was read; alledg- Ditto, ing, Thdt he was duly elected Burgess, to serve for Chipping Wicombe; and was, by Indenture executed, duly

3 S returned

*54

18" — 190 — 20° Februarii. A. 1672.

Dartmouth

Election.

Supply Bilh

Protestant

Dissenters*

returned by the proper Mayor: And that one Thomas Gibbons was set up, in opposition to the rightful Mayor, to disturb the Election.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to take the Petition into Consideration; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Nathaniel Hcarne Was read; complaining of an undue Election of one Child, Merchant, to serve for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnes, in the County of Devon, in the room of Gould

Esquire, deceased; whereas the Petitioner was duly elected to serve for that Place.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections And Privileges; and to take the Petition into Consideration; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The Bill for his Majesty’s Supply was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, &c. That the Case of the City of London, in respect to their Losses, be recommended to the said Committee, for Ease in their Proportion.

Resolved, &c. That the House resolve into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to consider of the Subject Matter for a Bill of Ease to his Majesty's Protestant Subjects, Dissenters, in Matters of Religion, from the Church of England.

Resolved, &c. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the Subject Matter of a Bill for Ease to his Majesty's Protestant Subjects, who are Dissenters, in Matters of Religion, from the Church of England.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock, Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

MR. Speaker and the House being met, in order to The H©u« attend his Majesty with their humble Petition and Ad- attends the dress: Which being again read; Xbi

lhey adjourned to rive 01 the Clock; and went up to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker and the House returning;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had, according to their Direction, presented their humble Petition and Address to his Majesty: Who was pleased to return this Answer j That it was of Importance; and He would take it into His Consideration.

Ordered, That Sir Eduard Wise, Sir John Coventry), Committee of Mr. Ellyott, Mr. Henri) Goring, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Pnvi,eSM*

Charles Smith, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Banister Mainard, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Henley, Mr. Legg, Sir John Holman, Sir John Napper, Mr. Mr.

Goring, Sir Will.Francklyn, Sir Char. Wheeler, Mr.

Spencer, Sir Thom. Hanmer, Mr. Grimston , Sir,

be added to the Committee of Elections and Privileges.

Supply Bill. Resolved, See. That the House resolve into a Com- And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr

mittee of the whole House, on Friday Morning next, to Morning, Eight of the Clock,

proceed upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Committee of Ordered, That Lord Ogle, Sir John Downey, Captain Privileges. Jones, Sir Robert Worsley, Sir Worden, Lord Buck-

hurst, Mr. John Bailer, Sir Charles Sidley, Sir Nicholas Pelham, Mr. Richard Harrison, Sir Francis Anderson, Mr. Roger Janies, Sir Nick. Steward, Mr. Lee, Lord Vaughan, Mr Siockdale, Mr. Burlase, Colonel Nevill, be

added to the Committee of Elections and Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die 1672.

Prayers.

Chester A PETITION of William Williams Esquire, Re-Elecuou. jTjL corder of Chester, was presented, and read; complaining of a Practice and undue Return, made of Colonel Worden, to serve for Chester, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected to serve for that Place.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report the Truth of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House; and, in the first Place, to examine who is returned by the proper Officer.

?rott»tant The House then resolved into a Committee of the Pissentere. whole House, to take into Consideration the Subject Matter of a Bill for Ease to his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, who are Dissenters, in Matters of Religion, from the Church of Eng.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Consideration of the Matter to them committed; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to proceed in the Consideration thereof.

Jovis, 20* die Februarii, 1672.

Prayers.

A BILL being tendered, touching Blowing up or Destroying Demolishing Houses, to prevent the Increase of Houses to Eire; but without a Brief, or Leave of the House; stop Flre" Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill touching Blowing up Houses, to prevent the Increase of Fire, on Saturday next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Repairing the Repair of Churches: And that Sir Adam Churches,

do bring it in.

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act, intituled, An Coinage. Act for encouraging of Coinage, was read a First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Committee of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; Lord Mor- Privileges. peth, Sir John Austen, Colonel Sands, Mr. Sxvanton, Sir Stephen Fox, Sir Denny Ashbumham.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the protesunt whole House, to proceed upon the Consideration of the Dissenter*. Subject Matter of a Bill for Ease to his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, Dissenters, in Matters of Religion, from the Church of England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the said Committee,

That they had made some further Progress in the Consideration of the Matter to them committed; and humbly. moved, from the said Committee, That the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration thereof.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee

'of

.by ^-

k

& '

its

:rJf

ciift

r;2?

<E!

25 Car. II. t 206 — ii6 — 255

of the whole House, on Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 21* die 1672.

Prayers.

rewming fiRDERED, That a Bill be brought in, to prevent

tVoolrt 01 the Exportation of Wool.

Committee of Ordered, That these Members following be added to Privilege, the Committee of Elections and Privileges; vis. Sir Will. 'Drake, Mr. Waring, Sir William Thompson, Mr. Fran. Smith, Mr. John Harvey, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Mr. Packer, Sir Will.Bmcyer, Sit John Strode, Mr. Mr.

Bishop, Mr. SamuellSatidysyamov, Sir Edu-ard Massey, Sit

Robert Cordwell, Sir Lionell Walden, Sir Beecher, Sir

Theoph. Biddolph, Sir John Mr. Thom. Coven-

try, Mr. Thurbame, Mr. Phil. Howard, Sir Geo.

house, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr. Sir Henry

Felton, Sir Thom. MompcssSir John Lord

Cavendish, Mr. Aldzcorth, Sir Doyley, Mr. , Sir John Nkholas, Mr. Robert Roberts, Mr.

Sir Thomas Crete, Sir John Tufton, Mr. Sir

Thorn. Bludworth, Sir John Lord

Poor

Children

Apprentice*.

A Bill for Binding out poor Children Apprentices, was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill. A Clause was tendered, for Liberty to export Corn, to be added to the Bill of his Majesty’s Supply; and read.

The Question being put, That this Clause be read a Second time;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this Clause, for Liberty to export Corn, be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply is committed.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Attorney G eneral took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Attorney General reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, that they might have Leave to proceed further thereupon, on Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, 8cc. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, on Tuesday Aloming next. Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Who being called in to the Bar of the House, did own the Petition; and that the same was subscribed by them.

Which Petition did complain of an undiie Proceeding in Alderman Backwell, in procuring himself to be elected to serve in Parliament, for that Town.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to take the Alatler of the Petition into Consideration; and to report the Truth of the Case, with their Opinions herein, to the House.

Another Petition, of Thomas Wharton Esquire, was Wendovef

read; complaining also of the undue Return of Alderman Election. Backwell, to serve for the Town of Wendover, in Wrong and Injury of the Petitioner, w’ho was duly elected.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to take the Matter of the Petition into Consideration; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Hales Esquire, complaining of Hyeth an undue Return, made by the Alayor of Hyeth, of a Election. Baron to serve for that Port, in the room of Sir Henry Wood, deceased; whereas the Petitioner w as duly elected to serve.

Resolved, Scc. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to take the Alatter of the Petition into Consideration; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Wheeler, Henry Guyer, and Privilege! John Ball, the Persons taken into Custody, for Breach of Privilege, against Sir Robert was read;

submitting themselves to the Mercy of the House.

The Persons being called in; and kneeling at the Bar of the House, had a Reprimand from All*. Speaker, for their Contempt and Breach of Privilege.

Upon their Submission,

Ordered, That Robert Wheeler, Samucll Guyer, and John Ball, being the Persons taken into Custody by the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege, be discharged of their Commitment, paying their Fees.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Child and Woolrich's

Air. Clarke’, Award.

Air. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Transferring of an Award made by Sir Orlando Bridgman Knight and Baronet, late Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, for the Ending of all Differences in the Family of Sir Thomas WoolrichKnight and Baronet, deceased; and to enable John Wolryche Esquire, and his Heirs, to execute the Powers in the said Award mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That this Bill be read on Tuesday Aloming next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 22° di , 16?2.

Praters.

Committee of f "\RDERED, That Sir Court Alajor General

Privileges. Langhorne, Mr. Hugh Buscmen, Sir Humphry Hooke, Sir William Fenwicke, Mr. Somersett Fox, Mr. Waller, Sir John Sidenham, Air Air.

Sir Geo. Cartwright, Colonel Sir

Sir Joseph Ash, Mr. Child, Sir Robert Southwell, be added

to the Committee of Elections and Privileges.

Wendover . A Petition of William Freind, Francis Wells, and ^*cti6n* Benjamin Delafeild; on the Behalf of themselves, and several Inhabitants of the Town of Wendover, in County of Bucks, was read; subscribed by the Persons above-mentioned:

Vol. IX.

A Afotion being made, That such Alembers of this Motion for House, as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired Answer to to move his Majesty for his gracious Answer, to the Address-humble Petition and Address of this House;

And the House entering on the Debate thereof;

Ordered, That this Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Aloming next.

Resolved, See. That this House will resolve into a Protestant Committee of the whole House, on Monday Aloming, Dissenters, Ten of the' Clock, to proceed on the Consideration of the Subject Matter of a Bill for Ease to his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, Dissenters from the Church of England, in Alatters of Religion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

34° — "25°

A. 161$.

Li/nce, 24* dit Februafii, 1672.

Praters.

Committee of /"ORDERED, Thit Mr. Habe, Major General Privileges. 1/ Alderman Backwett, Mr. Edward , Mr.

Ltighto)i, Mr. Thomas Mr. Francis Finch, Mr.

John Rais hley, Alderman Sir Bassett, Sir

John Stapeley, Sir ThomBide, Colonel Robinson, Sir

Adam Brcncrte, Lord Hartley, Mr. Ellyott, Serjeant Seyd,- Mr. Collins, be added to the Committee of Election*! and Privileged

Strode'* A Petition of Sir William Strode, a-Member of this Petition. House, was read.

Resolved, &c. That at Committee be appointed to take the Matter of the Petition into Consideration; and to’ report the true State of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House: Arid that it be referred to Mr. Bley dull. Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Nicholas Mr.

Secretary Coventry, Sir

lawny, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Charles Harbord, Doctor Bitnoell, Mr. Echo. Busancen, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Gar array, Mr. Tregomell, Sir I

Temple, Sir Thomas Wendy, Mr. Parvlet St. John, Sir Coilrthey Poole, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Hugh Buscow Sir Richard Everard, Sir Will. Lbrcther, Sir 1'homas Meeresj Col Sir

John Hanmer, Sir Humph. Winch, Mr. Whorrcood, Unjohn Knight, Mr. Pozcle, Sir Rowl. Berkley, and all the Mem-, bers of this House, that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall:And they are to meet on next, at

Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary Coventry reports, and presents, ihWrite-l, from his Majesty, his Answer to the humble Petition and Address of this House: Which was thrice read; and

Answer to

Address ing, from his Majesty, his Answer to the humble Petition about Decla- ——

Indulgence, the Matter debated; and is as follow eth; viz.

menu

DlS Majesty hath received an Address from you: And he hath seriously considered of it; and r&turneth you this Answer: ,

That lie is very much troubled, that That Declaration, which He put out for Ends so necessary to the Quiet of His Kingdom, and especially in That Conjuncture, Should have proved the Cause of Disquiet in His House of Commons, and give Occasion to the Questioning of His Power in Ecclesiasticks: WThich lie finds riot done in the Reigns of any of His Ancestors. He is sure He never had Thoughts of using it otherw ise than as it hath been intrusted in Him, to the Peace and Establishment of the Church of England, and tire Ease of all His Subjects in general: Neither doth He pretend to the Right of suspending any Laws, wherein the Properties, Rights, or Liberties of any of His Subjects are concerned; nor to alter any thing in the established Doctrine of Discipline of the Church of England: But His only Design in this was, to take off the Penalties the Statutes inflict upon Dissenters; and which He believes* when well considered of, you yourselves would not wi§h executed according to tjhe Rigour and Letter, of the Law. Neither hath He done This with any Thought of avoiding or precluding tl^e Ad vice of His Parliament: And if any Bill shall be offered Him, which shall appear more proper to attain the aforesaid Ends, and secure the Peace of the ChiTrch arfd Kingdom; when tendered in due Manner to Him, He will shew how readily He w ill concur m all Ways that shall appear good for the Kingdom.

Given at the Court at ,the 24th of

February, 167^.

Resolved, &c. That the Thanks of this House be’ Thank* for returned to his Majesty, fOf his gracious Assurances- Answer-' and Promises in’ his Answer to the Address, presented to him by this House.

The House then went into the further Debate of his Majesty's Answer.

The Question being put, That the House be nowr Adjourn-adjourned;

The House divided.

The Nbes go-out.

Tellers,

I SSEm?"*' }For*eYea5(,23.

S32SU } F« ,*.

And so it passed iti the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Answer, to the Address of this House, be proceeded in Tomorrow Morning.

And then the Hoirie adjourned till Tomorrow^ Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 25* die Februdtii, 1672.

Prayers.

A BILL, sent from the Lords, for Confirming an WoolricP* Award made by Sir Orlando Bridgman Knight and Award. Baronet, late Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, for the ending of all Differences in the Familyof Sir Thomas Woolrich Knight and Baronet, deceased; and to enable John Woolrich, and his Heirs, to execute the Powers in the said Award mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second tithe, on Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for the Naturalization of Phillip Lloyd, -and Lloyd’s, *& others, was read the First time. Nat.

Resolved, See.That this Bill be read a Second time, on-Thursday Morning.

A Bill touching Blow ing, up of Pulling down Houses, Destroying to prevent the Increase of Pi re, Was read the First time. Houses to Resolved, See. That this Bill b« read a Second time, ,t0P Fire* oh Friday Morning next.

A Petition of Sathuell Atkson Constable, was read. Privilege — Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Com- Ackson'* , mittee of Privileges, to examine the Matter; and report Petltl0D-it; with titeir Opinions therein, ter the House.

A Gdmplaiht being made of a great Abuse and Misde- Privilege — meanour, against the Privilege of this House, by Anthony A1>use of Warner, William Little the Father, William Little the PeputL Son, Gyleis Sniith, Stephen Hunt, Thorites Tdylor, Richard erjea Buckell, Jacob Hdcfcr, Georgt Fletcher, and Thomas Morgan, by beating, wounding, binding with Cords, and Otherwise inhumanly dragging and using of John Deputy to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; when he, with others, were endeavouring to put in Execution a Warrant granted by the late Speaker Sir Turner Knight, now Lord Chief Baroir;

Resolved\ 8cc. That it be refereed to the Committed of Privileges, to examine the Abuse anti Misdemeanour complained of; contrary to the Privilege of thiB House; and to report the Matter* with their Opinions therein* to the House.

The House then proceeded to the further Consi- Answer t# deration of his Mdjfesty’S list Message, ih Answer to the Actfress Address of thi's Housh. consider*!.

And the Same being debated;

Resolved, &fc. That it be referred to i, Committee, td consider what Answer to return to his Majesty’s last Mes-16 Sags

£ 5 CAR. II. 25-26" FebruariL

port thereof1'6 of H°USe: And to make Ue* T t meet in the Court of Wards, at Two

Sir Thomas Mecres, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Will.° C °Ck’ lo'monow in the Afternoon.

fs, k

Fa

It.T-

.ill

net

12

0

Privilege.

Bill? sent fvoin Luids.

Repairing

Highways.

2 57

Coventry, Mr. Garrazray, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Mr.

H alter, Sir Philip Alusgrave, Mi-. SachevcrilT, or any

live of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Message, upon the Debate of the House, an Answer

Thrpp r>f thp C'\, in f lno Q r\mi Lot* ci f l~vaCTPp/1 Ithf* fVimmif-t nn/1 rlronn 1 j.

A Bill for taking away the Aliens Duty upon Home Aliens Duty. Commodities, was read. J

Resolved, &c. lhat this Bill be read a Second time.

Mr; Pozv/e reports from the Committee appointed Reply in to consider of an Answer to return to his Majestvs last Allswer to

A I__________ r\_i. r . 1 J J Address.

Protestant

Disseuurs.

Supply Bill

trfs

yt

rid

Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, &c. That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock; to consider of the Subject Matter for a Bill of Ease to his Majesty's Protestant Subjects, Dissenters in Matters of Religion from the Church of England.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. _____

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee, taining the Religion now established; and the Liberties Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. anc| properties of Your People: And we do not in the

Mr. Attorney General reportsfrom the said Committee, Jea.st measure doubt, but that Your Majesty had the same That they had made some further Progress upon the said gracious Intentions, in giving Satisfaction to Your Sub- Bill; and humbly moveo, from the said Committee, Tha.t jeets, by Your Answer to our last Petition and Address 1 the House would resolve into a Committee again on Erf- — ~ " - -

day Morning next, T en of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof; unless the Occasion and

agreed by the Committee; and drawn up, and put into M riting: \Y ljich he read in his Place; and then delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was twice read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty’s most humble and loyal Subjects the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in this present Parliament assembled, do render to Your Sacred Majesty our most dutiful Thanks, for that, to our unspeakable Comfort, Your Majesty hath been pleased so often to reiterate unto us those gracious Promises and Assurances of main-

Loisnre of the House will permit an earlier Proceeding.

Resolved, Sic.That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee

Yet upon a serious Consideration thereof, we find, that the said Answer is not sufficient to clear the Apprehensions, that may justly remain in the Minds of \ our People, by Your Majesty’s having claimed a Power to suspend penal Statutes, in Matters Ecclesiastical; and which \ our Majesty does still seem to assert in the said Answer, to be

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

of the whole 1 louse again, on Friday Morning next, T en intrusted in the Crown, and never questioned in the Reigns of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of of any youl- Ancestors: Wherein we humbly conceive, the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply; unless the Occasion and Your Majesty hath been very much misinformed; since Leisure of the House will permit an earlier Proceeding. po such Power was ever claimed or exercised by any of

Your Majesty’s Predecessors: And if it Should be admit-And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow niight tend to the Interrupting of the free Course of

*-i'~ r’i ' the Laws, and Altering the Legislative Power, which hath

always been acknowledged to reside in Your Majesty, and Your Two Houses of Parliament.

We do therefore, with an unanimous Consent, become again most humble Suitors unto Your Sacred Majesty, That You would be pleased to give us a full and satisfactory Answer to our said Petition and Address: And that Your Majesty would take such effectual Order, that

Mercur'd, 269 Fe, 1672.

Pbateii s.

OR DERED, That Owen Hobart be summoned to

attend the Committee of Privileges, to answer the . _ ,

Breach of Privilege objected against him, in causing the Proceedings in this Matter may not, for the future. Colonel Gray, a Member of this House, on the Eleventh be drawn into Consequence or Example, of this Monti), to he served with a Subpoena out of the

Chancery. The Answer to His Majesty s Message was again read,

. T , o. nr jc id , by Paragraphs: And the several Paragraphs, to the last,

ge from the Lords, by Sir Mundefot d Bt amp-were^ Upon the Question, severally agreed.

ir Like. Low; — The last Paragraph being read;

And the Question being put, That the Word " unani-

A Message sfon, and Sir

Mr. Speaker, T he Lords have sent you Two Bills, one intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the Transportation of Wool; and the other, An Act for confirming Agreements made between Sir Ralph Sir John

lianham Baronet, Ellis Beet hell, Thomas Richard

Warden, and John Edwards, by their Guardians, and divers other Persons: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Bill which concerns Sir Ralph

Baneks be read Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to look into the former Acts concerning Highways; and to consider of the Debates of the House; and to bring in a Bill for the better Repairing and Maintaining the Highways; viz. Sir I homas St rick I and, Sir Launcelot Lake, Sir Joseph 1 redinham, Sir John Rarnaby, Sir Edward Masters, Sir

John Morton, Sir John Cotton, Sir Edw. JMassey, Sir yrdered,

Courtney Poole, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir Ralph Rankes, 9]S Majesty Mi\ Culhinrrl Sir \n//»)inii / tv* iesty. tn Lrr

mous shall stand in this Paragraph;

T he House divided.

The Noes go out.

Tellers,

Lord St.John,

Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Rich.Temple,

Mr. Philip Harvard,j

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Paragraph; It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the whole Address be agreed to,

as it was brought in by the Committee.

Resolved, See. That this Address be presented to his

1

For the Yeas, 180. For the Noes, 77.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of ,s Pnvy Council, he desired to attend his Ma-

Maynard, Qu\.Birch, Mr. Jos. Maynard, Lord John, V Eoztiitng, Sir Thom. Wendy; or any Five of them:

0 JL* 1a.

Resolved, See. That the House do resolve into n b nm.ee o. the whole house Wtov fe"

3 1

ers.

of

1

2 5§ '2,6° — 27°

of the Clock, to consider of the Subject Matter, for a Bill of Ease to his Majesty's Protestant Subjects, Dissenters in Matters of Religion from the Church of England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jons, 27* die Fehrtiarii, 1672.

Prayers.

pir, lip Lloyd did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance

and Supremacy, at the Clerk's Table in the House, before Mr. Speaker, in order to his Naturalization.

Wonlrirh’s A Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming an Award Award. made by Sir Orlando Bridgman Knight and Baronet, late Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, for the ending of all Differences in the Eamily of Sir Thomas Knight and Baronet, deceased; and to enable John -rich Esquire, and his Heirs, to execute the Powers in the said Award mentioned, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Ralph BankSir Sir Anth.

Irby, Colonel Sands, Mr. Maynard, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Sir Rich. Sir

John Covert. Sir Thomas Sir Charles liar hard. Sir John Trevor, Sir Thom. Ilanmer, Mr. Mr. Fox,

Sir Cha. Musgrave, Sir Sir Adam

Bromic, Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Held, Mr. Sands jun. Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir I Chit more, Serjeant Scys, Mr. Qahcly, Mr. Leighton, Mr. James, Mr.

Newport, Mr. Mervell, Mr. Streete, Mr. Mr. Price, Sir John Winnc, Mr. G a era-way, Sir Herbert. Price, Sir CicillBishop, Mr. Grey, Mr. Mr. Morgan, Sir

Francis Lav-ley, Sir John Mallett, Mr. JCareing, Sir Walter St.John, Mr. Powlc, Sir John Newton, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Dalton, Col. Robinson, Mr.

Titus, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Salop and Stafford; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lloyd’s, &c. A Bill for Naturalization of Philip Lloyd Esquire, was Nau read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Maynard, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Everard, Mr. Jl arcing, Sir Ralph Bankes, Colonel Sands, Sir Wm. Sir

Trevor Williams, Sir Jo Trevor, Sir John Brampston,

Sir Thom. Bide, Mr. W Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr.

Crouch, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir John MoretonSir Lord

Ashley, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Covert, Sir Thomas Dolman, Sir Thom. Clergis, Mr. Birch, Mr. Morrice, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Doctor

But-well, Sir John Birken; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards, at Two of the Clock: And to send for Persons, Papers, anil Records.

JSankes’, kc. A Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming Agree-Agreexueuts. inf'ut.- made between Sir Ralph Bankes, Sir Hanham Baronet, EllisBclhell, Thomas Mackrtll, Richard War-land and John Edwards, by their Guardians and divers other Persons, was read the First time.

Resolved, ike. That the Bill be read a Second time, on Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Fowcourt’s, Ordered, That Mons. and the Children of

&c. bat. Sir John Griffth, be inserted in the Bill of Naturalization.

Kins ap- Sir Robert Carr acquaints the House, That he, with points to be other Members of the Privy Council, had attended his attended. Majesty, to know his Pleasure when he will be attended with the further Address of this House, upon his Majesty's last Message: And that his Majesty did expect their

17

Februarii. 1672.

Attendance this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, at the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Protestant whole House, to consider of the Subject Matter for a Bill Dissenter*, of Ease to his Majesty's Protestant Subjects, Dissenters in Matters of Religion from the Church of England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meerestook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the said Committee,

That they had considered of Heads for a Bill of Ease to his Majesty's Protestant Subjects, Dissenters in Matters of Religion from the Church of England; and that he was ready to make Report thereof: And humbly moved from the said Committee, that the House would sit this Afternoon, after their Return from his Majesty, to review the same.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the said Committee, to sit this Afternoon; to receive the Report of the Heads for a Bill of Ease to Protestant Dissenters in Matters of Religion from the Church o

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met; and the further Address of Further the House, to be presented to his Majesty, being again Aililretsin read; P'T\V l)ie-

Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to to stlllei1*

attend his Majesty: And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That, he having presented, and read the Address to his Majesty, he was pleased to say,

That it was of Consequence; and would take it into his Consideration.

A Bill on the Behalf of Sir Robert Williams, to enable williams? him to make Leases for raising of Portions, and making Estate. Provision for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, ike. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Jeremiah Snow was read; complaining Micliell of an undue Election and Return, made of Humphrey tlcCtlon’ Burlase Esquire, for to serve as Member of Parliament, for the Borough of Michellin Corncwin wrong of the

Petitioner, who was duly elected.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the matter thereof; and to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Elec- ChippmEun tiens, in the Case between Mr. Gzand Mr. Election, concerning the Election for the Borough of Chippenham, be heard upon Saturday Morning Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir John Hobart be added to the Com- Committee of mittee of Elections and Privileges: And all that come to the said Committee shall have Voices.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Committee of the Protestant whole House, appointed to consider of the SubjectMatter Dissenter* for a Bill of Ease to his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects,

Dissenters in Matters of Religion from the Church of England, several Heads and Resolves, agreed by the Committee for the Subject Matter of the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were again read.

And being read a Second time; and all of them, except the last, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The said last Resolve being read a Second time; and the Words " of the said," after the Word " any" being, upon the Question, agreed to be omitted; the Resolve was, upon the Question, agreed to: And are as followeth; viz.

Resolved,

K

25 Car. II.

27® — 2 8° Februarii.

159

Kn

Resolved, &c. That Ease shall be given to his Ma- A Bill touching the Blowing up, or Pulling down, of Destroying

iestvslVotestant Subjects, Dissenters in Matters of Reli- Houses, to prevent the Increase of Fire, was read the Houses to

1 /* _ c______1 ___ stop iirt.

gion, who shall subscribe the Articles of the Doctrine of the Church of England, and shall take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Resolved, &c. That the said Protestant Subjects be eased from all Pains and Penalties, for not coming to Church.

Resolved, &c. That the Clause in the late Act of Uniformity, for declaring the Assent and Consent, betaken away by the Bill.

Resolved, ice. That the said Protestant Subjects be eased from all Pains and Penalties, for meeting together, for the Performance of any Religious Exercises.

Resolved, &c. That every Teacher shall first give Notice of the Place where he shall intend such his Meeting, to the respective Quarter Sessions; where, in open Court, he shall also first make such Subscription, and take such Oaths as aforesaid; and receive from thence a Certificate thereof: Where all such remain upon Record.

Resolved, &c. That any such Teacher may exercise as aforesaid, until the next respective Quarter Sessions; and no longer, in case be shall not first take such Oaths, and make such Subscription, before Two of the neighbouring Justices of the Peace; and shall first give them Notice of the Place of his intended Meeting; and take Certificate thereof under the said Justices Hands: A Duplicate whereof they are to return in to the next Quarter Session.

Resolved, &c. That the Doors and Passages of all Houses and Places, where the said Dissenters do meet, shall be always open and free, during the Time of such Exercise.

Resolved, &c. That this Bid continue but for One

Proceedings shall

Year; and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That if any Dissenters refuse to take Churchwardens Oaths, that then he shall find another fit Person, who is no Dissenter, duly to execute That Office; and shall pay him for his Pains.

Resolved, ike. That a Bill he brought in upon the said Resolves and Heads agreed to: And that it be referred to Sir Thomas Mares, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Buncombe, Dr. Burzrell, Sir Robert Carre, Sir John Bramston, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Suinfcn, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Garra-way, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Mallet, Sir John Loud her, Sir Philip Musgrave, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill accordingly: And that it be referred to Sir Thomas Metres to take care of the Bill.

Teaching the Cateebum.

A Motion being made, and a Debate arising, touching the most useful, and for many Years past too much neglected, Duty of Educating and Instructing the Youth of the Kingdom in the Catechism enjoined by the Liturgy of the Church of England.

Ordered, That a Bill be prepared and brought in, to enjoin all Persons that are in Ecclesiastical Preferment, under a Penalty, to catechize and instruct the Youth, within their several Parishes and Places of Incumbency, every Sunday ;n the Afternoon, in the Church Catechism:. And to explain the same; and expound thereupon to the Congregation: And it is recommended to the Care of Mr. Attorney General, to prepare tind bring in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 28* die Februarii, 1672.

Second time. stop

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas C/ergis, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Thomas Meerts, Mr. Wcsiphaling, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Ilanmer, Sir John Talbot, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir William Buck-nail, Mr. Crouch, "Mr.Steward,

Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Morton, Sir John Bramston, Sir Edw. Masters. Mr. Maynard, Colonel Gdby, Lord Ashley, Sir Norton Knatchbold, Mr. Onslow,

Sir Thom. Bide, Mr. Ford, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Knight, Lord Ancrarn, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr. Mcrvell, Doctor Burn-ell., Sir E/iab Harvey,

Sir John Loud her, Mr. Hood, Mr. Pozcle, Mr. Plcydall Colonel Birch, Sir Edm. Winham, Mr. CuUiJord, Mr.

Daniell, Sir John Frederick, Sir Robert Carr, and all the Members that serve for London, Bristoll, Southwarke, and Westminster: And all that come shall have Voices:

And they are to meet on Monday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Ilairy Robinson was read. Ditto.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Bill was committed touching Blowing up of Houses.

A Bill for binding poor Children Apprentices, was P^r Chil

Durham, Election of Member*,

Praters.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the County of Durham to send Knights and Burgesses to serve in Parliament: And that the Bill be torney General, Mr. Pawle, Sir Robert Horward, Mr. read Tomorrow Morning. Crouch, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Thom. Osborne,

read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir William Coventry, Colonel Birch, Mr. Henley, Mr. Peirpoint, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Bennett, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Hugh Buscowoi, Sir R ich. Steward, Mr. Onslow, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir John Knight, Mr. Low, Sirjonath.. Tre-lawny, Lord Ancrarn, Sir John Covett, Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Maynard, Sir A nth. Irby, Mr. CuUiJord, Sir Launc. Lake, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Edw. Buscowen, Mr. Dowdsivell, Sir Thom. I Limner, Sir John Bramston, Sir Leoline Jenkins, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Mounson, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Swantcn: And all that come to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Clause was delivered in, and twice read, for settling the Wages of Labourers and Workmen.

Resolved, ike. That this Clause he committed to the same Committee to which the Bill for binding poor Children Apprentices is committed.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney G eneral took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reports from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress upon the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would resolve into a Committee again, on Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, on Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an Address be prepared, to be presented to his Majesty, for suppressing the Growth of Popery.

Resolved, That the Address to be presented to his Majesty, for suppressing the Growth of Popery, be draw n up upon the Subject Matter of the Address passed this House, for that Purpose, October 26th, 180 Caroli Secundi; and now read.

And that it be referred to Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr. At-

d’ n Apprentices.

Supply Bilk

Preventing Growth of Popery.

26 o

28° Februarii.

30 Mar

A.\6q2.

Sir Thomas Lee, or any Three of them, to prepare and in the Election of a Knight to serve for that

bring in the same: And they are to meet this Afternoon, County; at 'l hree of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Rut tl

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in for the incapaci-

ll Y1 > *>

tuting of all Persons who shall refuse to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Sacrament, according to the Hites of the Church of England, of holding any publick Employments, military or civil: And that it be referred to the Committee appointed to draw up the Address for suppressing of Popery, to prepare

li* 1 -i

there being no Return yet made;

Ordered, That the Sheriff of Suffolke do make his Return of the Election for that County.

,-j3

Sir Thomas reports from the Committee of Chippenham

Elections, the State of the Case touching the Election for tkcUon* the Borough of between Mr. Gnyn, who

was returned, and sits in the House, and Mr.

Bertie, who did by Petition appeal against the Election and Return, as unduly made; and the Evidence therein And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow before the Committee on either Side; and the Votes by

and bring in the same

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 1* die Mail 'd, 1672.

Prayers.

Privilege. A COMPLAINT being made, on the Behalf of 11 Sir Courtney Poole, a Member of this House, for a Breach of Privilege committed against him by one Gibbon of the City of Exeter, by causing one the Servant and Agent of Sir Courtney, to be arrested;

Ordered, That the Matter be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege objected against the said Gibbon; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that Gibbons be summoned to attend the Committee on Thursday Sevennight next.

Ditto. A Petition of Charles Knozrfes, a Deputy of the Ser-

jeant at Ai ms attending the House, was read, complaining of an Abuse and Breach of Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and certify it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

them passed thereupon: Which Resolves are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Sec. That Francis the Sitting Mem-

ber, is not well elected a Burgess to serve in the Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham.

Resolved, &c. That Vere B Esquire is well elected

a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham.

Resolved, &c. That Jonathan Rogers, the Bailif of Chippenham, do attend, till this Report is made, in order to the Amending of his Return, if the House shall so think lit.

The said Report being debated;

The Question being put, That the House now proceed to determine the said Report;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Solomon Swale,

Sir John Morton, J

Sir Nich.Carew, \

Sir John Coventry,

For the Yeas, 11 o. For the Noes, 125.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate thereof be ad* journed till Monday Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

And then the

Morning,

House adjourned the Clock.

Eight of

till Monday

Durham, A Bill for enabling the County Palatine of Durham to Election of sen(j Ivniorhts and Burgesses to Parliament was read, embers. Resolved,&c. That this Bill be read a Second time, at Ten of the Clock on this Day Sevennight.

Transporting A sent, from the Lords, for preventing Frauds in the Transportation of Wool, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Bankes’, &c. A Bill, sent from the Lords, for confirming certain Agreement#. Agreements concerning Sir Ralph Bankes, Sir

ham Baronet, Ellis Bet hell, 7, Richard

Warland, and John Eduards, by their Guardians, and divers other Persons, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Adam Browne, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir John Swale, Sir John Brunet/, Sir John Moreton, Sir Sir

J\fasgrave, Sir John Cotton, Sir Covert, Mr

Sir John ff’erden. Sir Edw. Masters, Mr Mr. Grey, Sir John I lot ham, Sir John Strode, Mr. Mr.

Chctwin, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir John Coventry, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Strode, Lord Ashley, Sir Harrison, Mr. Swan ton, Lord Ancram, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Sir

Franklyn, Sir Thomas LSir John Talbot, Air.

Mr. I Chit taker. Sir Francis Sir

Mr. Pitt, Sir King.milI Lucy, and all the Members that

serve for the Counties of Dorset and And they

are to meet on Monday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

poor fMr I. Ordered, That the Report of S'wLfln. Coventry, of the

d cu Appien- Bill for binding out poor Children Apprentices, lie heard lu ti. on Monday Morning.

Stifttke A Petition of Sir Baronet was

Liectiou. road; complaining ot an undue Carriage in the Sheriff of

Luna, 3° die Martii, 1672.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That these Members following be strode'* added to the Committee to which the Petition of Sir r«uuo"* William Strode is committed; viz.Sir John Colonel Norton, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Crouch, Air.

Sir William Coventry reports from the Committee to Poor Clni-which the Bill for binding poor Children Apprentices was dna‘APi)iett* committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Also a Clause, agreed to be added instead of the Clause brought in and committed with the Bill, for P.elief of Covenant Servants and Labourers: Which lie read in his Place: And the same being twice read; and, with one Amendment made at the Table, severally agreed;-Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clause agreed to, be ingrossed.

o ? o

A Petition of James Hcblelhwaite Esquire was read; Malum complaining of an undue Return made of ^uctlu,u

alias Gower, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of in the County of Yorke, in the stead of Sir Thomas Gower Knight and Baronet, deceased, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected and returned for that Place.

And a Cross Petition of William Levison, alias Gower,

Esquire, being read; making the like Complaint, of the undue Return of Air. Hcbelthwaile;

Ordered, That both their Petitions be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petitions; and report the State of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Birch presents a Bill for the Preservation and In- ®rwn»ti«» crease ot limber, brought in by Order of the House. lml0‘r'

Ordered,

25 Car. II. 30 — £ Mar fit. 261

Ordered, That the Bill for the Preservation and Increase of Timber, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Chippenham

Election.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Report of the Election for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wiltes, between Mr. Gwynnand Mr. Bartie, and tire

several Resolves agreed by the Committee.

The First Resolve being read again j The Question beingput, To agree with the Committee, That Fere Bartie Esquire is well elected a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham; The House divided.

The Noes go out.

Tellers,

Mr. Berty, I

Mr. JFeld,

Sir Thomas Lee, 1

Sir John Coventry, J

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Mr. Francis Gwynn, the Sitting Member, is duly elected to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham;

The House divided.

for the Yeas, 112. for the Noes, 127.

The Noes go out.

Tellers,

Lord St. John,

Lord Cavendish,

Lord A iron,

Lord Cornbury,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

J

for the Yeas, 142. for the Noes, 118.

immediately disbanded, arid not allowed or continued in any Pay or Pension: And that the Chancellor shall require due Returns to be made thereof, within some convenient Time, after the Issuing out of the said Commissions:

That the Commissaries of the Musters be commanded and enjoined by Your Majesty’s Warrant, upon the Penalty of losing their Places, not to permit any Officer to be mustered in the Service and Pay of His Majesty, until he shall have taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the Laws and Usage of the Church of England: And, that every Soldier, serving at Land, shall take the said Oaths before his First Muster; and receive the Sacrament in such manner, before his Second Muster.

And this, we present, in all Dutifulness, to Your Majesty’s Princely Wisdom and Consideration, as the best Means for the satisfying and composing the Minds of Your loyal Subjects; humbly desiring Your Majesty graciously to accept of this our Petition, as proceeding from Hearts and Affections intirely devoted to Your Majesty’s Service; and to give it Your Royal Approbation.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to this Address: And Mr. Pozcle is to carry it up for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Address for Mr. Powle reports from the Committee appointed to Growth of prepare an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, for popery.0 suppressing the Growth of Popery, an Address agreed to by the Committee, and prepared and drawn up in Writing: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which bein'? again read; and being a Second time read over by Paragraphs; and after some Amendments made at the Table; was agreed to; and is as followeth,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most loyal Subjects, the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, being very sensibleof the great Dangers and Mischief:, that may arise within this your Majesty’s Realm, by the Increase of Popish Recusants amongst us; and, considering the great Resortof Priests and Jesuits into this Kingdom, who daily endeavour to seduce Your Majesty's Subjects from their Religion and Allegiance; and how much Your loyal Subjects are disheartened to see such Popish Recusants admitted into Employments of great Trust and Profit, and especially into military Commands over the Forces now in Your Majesty’s Service; and, having a tender Regard to the Preservation of Your Majesty’s Person, and the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom; do, in all Humility, desire, That Your Majesty would be pleased to issue out Your Royal Proclamation, to command all Priests and Jesuits (other than such as not being natural born Subjects to Your Majesty, are obliged to attend upon Your Royal Consort the Queen), to depart within Thirty Days out of this Your Majesty’s Kingdom: And, that if any Priest or Jesuit shall happen to be taken in England, after the Expiration of the said Time, that the Laws be put in due Execution against them: And that Your Majesty would please, in the said Proclamation to command all Judges, Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Pail ills, and other Officers, to put the said Laws in Execution accordingly:

That Your Majesty would likewise be pleased, that the Lord Chancellor of England sha\\, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March instant, issue out Commissions of Deditnus Potestatem, to the Judge Advocate, and Commissaries of the Musters, and such other Persons as he shall think fit, (not being Officers commanding Soldiers) to tender the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to all Officers and Soldiers now in Your Majesty’s Service and Pay: And that such as refuse the said Oaths, may be Vo 1. IX.

- Mart is, 4° die Martii, 1(572.

Praye its.

A PETITION of the Lord was Suffolk*

read; complaining of a Double Return, made by the Election. Sheriff of SnJjbHcc, in Wrong of the Petitioner, w ho was

duly elected to serve in Parliament as Knight of the Shire for that County, and ought to have been singly returned.

Resolved, See. That this Petition be relerred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The Bill for taking off the Aliens Duty upon Home Aliens Duly, Commodities exported, w as read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gar-raxvay, Sir Launcelot Lake, Sir John Covert, Sir Geo.

Reeve, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John

Knight, Lord Richardson, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Harvey, Mr. Ford, Mr. Herbert, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir John Moreton, Colonel Birch, Mr. Ford, Lord Ashley,

Sir Rich. Everard,-Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Sicanlon,

Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir Edward Masters, Sir John Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Pedley, Sir John Lowther, Sir William Thompson, Sir Richard Brahcnn, Mr. Bence, Sir Anthony Cope, Sir Rich. Edgccomb, Mr. Noseworthy,

C o 1 o n e \Ph ill ipj> v, Colonel Strangwaycs, Sir

Sir Thomas Woodeocke, Sir John Sir Anthony

Irby, Mr. Whittaker, Mr. Hobby, Sir,

Mr. Morrke, Sir Will. Lend her, Sir Sir

Robert Carr, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Sir Thom.

Bhuhcorth, Mr. Ctt/iif 'ord, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Mompesson, Sir Richard Powle, Sir John Robinson, Sir Fere Fane, Mr. Wltorxtvod, Sir Thomas Bide, and all

that serve for the Cities of Jjondon, and Ex eter:

And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Preservation and Increase of Timber, Preservation was read the First time. of Timber.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Continuance of A former Act, for the Eli- Coiwj*. couragement of Coinage, was read the Second tifne.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Geo.

Downing, Sir John Talbot, Sir Witt.Strode, Colonel Gllby,

Sir Rich.Francklyn, Mr. Morrice, Sir Launcelot Lake.

3 U Mr.

Supply Bill.

Suffolk©

Election.

Privilege.

Thirks

Election.

Child-

stealing.

262

Martiu

A. 1672*

Nr.Chetwyn, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir ThonuisJVoodcockc, Mr. Dowdszcell, Sir Charles Mr. Ford, Mr.

JoUrffe, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Jones, Sir Theoph. Biddolph, Sir Heneage Finch, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Robert

Sir Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Strode, Sir

Thomas Allen, Sir John Pettus, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir John Duncomb, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Will. Lowther, Sir Will. Thompson, Sir Thom.

Mr. Looe, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General: And they are meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reports from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the said Bill: And humbly moved from the said Committee, that the House would resolve again into a Committee of the whole House, on Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof: And that the House would order, That the respective Knights of the Shire, and the Alembers that serve for the several Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, do bring in the List of Names of Commissioners to be inserted in the said Bill, to the Clerk of this House, by Thursday next.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, on Saturday Aforning next, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply: And that the respective Knights of the Shire, and the Alembers that serve for the several Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, do bring in the Lists of Names of Commissioners to be inserted in the said Bill, to the Clerk of this House, by Thursday next.

A Petition, on the Behalf of Sir Samuell Barnardiston Baronet, was read; complaining of a Double Return, made by the Sheriff of Sufib/ke, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected to serve in Parliament as Knight of the Shire for that County, and ought to have been singly returned.

Resolved, See. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report it with their Opinions in this Case, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, to prevent Transporting Frauds in the Transportation of Wool, was read a 'v°o1' Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir vor Williams, Col. Sands, Mr. Wood, Air. 7ho.

Air. Gwynn, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Sir

Ash, Mr. Fount, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Felt us, Air.

Cornwall, Mr. Hopkins, Sir WmCoventry, Colonel Titus, Mr. Price, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Air.

emven, Mr. Spry, Sir Thom.Peyton, Colonel Williams,

Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Hobby, Sir Anthony Irby, Air.

Noell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Mr.

Knowles, Colonel Gil by, Lord Richardson, Mr. Cordell,

Sir John Newton, Sir Wm.Hickman, Sir Air.

Powle, Lord Cornbury, Mr. ComewDoctor Arris, Mr. Broxholme,'Six. JI estph a ling, Mr. If right, Mr. Ware-

ing, Sir Ralph Banckes, Sir John Morcton, Sir, John

stan, Mr. Norton: And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to take the Bill into Consideration to prevent the Transportation of W ool out of the Kingdom of Ireland: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Highways the Repairing the Highways and Streets of the Out and Streets Parishes adjoining to the City of London.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to which Wool rich’s the Bill, sent from the Lords, for Confirming an Award, Award, made by Sir Orlando Bridgman Knight and Baronet, late Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of for the

ending of all Differences in the Family of Sir Thomas Woolrich Knight and Baronet, deceased; and to enable John ll winch Esquire, and his Heirs, to execute the Powers of the said Award mentioned; That the Committee had met, and carefully perused the Bill; and considered of the Award thereby confirmed; and had returned the Bill, without any Amendment.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Janies Earl of Karl of Salisbury, to let Leases of certain Lands and Tenements, s,ullb,»iry’« for any Term not exceeding Forty Years, was read a First EsUt"’ time.

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report of the Alatter concerning Wickham the Election for Wickham, between Sir William Egerton Klee non. and Sir John Burlace, be heard Tomorrow Alornin".

O

Ordered, That the Committee for Privileges do examine the Alatter of Breach of Privilege, in Axson a Constable, complained of by Sir Charles Sidley, the first Business on Thursday next.

A Petition of Robert Wharton Esquire was read; complaining of an undue Carriage of Air. Roger Meynell the Bailiff of the Borough of Thirks in the County of Yorke, in the Election and Return for that Place; and of a Double Return, made by the Sheriff.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter thereof; and, in the first Place, to examine, who was returned by the proper Officer; and the Error of the Sheriff, in making the Return; and to report the Alatter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Dntchv of enable his Majesty to make Leases of his Dutchy Lands Cornwall in Cornwall. Leasing.

Ordered, That the Committee for the Bill for prevent- A,n‘fS m ing Abuses in electing Alembers to serve in Parliament, ea‘on*’ be revived and do sit this Afternoon: And that these Persons following be added to the Committee; Sir John Newton, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Thomas Allen,

Air. Boscowen, Mr. Morrice, Sir Charles Harbord, Air.

Maynard, Mr. Finch, Sir Fan!Ice Lucy, Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Daniell,

Sit Geo. Fletcher, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Sir

Barnham, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir Lancelot. Lake, Air.

Morgan, Mr. Henley, Mr. Swanton, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Norton Knalchbold, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Francis Clarke, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Roll, Sir Edward Massey, Mr. Ash, Mr. Noell, Sir Robert Carre, Mr Phillipps: And all that come to have

Voices.

An ingrossed Bill concerning Apprentices and Servants Poor CtiiU Mercurii, 5‘ die Martii, 1672. Wages, was read the Third time. dren APt»ren-

A Proviso, for making That Part of the Bill which re-Prayers. lates to Servants Wages temporary, was tendered, and

ORDERED, That the Committee to which the Bill Thrice read: And, upon the Question, agreed to be

to prevent the Stealing and Transporting of Children made Part of the Bill, and others, was committed, be revived; and do sit this Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Afternoon, at Two of the Clock. be, An Act concerning Apprentices and Servant Wages,

itt.

iO:v*

*a

.rU

.lAVi

i'lhi

CCuS-

uM

rr.d

daily

ri-^1

25 Car. II.

6° Martiu

Williams’ A Bill to enable Sir Robert Baronet, to make

Estate. Leases for One-and-tuenty Years, or Three Lives, for

Education, Maintenance, and raising of Portions for his Three Daughters, and younger Son, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Trevor, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Solomon Mr. Mor-

tice, Sir LauncelotLake, Mr. Finch, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Sir Robert Hozcard,

Mr. Mortice, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Richard Francklyn, Sir John Knight, Sir Heneage

Finch, Sir Wm. Strode, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Lancelot Lake, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir John Talbot, Sir Nich. Carey, Sir John Morton, Sir Philip Colonel Gilby, Mr. DozcMr. Crouch, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Doctor

Burnell, Sir Foulke Lucy, Mr. Lucy, and all the Members that serve for the Six Northern Counties of Wales: And they are to meet on Monday, at Two of the Clock, in the Duchy Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Berkley’s A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Child and Sir Tun. Baldzoyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill for transferring the Interest of a Term of Years in certain Manors and Lands, late of.. . Robert Berkley Knight, deceased, and Payment of Portions appointed to his Grandchildren: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Coioage. Ordered, That all the Merchants that are Members, and all that serve for the Port Towns, be added to the Committee for the Bill concerning Coinage.

Highways A Bill for repairing the Highways and Streets of the tad Streets. Qut paris|ies> was read.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Powers of the said Award mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Confirmation of an Award, made by Sir Orlando Bridgman Knight and Baronet, late Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, for the Ending of all Differences in the Family of Sir Thomas Knight and Baronet, deceased; and to enable John Woolrich Esquire, and his Heirs, to execute the Powers of the said Award mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Collection of the more easy collecting of Vicars small Tythes. lythes.

A Bill for Ease to Protestant Dissenters, in Matters of Protestant Religion, from the Church oi England, was read the First Dissenters, time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to peruse the Committee Journal of this House; and, if they find any Error or to peruse Mistake in the Votes, Orders, and other Entries, to see Journals, them rectified.

And it is referred to Lord Cornbury, Sir Anth. Irby,

Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Dowdstcell, Mr. Garrazcay, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Milzcard, Mr. Cheney, Sir Jonathan Mr.

Mr. Szcinjen, Sir Thomas Ctergis, Sir Chari. Harbord,

Sir Thomas Allen; or any Three of them: And the Clerk of the House is to put them in mind every Morning of perusing the Journal, as is directed.

A Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery was read the preventing Second time. Growth oi

Resolved,&c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. At- I’opwy-tomey General. Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Robert Carr,

Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Sir

Robert Howard, Sir Thomas Mceres, Lord Cast/etcn, Sir

Preventing Growth of Popery.

Naturalization Bill.

Impairing

Highways.

Bankas', &c. Agreement

Berkleys

Estate.

The Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery was read. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 6* die Martii, 1672.

P r a v e e s.

f \ R D E R E D, That the Committee for the Bill of Naturalization be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee for Highways be revived; and that Mr. Cheney be added to the Committee; and that the Committee do sit this Afternoon.

Mr. Whitaker reports from the Committee, to which the Bill on the Behalf of Sir Ralph Rankes was committed, that the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and found no Cause of any Amendment; and had returned the Bill unaltered.

Win.Coventry, Mr. Milliard, Colonel Sir

Will. Lore/her, Sir John Strode, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir

Charles Harbord, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Hobby, Sir Birkenhead, Sir John Holland, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir

John Heath, Lord Aneram, Mr. Chalmondli Sir

Cotton, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Szcinfen, Mr.

Colonel Sands, Mr. Garrazcay, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Chetwyn

Sir John Covert, Sir John MoretonMr. Maynard, Sir

Anthony Cope, Mr. Ben net, Sir Thomas Allen, Col. Birch,

Lord Ashley, Mr. Buseorven, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Hanmer, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Sir John Duncombe, Sir Thomas Clergis, Lord And all that come shall have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Child, and Sir Conference Timothy Baldwin; thereon.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Matter of the Address sent from this House the Fourth of this Month, to prevent the Growth of Popery.

The House agreeing to a present Conference; and the Messengers being called in, and acquainted therewith;

Ordered, That Mr. Powle, Mr. Garrazcay, Colonel

Woolrich’s

Award.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for transferring the Interest of a Term of Years, in certain Birch, Mr. Attorney General, Colonel Slrangzeayes, Sir Manors and Lands late of Sir Robert Berkley Knight, John Coventry, Lord Cornbury, Mr. VSir deceased, and Payment of Portions appointed to his liam Coventry, Sir Trevor Wtl/iams, Mr. Solicitor General, Grandchildren, was read a First time. Mr. Swinjen, Mr. Crouch, be appointed to manage the

Ordered, That this Bill be read a Second time. Conference,

The House returning from the Conference; Mr. At-A Bill, sent from the Lords, for Confirmation of an tomey General reports, That the Members appointed by Award made by Sir Orlando Bridgman Knight and Ba- . this House had attended the Conference with the Lords: ronet, late Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, for Which was managed by the Lord Chancellor: Where he the Ending of all Differences in the Family of Sir Thomas delivered the Paper of Address to be presented to J)i9 Woolrich Knight and Baronet, deceased; and to enable Majesty for preventing the Growth of Popery; and ac-John Woolrich Esquire, and his Heirs, to execute the quainted them, that their Lordships had agreed to the V01. IX. . ' sald

264 6° — 70 A. 1672.

said Address, with seme Amendments and Alterations: Resolved, See. That the Bill, with Amendments agreed

Which Mr. Attorney General read in his Place; and to, be ingrossed. alter delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Question being put, To agree with their Lordships Sir George Downing reports from the Committee to Aliens Duty, in their First Amendment, page 1st, line the 1st, foradding which the hill for taking off the Aliens Duty upon Home

the Words " Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commodities exported,----- several Amendments agreed

It was resolved in the Affirmative. by the Committee to be madeto the Bill: W hich he read;

The Question being put, Toagreewith their Lordships, and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And

the same were again Twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Another Amendment was proposed and agreed to be madeto the Bill: Which was accordingly done at the Table.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

line the 7, viz. after " how'’ instead of " much," read " desirous and, after " are," leave out " disheartened It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in their Amendment, line 8th; viz. instead of " to see such," read " that no and, after " Recusants," before " admitted," insert "be;" and after " Employments of," leave out " great

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in their Amendment, line 28th; viz. after " to all," insert " Land;"

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in their Amendment, line 31,viz. leave out "or Pension;" The House was divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Lord Aitcram Sir John Ha timer, Mr. Garrajca,

Mr. Powle,

for the Yeas, 102. for the Noes, 141.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree with their Lordships to their last Amendment, line 36, viz. after " any," insert " Land ;"

It passed in the Negative.

The Bill for Ease of such his Majesty’s Protestant Protesting Subjects, as are Dissenters, in Matters of Religion, from Dissenter*, the Church of England, was read the Second time.

And, several Motions being made; and debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Crouch, Mr. Powle, Sir [mil Lake, Mr. Morice, Mr. Gar-nay, Sir Solo. Sivale, Sir John Knight, Sir Phill.

Mr Westphaling, Col. Birch, Sir Jo Holland, Sir

Temple, Mr. Chetxvyn, Sir Jonath. Sir

Massey, Mr. Millcard, Sir John Mallet, Sir Adam Brozcne,

Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Lyonell Jenkins, Sir Ant It. Irby,

Sir Thomas Allen, SirThomas Hanmcr, Sir Charles IV.heeler.

Colonel Williams, Sir John Newton, Sir Charles Harbord.

Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Eliah Harvy, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Love, Lord Ancram, Mr. Don't IswcllDoctor Sir John Haunter, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Sir

Birkenhead, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Mr. Leigh,

Six John Hobart, Mr. Chalmomlley, Lord Richardson, Mr.

Ordered, That those Members, who managed the Con- Weld, Sir Christ. Sir Th Lee, Mr

ference with the Lords, or any Three of them, do pre- Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir JVm. Hickman, Lord pare and draw up Reasons for this House s disagreeing: And all that shall come are to have Voices,

with their I.ordship$ in their Three last Amendments to A Motion being made, and debated, That it be an In-the Address to be presented to his Majesty for prevent- struction to the Committee, to provide, that no Person, ing the Growth of Popery, upon the Debates of the House; dissenting from the Church of England, shall be capable and report the same Tomorrow Morning. sitting as a Member of this House:

Resolved, &c. That this Debate be adjourned till Mon-‘ day Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 7° die Marlii, 1672.

Praters.

Repairing A BIL L for the better Repair of the Highways, within Highway*. jf\_ the weekly Bill of Mortality, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this BiH be committed to Sir ilarbord, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Morice, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Wyn, Sir Edw. Mr.

Hobby , Six Rich. Everard, Sir

ling, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Che hey n, Sir Norton Knatch-hoUl, Mr. Finch, Lord Gorge, Colonel Titus, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir 77 to Clergis, Sir Robert Howard, Sir A nth.

Irby, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir 77iota. Hanmer, Sir Thom. Allen,

Mr. Daniell, Sir Edtv. Massey, Mr. Whittaker, Sir Wm.

Coven t rye, Mr. Het'bert, Doctor Burwell, Sir Lane. Lake, Lord Ashley, Sir Phil. W Sir Mr.

Fount, and all thatserve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to inspect the former Laws concerning Highways; ami to inquire, what Monies have been thereby raised by Taxes, or the Imposition on Hackney Coaches, or otherwise; and to provide for the taking of a speedy and strict Account, how the same have been employed; And they have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lloyd's, &c. Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to which

Nat. the Bill for Naturalization of PhiUipp Lloyd, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same were again twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Committee of Pri- Privilege — vileges, the Matter concerning the Breach of Privilege of f^ed^rom Daniell Ackson the Constable, for which he is now in custody. Custody, with the Opinion of the Committee, That he be discharged of his further Imprisonment, paying his Fees.

To which the House agreeing;

The sa.id Ackson the Constable being called in to the Bar of the House, and kneeling, had a Reprimand given him by Mr. Speaker; and was discharged, paying his Fees.

Mr. Powle reports the Reasons, agreed by the Committee to be presented at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments, sent from the Lords to the Address of this House, to prevent the G rowth of Popery, as to those Amendments to which the House doth not agree: Which he read in his Place: And the same being again Twice read, and agreed, are as follow'eth; viz.

That the Command over any his Majesty’s Ships is as great a Trust as a Command over his Land Forces:

And therefore his Majesty ought to have as great an Assurance of the Fidelity of the Persons employed in those Commands.

That Sea Officers (if they Should prove disloyal) would have greater Opportunity, to deliver his Majesty's Ships into the Hands of foreign Princes, than any Land Officers can have, to betray the Trust committed to Them.

That we desire no more in this Particular, than what the Law already enjoins; for, by the Statute 3* Jacobi, cap. 5. Recusants are aswell disabled from being Captains, Masters, or Governors, or bearing any Offioc or Charge of 16 or

.by ^.

8

6.M

iv.

Ga^. II. 7 '

or in any Ship, as from being Commanders dvef any Cast’ll, or Fortress, or in any Land Service:

That there is far more Reason for tiffs Test; now for Officers at Seai thaii at any other Time: For that such Officers and’ Soldiers as shall not talce it at Land, will probably endeavour to ,b6 employed at Sea; where the Soldiers add private Mariners have ho Test put upon theth: And; if the chief Officers employed there, Should riot give the full AsSurances desired, the Consequence may pftive dangerous.

That Pensions iiriply a Grant under the Great Seal, or at IcTst under the Privy Seal: And we think* it very in-conVahierif, that any Evidence of his Majesty’s Favour to Popish Recusants Should appear upon Record.

That the putting out the Word " Pensions," now it is inserted in this Address, would seem to countenance the granting of Pensions to such Persons as shall be disbanded: Which, if they were granted, would cause such Persons, by Reason of such Dependence, to continue about his Majesty’s Courts; which,' by Law, they ought not to do.

The Allowance thereof would also raise the like Expectation in his Majesty’s Protestant Officers and Soldiers, at any time disbanded, to the creating great Importunities upon his Majesty; and either occasion great Expence of his Majesty’s Treasure; or Jealousies and Discontents in his Majesty’s Subjects, if the same Should not be granted to Protestant Officers and Soldiers.

Ordered, That the Lord do go up to the

Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and

Sir Timothy Baldxeyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Bristoll, to exchange their Vicarage of in the County of Glocester, with George Lord Berkeley, for his Rectory of St. Michaell's in Sutton Bonington, in the County of Nottingham: To which they desire the Concurrence of tli is House.

And the Bill being read;

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Cavendish reports, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly appointed, do manage the Conference;

Call of the Resolved, See. That the House be called over on Mon-House. day Sevennight: And, that the Penalties upon Defaulters be the same as formerly.

Bristoll

Deanery

Estate.

Mmii. 205

J # ’ w

Sabb’ati, 8° die Marti}, 1672.'

COMPLAINT being made of a Breach of Privilege Privilege.

committed against Mr. James Herbert, a Member of this House, by JVm. Rugg and John Tomlyn, in causing Mr. Jennings and Mr. Frosby, the menial Servants of Mr.

James Herbert, to be arrested by Thomas Upton, and Nicholas Bennet, during the Time of Privilege.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of privileges to examine the Matter; and certify it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And the Persons concerned are to be summoned to attend the Committee.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable James Earl of Earl of Salis-Salisbury, to let Leases of certain Lands and Tenements, bury’sEstate. for any Term not exceeding Forty Years,' was read the Second time.

A Proviso was tendered, on the Behalf of Sir Thomas Lee; and twice read. , i(

Resolved, Scc. That the said Bill anti Proviso be committed to Sir John Munson, Sir George Reeves, Sir

Irby, Lord Richardson, Mr. Attorney General, Sir John Mallet, Colonel Strode, Sir Ban. Lake, Sir Charles bord, Mr. Morice, Mr. Progers, Sir Row. Berkeley,

John Covert, Sir Thom. Doleman, Sir John Talbot, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir John Burnaby, Colonel Birch, Sir Nick.

Carew, Sit Thomas Lee, Sir Adam Browne, Lord

Mr. Crouch, Lord St.John, Lord Sir Swale, Mr. Russell, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Stock dale,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Tanner, Sir John Pcttus, Mr. Wright,

Mr. Westphaling, Sir Thomas Clcrgis, S\r Courtney Poole,

Mr. Goreing, Sir Henry Herbert, Lord, Lord

Clifford, 'Six'John llotham, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Sir John Lowther, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Ralph Banks, Mr. Dolma-

hoy, Mr. Noseworthy, Sir John Austen, Sir Rich.Ford: And

they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the inner Court of Wards: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable the County Palatine of Durham to Durham, send Knights and Burgesses to Parliament, was read the Election of Second time. Members.

Lords agree to Conference.

Address

against

Pojiery.

A Message fronp the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Vaughan, and Mr. Justice Windham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to let you know, That they have agreed to the Address: And that, their Lordships having sent to know, what Time his Majesty would appoint both Houses to wait on him, with the Address; his Majesty hath appointed both Houses to wait on him, at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

t % # '

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Address

against

Popery

presented

Post Meridiem.

THE Ho'U'se'being nies, went in a Body, to attencj his Majesty in the BaM)ueting;House 'at' ivhftfhdll^ tljere, with the Hduse of Lords; to present the'Address for suppressing1 the Growth 6f Popery: And being returned \

Mr:* Speaker acquaints the House, That the Lord Chancellor read the Address to the King: After wien his Majesty was pleased to return Answer to this Effect:

My Lords and 'Gentleniefi,'

Vo 1. IX.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Edward Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned; Air. Speaker reports, That, his Majesty having' delivered a very gracious Speech; and that the same being put into Writing, to prevent Mistakes, lie had obtained the Favour of his Majesty tp hav,e it from Him: Which he having read twice to the House, to their great Content and Satisfaction; anil is as followeth; viz

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Yesterday you presented Me an Address, as the best Means for the Satisfying and Composing the Minds of My Subjects: To which I freely and readily agreed: and shall take Care to see it performed accordingly.

I hope, on the other Side, You Gentlemen of the House of Commons will do Your Part: For I must put you in mind, it is near five Weck^, since I demanded a Supply: And what you voted unanimously upon it, did both give Life to My Affairs at Home, and disheartened My Enemies Abroad: But, the seeming Delay it, hath met with since, has madetthem takp new (fourage; and they are now preparing for tiffs next Summer a greater, Fleet, as they say, than ever they had yet: So, that, if the Supply be not speedily dispatched,( it will be ^ltpge-i ther ineffectual;' and the Safety, Honopr, and Iqterfst, of England must of Necessity be expqsedjjRray lay this, to Heart, and let not the Fear's and Jealousies of Some draw an inevitable Ruin upon us All.

3 X

Message lo attend the King,

Answer to Address againsr Popeiy, and suspending Penal Laws.

8° — io8 Martii.

266

My Lords and Gentlemen,

If there be any Scruple remain yet with you, concerning the Suspension of Penal Laws; I here faithfully promise you, That what hath been done in That Particular, shall not for the future be drawn into Consequence or Example. And as I daily expect from you a Bill for My Supply; so I assure you, I shall as willingly receive, and pass, any other you shall offer Me, that may tend to the giving you Satisfaction in all your just Grievances.

Thanks for Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente. That the humble

Answer. and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious, full, and satisfactory Answer, this Day given to their humble Petitions and Addresses.

Ordered, That Colonel Gyles do go up

to the Lords, to desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Strangewayes reports from the Lords, That their Lordships had fully concurred with this House, in the Vote for Thanks, to be presented to his Majesty: And that they had sent to know his Pleasure, when He would be attended therewith: Who was pleased to appoint both Houses to attend him, at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

Supply Bill. The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney G eneral took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re-assumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney G eneral reports from the said Committee, That they had made a considerable Progress in the said Bill; and had almost perfected and finished the same: And humbly moved, that the House would resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Tuesday Morning next, to proceed to the Perfecting and Finishing thereof.

Resolved, &c. That the House do agree with the Committee, that the House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Tuesday Morning next, to proceed to the Perfecting and Finishing the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

A-161%.

Irby, Mr. Mallett, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir John Mallet,

Mr. Dowdswell, Colonel Birch, Mr. Henley, Mr. West-

phaling, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Brampston, Sir Francis

Clarke, Col. Titus, Mr. Crouch, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr.

Darcy, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Mountague, Sir John Knight, Sir Solom. Swale, Sir Thom. Hanmer, Sir John Morton, Mr. Maynard, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Whittaker, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir Wm. Bassett, Lord Ashley, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Mr. Hobby, Sir Sprague, Sir Rowland Berkeley, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Packer, Mr. Love, Mr. Wtld, Mr. Buller,

Mr. Clerke, and all that serve for the County of Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill to enable the County Pala- Durham, time of Durham to send Knights and Burgesses to serve Election of in Parliament, which was read a Second time on Satur- Memb*re-day last, be committed to Lord Ogle, Sir Anth. Irby,

Mr. Morrice, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Charles Harbord,

Mr. Neuport, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Thom.

Mr. Tregomcell, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Musgrave, Mr.

Clarke, Sir Ralph Banks, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Morris, Sir John Robinson, Mr. Swan-ton, Sir Thomas Slingsby, Sir Robert Carr, Mr.

Sir Solo. Swale, Sir Thom. Clergis, Lord Cornebury, Col.

Birch, Doctor Burwell, Mr. Cheney, Sir Rich. Everard,

Sir Lan.Lake, Sir Jonath.Trelawny, Sir Lyoline Jenkins,

Sir Christ. Musgrave, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Hide,

Sir Tho. Osborne, Sir Edward Massey, Sir Edw. Deering,

Lord Richardson, Mr. Dowdszvell, Mr. Sir IVm.

Portman, Mr. Tube, Sir James Smith, Colonel Strangewayes, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Johnson, Sir Courtney Poole,

Mr. Love, Colonel Nevill, Sir John Pettus, Colonel lipps, Sir Jos.Williamson, and all that serve for the Counties of Yorke, Cumberland, Northumberland, W°st-morland, and Lincolne: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, to sit in the Places formerly appointed, except the Committee to whom the Bill concerning Popery is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

Answer to THE House being met, went in a Body to attend his

Vote of Majesty, to present the Vote of Thanks to his Majesty:

Thanks. And being returned, Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, that the Vote being read, and presented by the Lord Chancellor, his Majesty was pleased to return this Answer:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I hope there will never be any more Difference amongst Us: I assure you, there shall never be any Occasion on My Part.

And then the House adjourned till Nine of the Clock, on Monday Morning.

Luna, 10* die Martii, 1672.

Prayers.

Berkeley’s A BILL, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. f\_ transferring the Interest of a Term of Years, in certain Manors and Lands, late of Sir Robert Berkeley, Knight, deceased, and Payment of Portions appointed to his Grand-children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Hum-fry Wynch, Sir John Pelham, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Anth.

25

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate upon Protestant the Bill for Ease of Dissenters, Whether it should be given Dissenters, as an Instruction to the Committee for that Bill, to provide therein, that such as do dissent from the Church of England, Should be uncapable of sitting as Members in this House.

And a Debate thereupon arising, whether the same were proper to be made Part of the Bill for suppressing the Grow tli of Poperty; or the Bill for regulating Elections; or, whether it w ere not more convenient to have a distinct Bill, to make Provision therein;

The Question being put, That it be given as an Instruction to the Committee, That such as do dissent from the Church of England, shall be uncapable to serve as Members of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellm {sWGuft TMol,} For the Ycas- '°7'

Tellers {sk Hamy,. } For the Noes- 1'6*

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the Committee to which the Bill for Ease of his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, Dissenters in Matters of Religion from the Church of England, was committed, do sit this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber.

Resolved, See. That a distinct Bill be prepared and brought in upon the Subject Matter of the Debate, as to the making such as do dissent from the Church of England, uncapable of sitting as Members of this House:

And that it be recommended to Sir Thomas Meeres, to prepare and bring in a Bill.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee to Preventing which the Bill for suppressing the Growth of Popery was Growth of

committed, Popery‘

% 'S-

a,

SCI’

n.

25 Car. II.

committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made; and Three several Clauses agreed to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which said Amendments, and the two first Clauses, being twice read, were, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The last Clause, relating to Privy Counsellors, was twice read; and, upon the Question, rejected.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

26 7

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had now w holly finished the Bill for the King’s Supply; and desired the House would give Leave, that the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be reported on Friday Morning.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee of the whole House, that the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply, with the Amendments agreed to, be reported on Friday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1 o°- — 11 ° — 120

Martis, 11° die Martii, 1672. , 12° die Martii, 1672.

ril’.

:cC>

reOtfi

Prayers.

Prayers.

Hay-market.

Duchy of Cornwall Leasing.

Lloyd’s, &c. Nat.

Berkeley’s

Estate.

Bristoll

Deanery

Estate.

Houses burnt down.

Supply Bill*

ABIL L for regulating the Hay-market, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divide.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers {?-r Lan. Lake, "I por the Yeas, 23.

[Sir Jon. Irelawney, 0

Tellers (Sir Trevor Williams,j F N

tellers |sjr SolomSwa[^ j *or ttie iNocs’ 3»*

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Bill for granting Leases of the Duchy Lands in Comewall was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing Philip Lloyd Gentleman, was read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalizing Philip Lloyd Gentleman.

Mr. Mallet reports from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for transferring the Interest of a Term of Years, in certain Manors and Lands, late of Sir Robert Berkeley Knight, deceased, and Payment of Portions appointed to his Grandchildren, That the Committee had perused the Bill; and returned it without Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Third time.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Bristoll to exchange their Vicarage of Berkeley in the County of G/occster, with George Lord Berkeley, for his Rectory of St. chaell'sin Sutton Bonington in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pawl Sir Rowland Berkeley, Sir Will.Coventry, Sir

ther, Lord Fitzharding, Sir JonTrelawny, Mr.

gers, Sir John Mallet, Sir Tho. Sir Eduard

Peering, Mr. Steward, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Knight,

Sir Charles Harbord, Colonel SLord

Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Geo. Downing, Lord Richardson, Colonel Phillipps, Mr JVeslpSir Tho. Meeres,

Mr. Morice, Sir Tho. Allen, and all that serve for the Counties of Glocesler, Somerset, and Nottingham: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing of a former Act touching Houses burnt down in the late dreadful Conflagration, being brought in by Leave of the House;

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Vox.. IX.

THE ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, Bankes’, 4c.

An Act for confirming Agreements made between Agreements. Sir Ralph Bankes, Sir John HaBaronet, Ellis Beet hell, Thomas Mackrell, Richard and John

Edwards, by their Guardians and divers other Persons, was read the Third time.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

Mr. Cheney reports, and delivers in a Bill of general General Naturalization: Which was read. Nat. Bill.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Cocll and Sir chudleigh William Beversham; Rectory.

Nlr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Rectory of Chudleigh in the County of Devon, upon Lord

Clifford, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The said Bill was read a First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Bill for enabling the King to make Leases of his Duchy of Duchy Lands in Cornwall, was read the Second time. C ornwall Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Sir e‘'

Trelawney, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Edward Col.

Birch, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Echo. Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Morrice, Sir ham, Lord Ashley, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir Eliah Harvey,

Sir Adam Browne, Mr. WeslphalinSir Richard Braham, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir John Mr.

Buscowen, Colonel Strangwaics, Mr. Powle, Mr.

Sir Edxv. Masters, Mr. Cheney, Sir Courtney Poole,

Mr. Swanton, Sir John Trevor, and all that serve for

Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Wiltes, and Somersetshire:

And they are to meet on Friday next, at Tw’o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repair of Churches, and for enabling Vicars Recovery of to recover their Small Tythes, was read a First time. Tythes. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Cocll, and Sir Bellamy's Will. Beversham; Estate.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Robert Bellamy, to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The ingrossed Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, Preventing was read the Third time. Growth of

A Clause was tendered, and twice read: And, with *,0PerD some Amendments made at the Table,

Being read the Third time;

Resolved,

13* — -i 30

Ordered, That a- Bill be brought' in for the better Observatio* Observation of the Lord’s f)ay: . of Sunday.

And it is referred to Sir William Sir Charles

Harbord, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Trevor ,to

take Care of the Bill.

Sir John Mounson reports froth the Committee to EarlofSaiu-

Resohtd, See. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill.

The Word " May* was, upon the Question, agreed to be inserted, instead of the Word "June."

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen by Popish Recusants: And that Sir Charles Harbord do carry up the which the Bill, sent' from the Lords, to enable the Earl bury’sEstate.

Bill, to the Lords.

Chudleigh

Rectory.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 1-3* die Martiiy 1672. Prayers.

r| 1H E Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act

of Salisbury to let Leases of certain Lands and Tenements, was committed, some Amendtnehts agreed to be made to the said Bill: Which he read, w'ith the Coherence, in his Place-. . Which being twice read, and, upon the Question, severally agreed;

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill, With the Amendments agreed to, be returned to the Lords:

Mr. Pmvle reports from the Committee to which the Protestant Bill for Ease to such of his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, Dissenters. Dissenters, in Matters of Religion, from the Church of

X for the Settlement of the Rectory of Chudleigh England, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee in the County of Devon, unto Thomas Lord Clifford, *° J30 mac^e> and riovisoes to be added, to the Bill:

Streets and Highways.

and others, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Howard, Sir William Coventrey, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Cheney, Mr Palmes, Mr. Sir John Lowther, Sir

Anth. Irby, Sir Edw. Barcham, Sir Leoline Jenkins,

Sir Jonath.Tretmmey, Mr. Chalmondley, Sir Roll,

Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Bramston, Sir Edmond Windham, Lord Ancram, Sir Edw. Sir

Lowther, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Philip Mr.

Titus, Lord Ashley, Mr. Nich. Mortice, Sir Mits-grave. Sir Rich. Ingolsby, Lord Richardson, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir John Talbot, Sir Solomon Sicale, Sir Geo. Reeve,

Sir John Barnahy, Mr. Harrison, Mr Mr.

Swanton, Sir John Covert, Mr. Hobby, Colonel Norton, Mr. Dan. Collingwood, and all that serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to scud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill for Repair of the Streets and Highways within the Bills of Mortality ..... be revived: And that these Persons following be added to the Committee; Lord John, Lord Allington, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Mr. At-

torney Mountague, Colonel Birch, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Cheney, Sir Thom. Chichl Mr. Henry Seymour, Sir Anth.Cope, Mr. Neale, Sir /F Colonel Sir Charles Sidley, Mr. King, Mr. Spry, Mr. Norton, Lord Combury, Sir Gilbert

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill concerning the Highways was committed, he revived; and do sit this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Charles I. A Bill for the better Observation of the Thirtieth of Martyrdom. January, being the Martyrdom of King Charles the First, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Rolles, Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Covert, Sir Edw. Masters, Lord Richardson, Sir Philip Warwick, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Berty, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Cheney, Sir Thomas Allen,

Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Amendments to the Preamble being- twice read, was, with the Omission of some Words, before in the Bill, agreed.

The rest of the Amendments and Provisoes were twice read, and, upon the Question,- severally agreed.

A Proviso was opened and tendered, to be added to the Bill, for repealing the Clauses in the former Acts, concerning the Abjuring of the Covenant.

The Question being put, That this Proviso be read;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Mceres, 1 Mr. Powlc, J

Lord Arran, ]

Mr. TuJ't on, J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Proviso w as accordingly read.

The Question being put, That the said Proviso he read a Second time.

For the Yeas, 146. For the Noes, 123.

| For the Yeas, 122. j> For the Noes, 119.

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Lord Johns,

Lord Combury,

Lord Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Proviso was accordingly read a Second time. The Question being put, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso being tendered, to this Effect, That the Renunciation of the detestable Oath commonly called The Solemn League and Covenant, be offered to none but such who have taken it; and, that such subscribe for themselves, and not others; to be made Part of the said Bill, was read the First and Second time.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the said Committee, or any Five of them, to word and amend the said Proviso Mr. 'Mdynard, Sir Anthony Irby,'Sir Charles Hdrbord, upon the Debate of the House: And they are to meet this Lord Ashley, Colonel Titus, Sir Edw. Phillips, Sir John Afternoon, at Five of tile Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Trevor, Sir Solomon Swale, Mr . Hobby, Mr. Crouch,

Tavestocke

Writ.

Sir Leoline Jenkins, Mr. Harrison, Mr.: And

all that shall come are to have Voices: Arid they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writ, for electing a Member to serve for the Borough oiTaveslocke in the County of Devon, in the Rtiom of Howard Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, to sit in the Places formerly appointed; except the Committee to whom the Bill for Ease to Dissenters ffdm the Church of England was committed.

And therrthe House adjourned till To-nforrdw Morning,. Eight of the Clock.

Committees

25 Car. II

14° — 150 — 170 Martii. 269

Veneris, 14" die Martii, 1672.

Prayers.

Selling \ MOTION was made, That Leave be given to Cattle. j\ bring in a Clause to repeal a former Act, which

prohibits the Selling ot fat Cattle, by Jobbers or Agents.

Durham, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Election of which the Bill to enable the County Palatine of Durham Members. (0 sencj Knights and Burgesses to Parliament, was committed, be made on Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Moor- A Bill against Moor-burning in several Counties, was

boming. re!i(l the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Coinage. Sir George Downing reports from the Committee, to which the Bib for continuing a former Act touching Coinage, was committed, several Clauses, to be added to the Bill: Which he read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Clauses w ere again read: And a Debate being on the First Clause;

Resolved, See. That the further Debate of the Clauses be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, that were discontinued, be revived; and to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Privilege of Mr. Jay, a Member of this House, who is detained Prisoner; and to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Wickham, Privileges, touching the Flection for and Election*.

JVcndover, be heard on Monday Morning next.

The House then proceeded upon the rest of the Amend- Supply Bill, ments to the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply: W hich were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

A Proviso was tendered, to be added to the Bill; and twice read; and agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply, with the Amendments, be digressed; and brought in on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and not before.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Fight of the Clock.

Dunce, 17° die Martii, 1672.

Prayers.

ABI LL for rebuilding the Navy Office, and reviving jud;fatur4 a former Act for erecting a Judicature, touching for House* Houses burnt down, was read a First time. burnt down,

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time. &c-

Soppiy Bill. Mr. Attorney General reports from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for his Majesty's Supply was committed, several Amendments and Clauses: W'hich he read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where they w ere again twice read; and all of them, to Folio tire 4LII, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, Sec. That the House proceed on the Consideration of the rest of the Amendments, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

C7

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sahhati, 15° 16'72.

Prayers.

Clmdlfigh O IR Robert Howard reports from the Committee,

Rtcwiy. O to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for the Settlement of the Rectory of Chudleigli in the County of Devon, upon Thomas Lord Clifford, and others, some Amendments agreed to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the same being twice read, and agreed; and being, with the Amendments, read a Third time:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be returned to the Lords.

rmtoll Sir John Knight reports from the Committee, to which iKrwy t|ie Rjih sent {join the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Bristoll, to exchange their Vicarage of Berkley in the County of Gloucester, with George Lord Berkley, for his Rectory of St. Michae/l'sin Sutton Bonington in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment:

Which w-as read a Third time; and passed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard do return the Bills, which are passed this House, back to the Lords.

Prink* — ' Information being given to this House, that Mr. Jay, inipnsun- a Member of this House, is detained a Prisoner in Exe-Jhiuile’4 cut'ou at Norwich, at the Prosecution of one Mr.

and thereby disabled to attend the Service of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter, as concerning the Vo L. IX.

A Bill against Moor-burning in the County of Yorke, Moor-and other Northern Counties, was read the Second time, burning.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Francklyn, Sir Launeelole Lake, Sir Trevor,

Mr. Palmes, Sir Plullip Margrave, "Sir. Hales, Sir John Covert, Sir John Hann.-tr, Doctor Mr. Waldron,

Lord Richardson, Mr . Morrice, Sir Sir

Robert DilUngton, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr.

Sir Edward Massey, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Talbot, Sir Edward Master.%Sir Lewis Palmer, Sir John Sir

VereFane, Mr. Prideau.r.Sir Gao. , Mr.

Mi-. 7 Minis, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir II ill Strode, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Swan ton.Sir John Colonel Strode, Sir Thom. JFoodcocke, Mr. Smith, ami all that serve

for the several Counties of Yorke, Dorset, Northumberland, Cumberland, I Test/norland, Lancaster, Derby, Nottingham, Devon, and Cornwall: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to enlarge the Bill; and make it extensive, for the Benefit ot other Counties concerned; And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Clergisreports from the Committee, to Durham, which the Bill for enabling the County Palatine of Election of Durham to send Knights and Burgesses to Parliament, ft, embere* was committed, some Amendments, agreed to be made by the Committee, to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and alter, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being twice read; and agreed;

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Mecrcs reports from the Committee of ' lcnm!)e Elections, the Evidence and State of the Case, touching EecUo"-the Election and Return for the Borough of between Sir William Fgcrton, and

and the Votes of the Committee thereupon: W hich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were again twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend and take off the other Return from the Writ.

Mr. Pcwle reports the Proviso concerning the Cove- Protestant nant to be added to the Bill for Ease of Dissenters: Which ^'sseilter*’

3 V he

270

17* — 18* — 190 Mar tit. A.i6qi.

Protestant

Dissenters.

Complaint of Grievances.

he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which, being twice read;

Resolved, &c. That the said Proviso be agreed; and made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill, with the Amendments and

Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill was tendered, and delivered in by Sir Thomas Mecrcs, in pursuance of the Order of the House, lor making Dissenters in Matters of Religion from the Church of England uncapable of being elected to serve in Parliament.

Several Motions and Complaints being made, in reference to several Grievances, concerning the Kingdom of Ireland being in great Danger; 'And,

Against a printed Paper, for imposing Twelve Pence a Chaldron on Coals, without Act of Parliament:

A Proclamation, to exempt Soldiers from the ordinary Course of Justice:

Against an Imposition of Two Shillings Six Pence a Horse, upon transporting Horses, beyond the Book of Rates, and contrary to Law:

A Grievance, in Abuses committed in collecting the Duty of Hearth Money:

A Grievance, in imposing Two Shillings Six Pence, upon the Licences of Ale-houses:

Touching the Hazard of the King’s Person, by having the Lord Arundellof WardoFather Patrick, and Colonel Talbot near about him:

And the House being also informed, that there were other Grievances of Consequence to be presented; and, a Day being desired, to be set apart for hearing thereof;

Resolved, Sic. That the House will Tomorrow Morning, after Ten of the Clock, proceed in the Consideration of such Grievances as have been, or shall be then offered.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Williams, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Sir

Thomas Lee, Lord Arran, Sir Robert , Sir

William Lout her, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Sir

Charles Harbord, Sir Thomas , Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Milliard, Mr. P, Lord O Brian, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Mr. Garraicay, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Massey,

Sir Thomas Iliggons, Lord St. JoSir Sir John Berkenhcad, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Thomas, Mr. Cheney, Sir Henry Sir Philip

Warwick, Mr. Crouch, Sir Laun. Lake, Dr.

Mr. Hales, 'Six Richard Temple, Mr King; or any Five

of them: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, See. That Colonel Richard Talbott be inserted in the Address, as a Popish Recusant, and not capable of any Command or Employment in Ireland, either Military or Civil: And that he be not admitted any Access to the Court.

Resolved, See. That the raising of Money, by an Imposition on Coals, by virtue of an Order of the Council, be presented to his Majesty as a Grievance.

Resolved, &c. That the recalling of his Majesty’s Proclamation for preventing the Disorders of Soldiers, be inserted in the Address: And that they consider thereof upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, Sic. That it be inserted in the Address to his Maj; ibty, as the humble Advice and Desire of this House, that (when the War is ended) the Soldiers which have been raised since the last Session, be disbanded.

Resolved, &c. That it be inserted in the Address, that his Majesty would be pleased to give Order, ior the Remedying Abuses in the Quartering of Soldiers.

Resorctdy &e. That his Majesty would be pleased to give Order, lor preventing the Irreguiavides in pressing Citizens and Housekeepers to serve for Soldiers.

Resolved, &e. That James Houseman he sent for, to

Observation of Sunday.

Wickham

Return

amended.

Mortis, 18° die , 167 2.

Prayers.

A III L L for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, took off the Return of Sir William Egerlon for the Borough of Wickham, from the Writ to which it was affixed: And the same was cancelled at the Table.

give an Account of his exacting Two Shillings and Six Pence a Horse, upon the transporting of Horses beyond the Seas, more than is allowed by tue Book of Rates.

Ordered, That all Committees but the Committee appointed to draw up the Address, to represent to His Majesty the State and Condition of he adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mcrcurii, 19° die Martii, 1672.

Westminster, A Bill for erecting a Judicature within the City of Debts'11*11 Westminster, and other Places within the weekly Bills e s’ of Mortality, for Trial of Causes under the Value of Forty Shillings, was read.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Aliens An ingrossed Bill for taking off the Aliens Duties

Dimes. Upon Home Commodities of the Growth, Product, and Manufacture of the Kingdom, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking off Aliens Duties upon Commodities of the Growth, Product, and Manufacture of the Nation.

Irish Affairs. The House resumed the Debate of the Matters of Grievance: And, in the first place, the Danger that the Kingdom of Ireland is in by Popish Recusants.

Upon the several Complaints and Informations of the Growth and Exercise of the Popish Religion in the Kingdom of Ireland;

Resolved, Sic. That an Address be prepared, upon the Debate of the House, to be presented to his Majesty, to represent to him the State and Condition of the Kingdom of Ireland; and the Danger of the English Protestant Interest: And that a Committee be appointed, to prepare and draw up the Address; viz. Lord Cornbury, Sir Trevor

Prayers.

A BILL to enable Mr. Bellamy to sell Lands for Bcl'amy’s Payment of Debts, was read the First time. Estate. Resolved, Sic. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Sir James Smith tenders and delivers in a Bill for Exeter uniting Parishes within the City of Exeter. Parishes.

Sir Thomas Mceresreports from the Committee of Wemlover Elections, the Evidence and State of the Case, touching Election, the Election for the Borough of Wein the County of Bucks, between Alderman Baclacclland Mr. Wharton; and the Votes of the Committee thereupon: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee,

That Alderman Back well is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth. Tellers,

Sir John Morton,

Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Robert Holt,

Sir John Talbott,

for the Yeas, lSl. for the Noes, 101.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved,

Bill? sent Loin Lord:.

Charles I. Marly uloin.

Pn’te^ant

llhbe^lers.

London Streets and Sewers.

E\etftr

Parishes.

Selling

CalUs,

Rebuilding Navy Oilice, 4c.'

25 Car. II. 190 — ao° — 210 Mar tit. 171

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Thomas JVharton Esquire isduly elected a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of

IVendover,

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown, Thomas Darnel!, and Nicholas Jason, Constables for the Borough of IVendover \in the County of Bucks, do attend this House, to amend the Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by razing out the Name of Alderman Backwell; and inserting the Name of Thomas Whar-

ton Esquire therein.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Will. and Sir Eduard Low;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint you, that they have agreed with this House in the Amendments to the Bill concerning the Lord Clifford; and to the Bill concerning the Earl of Salisbury:And have sent you dow n

Two Bills, the one, intituled, An Act for settling certain Lands, belonging unto William Gery Esquire, upon Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts and Portions: The other, An Act to confirm Articles of Agreement, made upon the Marriage of Sir WRich Baronet: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for the better Observation of the Thirtieth of January, being the Martyrdom of King Charles the First, was committed, viz. Sir Philip Jllusgrave, Sir John Knight, Sir Edmond Windham, Air.

Guynn, Sir John Shaw, Sir Christopher Mr.

Progers, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sir Nick. Pedley.

The ingrossed Bill for the Ease of his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, Dissenters from the Church of was read.

And an Amendment being proposed, by making the Word " further" — " fully and by inserting these Words, " and then and from thenceforth shall and may enjoy the like Liberty and Freedom, during the Continuance of this ActWhich being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and read a Third time;

Resolved, kc. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Ease of his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, Dissenters from the Church of England: And Mr. is to carry

up the Bill to the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 20® die1672.

PRAYERS.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a for the better Paving, Cleansing, and Maintaining the Streets and Sewers w ithin the City of London: And that it be brought in and read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for uniting several Parishes within the City of Exeter, and providing a Maintenance for Ministers

within the City, was read the First time.

%/ 7

Resolved, kc.That this Bill be read a Second time,

on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

A Bill was read, to repeal a Clause in a former Act, for prohibiting the Sale of fat Cattle by Jobbers or Salesmen, was read.

Resolved, kc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

The Bill for rebuilding the Navy Office was read the Second time.

Resolved.kc That this Bill be committed to Sir Harbord, Mr. Jones, Sir Rich.Ford, Sir Lancelot Lake,

John Knight, Sir John Frederick, Sir Thom. Clergis, Mr.

Vol.IX.

Jollffe, Mr. Sachevcrill, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Milward,

Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Mr. Progers, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. Thomas, Sir Tal-

bott, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Seymour, Sir Sir John Mullett, Mr. Powle, Sir Solomon Swale, Col. Birch, Sir Thom. Bludworlh, Mr. Steward, S'n John Birkenhead, Col. Titus, Sir John Shaw, Sir Edw. Sir Nicholas Pedley, Mr. Wright, and all that serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Secretary Coventry reports from his Majesty, That his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, that he intends a Recess, on Thursday the Twenty-seventh Instant: And therefore his Majesty would be glad, that such Bills of Importance as can be prepared by that Time, as well that of Supply (which is of absolute Necessity for the Safety of the Nation) as others, may be ready for his Royal Assent.

The House then proceeded upon the Report of the Clauses, brought in to be added to the Bill for the continuing the former Act of Coinage: Which being again read; and some Amendments being thereto agreed, and made at the Table;

Resolved, kc. That the Bill, with the Clauses and Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for exempting the Freemen of London from Butlerage and Prizage, was read.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 21 0 die Martii, 1672. Prayers.

AN additional Bill for the better Cleansing, Paving, and Alaintaining the Streets and Shores w ithin the City of London, was read.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Mallet reports from the Committee, to which the Bill to prevent Abuses in electing Members to serve in Parliament, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made, and a Clause to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the Amendments, being twice read at the Table, were, upon the Question, agreed.

A Alessage from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Vaughan and Air. Baron //;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed to the Bill, sent from this House, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers, which may happen from Popish Recusants; with some Amendments and Provisoes, to which they desire your Concurrence.

Information being given to the House, That Nicholas Juson, and Thomas Darvdl, Cons tab les of /Vendt v.r, being

served with the Order of this House to attend, in order to the Amending the Return for that Place, had spoken contemptuous Words; and being this Alorning in the Hall, and near the House, had, in further Contempt, departed on Purpose; and had been seduced thereto by one John Kilby of Atesbury, Innkeeper; who was an Agent in the Election for Alderman Backwell;

Resolved, tkc. That Nicholas Juson, and Thomas Darvdl, Constables of IVendover, be sent for in Custody of the Ser-

jeant

Message for

expediting

Business.

Coinage,

Butlerage and Prizage in London.

London Streets and Shores.

Abuses in Elections,

Preventing Growth ot Popery.

Privilege-

Contempt sf Order*.

271 21* — 22*

jeant at Arms attending this House, to answer their Contempt and Misdemeanor, in neglecting and disobeying the Order of the House; and withdrawing themselves, to avoid the same.

The Question being proposed, That Kilby be sent for;

And it being moved also, That he be sent for, in Cus-t°dy;

The Question being put, That the Words " in Custody" be Part of the Question;

The House divide.

The Yeas go out.

{5£: SPiSSST} F- — ,36.

"\{mifiS? } Forth. Noes, 126.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That John Kilby be sent for, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to answer the Contempt and Misdemeanor objected against him, in seducing and drawing off the Constables of Wendover from obeying the Order of this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend on Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Wendover, as the House shall think fit to direct.

Supply Bill. The Bill for the King’s Supply being brought in, ingrossed; and, lying on the Table;

A Debate being had, about reading the said ingrossed Bill for the King’s Supply;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate, touching the Reading the said Bill for his Majesty’s Supply, be adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Preventing The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Growth of Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for pre-Popery. venting Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants: Which were twice read.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords to their First Amendment, ist Skin, line 8th, for inserting the Word " publick" after the Word " any;’’

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, line the 17, for reading " Jersey," instead of "

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment

in the 18th and 19th Lines, for leaving out " or of the Queen his Consort, or of his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, line 26th, after " Term," add, " or of Trinity Term next following;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, line 31, instead of " Obedience," read " Allegiance;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative; with this Addition, " which Oath of Allegiance is contained in the Statute made in the Third Year of King James."

' The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment,

Skin the 2d, line the 10th, after " soirie," insert " Lord's Day commonly called;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, line the 14th, aiter " any," insert " publick;"

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, line the 22th, instead of " ," read " Jersey :"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, line the 24th, leaving out " or Queens Consorts, or Royal Highnesses;"

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, 3d Skin, 9th line, after " some," insert " Lord’s Day commonly called;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Martii. 1672.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, line the 2(ith, after " Profit," add " or;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, line the 27th, after " every," add " Grant to such Per-

r »> J

son 01;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, line the 28th, after " Assizes," leave out the Words to the Word " every," in the ,5th line of the 4th Skin;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, 4th Skin, line 13th, after " Pound," add these Words, " the one Moiety thereof to the King's Majesty, and the other Moiety;"

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, Skin the 3th, line the 18th, instead of " Obedience," read " Allegiance,

It was resolved in the Affirmative; with the Addition of the Word " aforesaid," after the Word " Allegiance."

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment, line the 27 th, instead of "Obedience," read " Allegiance;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of the rest of the Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 22° die Martii, 1672.

SIR Charles Harbordreports from the Committee, Rebuilding

to which the Bill for rebuilding the Navy Office w as Navy Office, committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Com- &e* mittee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at tho Clerk’s Table: And the same, being again twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed, be ingrossed.

Sir Jonathan Trelazcnyreports from the Committee, Duchy of to which the Bill for enabling his Majesty to make Leases Cornwall of his Duchy Lands in Cornwall, was committed, some Leasi,lS-Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: And the same, being again twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed; and read the Third time, when the House is full.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant RipponWrit. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing a new Member to serve for the Borough of Rippon in the jCounty of York, in the room of Dr. Bur-well, lately deceased.

A Bill for repealing a Clause in a former Act, prohi- Selling biting Jobbers and Salesmen to sell fat Cattle, was read Cattle, the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Lord Castleton, Sir Solom. Szcalc, Mr. Waller, Sir Trevor

hams. Sir A nth. Irby, Mr. MountagueSir Thomas Sir George Reeve, Mr. Cheney, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Austen, Sir John Knight, Sir Lane.Lake, Sir Ford, Sir Thomas Doleman, Mr. Pridcaux, Mr. Hampden, Sir

Phil. Harcourt, Sir John Ilot ham, Sir George Downing.

Sir Edw. Deering, Major Austen, and all the Members

of this House that serve for the Counties of Yorke, Nottingham, Bucks, Somerset, Devon, Dorset,

J'olke, Kent, Lancaster, and Sussex: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

20 A Bill

Car. II. 32° Marta. 273

Crteuland, A Bill for regulating the Greenland and Plantation Ac. Trade. Trade, was read a Second time.

A Clause tendered, and twice read, concerning the Eastland Trade.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill and the said Clause be committed to Sir George'DoSir l)oyly. Sir

Rich. Ford, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Talbot, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Maynard, Sir Sir

John Holland, Mr. Hobby, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Clcrgis, Sir John Frederick, Colonel Birch, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir Rich. Temple, Colonel Sir

Pedley, Mr. Chetxvin, Sir Lowther, Sir John Knight,

Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Solom. Sir Musgrave,

Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Masters, Sir John Mallet, Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir Christ. Musgrave, Alderman Bence, Mr JonesSir James Smith, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Garway, Mr. Wright, Mr.

Lord O Brien, Mr. Wood; and all that serve for London, or any Port Town: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

jjeter A Bill for uniting Parishes within the City of

Parishe*. was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Attorney General, Sir James Smith, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Col. Strangewaies, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir

Masters, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Milward, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Dowdswell, Lord Hawley, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Seymour, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. Sir John

Birkenhead, Mr. Westphal'ing Mr. Harrison, Sir John Morion, Mr. Mallett, Sir Tho. Higgon, Mr. Solicitor General, Col. Slrangexcaies, Mr. Crouch, Sir Lan. Lake,

Sir John Knight, Sir Solomon SSir Sir

Charles Harbord, Mr. Air. Culliford, Lord

Ashley, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Bassett, Serjeant Seyes, Mr. Pridcaux, Mr. Cheney, Sir Ralph Bancks, Sir

John Bennet, Sir Phil. W Sir Adam Brora ne, Air.

Swinfen, Sir John Shaw, Sir John Pelham, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Hanmer, Sir Edxv. Seymour, Sir Edxv. Deering, Mr. Whittaker, Mr. Buscaxven, and all that serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.4

PnvMting The House then proceeded upon the Provisoes sent. Growth of from the Lords, to the Bill for preventing Dangers, which "opwy* may happen from Popish Recusants: W hich were all read the Second time: And some of them being long, and consisting of several Particulars of different Nature, the House proceeded on the Debate of the Proviso mark’d (C.)

And the Question being put, To agree with the Lords in that Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the rest of the Provisoes, sent from the Lords, be referred to the Consideration of & Committee of the whole House; to take them into Consideration; and report the Alatter to the House, with their Opinions.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Meeres took the Chair of the Committee,

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

y.«Mg» that A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir William Bcversham Lonii tit. and Sir Edxcard Loxo;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that, in regard of the Recess, that is so soon intended, and the weighty Affairs they have before them, they do intend to sit this Afternoon; and desire this House will do so too; and to acquaint you, that they Lloyd's Nat. have agreed with the House, in the Bill for naturalizing Philip Lloyd Gentleman.

The Alessengers being withdrawn;

Vol. IX.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree to sit this House agrees Afternoon. to sit

'I he Alessengers being called in; Air. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to sit this Afternoon, in Answer to the Lords Desire.

The House then resolved again into a Committee of Preventing the whole House. Growth of

Air. Speaker left the Chair. opeiy'

Sir Tho. Meeres took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Metres reports from the said Committee,

That they had proceeded upon the said Provisoes, and made several Amendments: And humbly moved, That the House would resolve into a Committee again, at the First Sitting in the Afternoon.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the House be resolved into a Committee of the whole House, at the First Sitting in the Afternoon, to proceed in the Consideration of the Provisoes sent down from the Lords, to the Bill for preventing Dangers which may happen by Popish Recusants.

Then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

RESOLVED, &c. That the Committee of Elec- Think, &c. tiens do, before the Recess, proceed in the Matter con- Elections, cerning the double Returns for the Boroughs of Thirsk and Malton, in the County of York, who are returned by the proper Officers.

Resolved, See. That, as to all Alatters of Elections and Privileges, the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from Sitting till after the Recess, save only as to the Alatters between Sir Jenkins and

Air. Hales for the Port of Hyeth; and between Mr.

Herne and Air. Childc for the Borough of Dartmouth:

And all other Alatters depending, are to go on in Course, after the Recess, as they stand in Order.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Preventing whole House, upon the Provisoes sent from the Lords, Growth of to the Bill for preventing Dangers which may happen PoPei> from Popish Recusants.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Meeres took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho.Metres reports from the said Committee, That

they had gone through the Provisoes referred to them, and made several Amendments; and humbly moved, That he might have a little Time to withdraw, and examine the said Amendments, and then to report the same.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meeres do withdraw, and examine the said Amendments, and make Report thereof to the House, so soon as he has perused the same.

An ingrossed Bill concerning Coinage, was read the Coinage Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue a former Act concerning Coinage.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Committee of the Preventing whole House, several Amendments agreed by the Com- prowth ot mittee to be made to the Provisoes, sent from the Lords, p , to the Bill for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the same being again twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed; and are as followeth;

Amendments to the Proviso mark’d (A).

Line 9th, after the Word " Salary" leave out ‘*or Estate;" and, before the Word "Salary," add "or."

2 Z Line

T--- f"

'274 22° — 2 40 Mar tit. A. 1672.

Line 10th, after the Word " valuable,'’ change "or" ments, do pay what is in Arrear, to Mr. Marsh, who is into " and." appointed to collect the same; to be distributed by Mr.

Line 1 ith, After the Word " Years," add these Words, Speaker, to the Clerks and Under Officers.

" Other than such as relate to any Office, or to any

Place of Trust under his Majesty; and other than Ordered, That Sir Lee do go up to the Lords, Protestant

Pensions of Bounty, or voluntary Pensions." to put them in mind of the Bill for the Ease of his Dissenter*.

Line 14. Before the Word " Hereditaments," insert Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, that are Dissenters from

"or;" and, after the Word " Hereditaments," leave out the Church of England.

"or other Profits whatsoever;" and insert "not being

Officers; nor to take away or make void any Pension or Mr. Secretary Coventry delivers a Message from his Message t#

Salary already granted by his Majesty, to any Person who Majesty, as followeth; expedite

was personally instrumental in the happy Preservation of "

his Sacred Majesty, after the Battle at fWorcester, in the Year 1651, until his Majesty’s Arrival beyond the Seas."

Line 45, After the Word " enjoy," insert " what is provided for, as aforesaid;" and leave out all, to the Word "notwithstanding," Line 52.

Line 53. After the Word "Act," leave out all, to the Word " provided," in the 55th Line.

Line 57th, Leave out the Words " in the Lords House Ofand insert, " before the Peers sitting in."

To the Provisoe, marked (B).

Line nth, After the Word "Persons," add "within Four Months."

The Proviso marked (D), agreed, without any Amendment.

To the Provisoe, marked (E).

Line 4th, Leave out all, from the last Word in that

Line, to the Second " or," in the 7th Line.

Line 9. Leave out the Words " Franchise, Liberty."

I AM commanded by His Majesty, in Pursuance of His late Message, to acquaint you, that His Majesty intendeth you shall rise before Easter; and therefore expects an Expedition of such Bills, as are of most Importance; the Bill of Popery, and that of Supply, particularly: And, for such other Bills, that concern either the Publick, or Particular; and cannot be so soon ready; that they may not receive a Disappointment, His Majesty resolveth to make this an Adjournment, till the Beginning of October; when you may continue their Prosecution: And, in the mean time, His Majesty will take such Care of the Protestant Religion, as you shall have no Occasion to complain.

At the Court at Whitehall, March the 24th, 167 f-.

London Streets and Sewers*

Wendoye*

Return

amended.

Luner, 24° die Martii, 1672.

ABIL L for Paving and Cleansing the Streets and Sewers within the City of London, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Edxc. Massey, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir Richard Everard, Lord

Richardson, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Humphry Wynch, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Crouch, Mr. DanicSir Sir Charles Harbard, Sir Leoline Jenkins, Sir Tho. Dole-man, Sir Nico. Slaning, Sir Adam BrStrode,

Mr. Lowe, Colonel Titus, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Solom. Sxcale, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Jones, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir John Morton, Colonel Gray, Sir

Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Cheney, Colonel Birch, Sir Win. Thompson, Mr. Love, Sir Phil.Warwick, Sir John Mallet, Serjeant Seis, Sir Wm. Harbord, Sir Wm.

Sir John Rolles, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Jonathan Tirelawny, Mr. Morris, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Edw. Busccncen, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Phillipps, Mr.

Westphaling, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Robinson, Sir Bucknall, Mr. Purges, Sir Edm. Bcnvyer, Sir Tho. pesson, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Hugh. Buscowen, Sir Nico. Pedley, Mr. Dalmahoy, Mr. Marvell, Colonel waies, Alderman Bence, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr.;

and all the Members of this House that serve for Middlesex, Westminster, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, according to the Order of the House, in order to Amending the Returp for the Borough of Wendover (the Constables absconding themselves, and being not to be found); the Clerk of the Crown, by Order of the House, did raze out the Name of Edward Back-well Esquire; and instead thereof, insert the Name of Thomas Wharton Esquire; to serve for the Borough of Wendover.

James Houseman, who w as summoned to attend the Complaint of House, to give an Account of his illegal Exacting Two Grievauce*. Shillings and Six-pence per Horse upon Horses transported, attending; and being called in, gave an Account, that he did receive this Imposition in the Right and by Virtue of the Deputation of Francis Ligh/Joot, who is Surveyor to the Duke of Buckingham: And that he had collected several 2 s.and 6d. and accounted for it to Mr. Lightfoot; who had given Security by Bond, to indemnify him.

Ordered, That Francis Lightfoote be summoned to attend this House, to give an Account of his illegal Exacting Two Shillings and Six-pence per llorse on Horses exported: And that James Houseman, who is by him employed to receive it, then again attend.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Me*sagethit

Sir Mondeford Brampston; Loj, ds slt

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that, upon a Message they have received from his Majesty of their Adjournment very suddenly, they have resolved to sit this Afternoon; and desire this House will do the like.

The Bill of General Naturalization w as read a Second Gemral N*l> time.

Resolved, 8cc.That the Debate of the Bill be adjourned

to the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meeres do, in the Afternoon, at the First Sitting of the Lords, go up to desire Mecu*ant* a Conference upon the Bill to prevent Dangers whch may happen from Popish Recusants.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

Remunera- A Petition of the Clerk Assistant, Under Clerks, and AN ingrossed Bill for reviving the -Judicature for Rebuilding Officers of Officers attending the House, being tendered to the House; Determination of Differences touching Houses burnt Navy 0ltc*< the House. Ordered, That every Knight of the Shire do pay Ten down and demolished by reason of the late Fire which ^c‘ Shillings; and every other Member of the House, Five happened in London j and for Rebuilding of the Navy Shillings: And that all that made Default in former Pay- Office; was read,

A Clause

25 Car. II. 24® — 25 2-75

A Clause was tendered, to be added to the Bill for ending Differences touching the Navy Office, and other Houses contiguous, which were burnt: Which was thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Proviso, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving the Judicature for Determination of Differences, touching Houses burnt down and demolished, by reason of the late Fire which happened in London;and for rebuilding the Navy Office.

Pocby of The ingrossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to make Cornwall Leases of his Lands belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, Leasing. was read the Third time.

A Proviso was tendered to be added, and there read; and, upon the Question, rejected.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to make Leases of his Lands belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall.

Popish Sir Thomas Mecres reports, That he had attended the

ktcusanti. Lords; and that they had agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill and Amendments touching Popish Recusants.

Ordered, That the Persons formerly appointed do manage the Conference.

Air. Solicitor reports, That they had attended the Conference, and delivered the Amendments of this House to the Amendments and Provisoes sent from the Lords; and the Reasons allowed by the House.

Mart is,2j* dieMartii, 1(373.

Praters.

\B IL L, on the Behalf of S Cage an Infant, Cage’* to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, was read a First time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Robert Bellamy Bellamy'* to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, was read a Second Eslau< time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Air. rice. Lord Richardson, Sir Thom. Dolman, Mr. Newport,

Mr. Daniell, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir

Edwai'dDeering, Sir Win. Bucknall, Mr. Head, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Collins, Mr. Love, Sir Tho.lMeeres, Sir Lancclott Lake, Sir John Heath, Sit Doyley, S'wjohn Mallett, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Allen,

Air. Collins, Colonel Birch, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Solicitor,

Serj. Seis, Mr. Deny, Sit* John Eheayes, Sir John Hanmer,

Air. Mallett. Sir Wm. Thompson, Mr. 7 Sir John Fredericke, Mr. Tulse: And they are to meet To-rnorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to peruse the Deeds and Evidences concerning the Estate; and to take care, that there be effectual Provision made for the Payment of the Debts: And to send lor Persons,

Papers, and Records.

for the Yeas, for the Noes,

108.

61.

General Nat. The House then resumed the Debate of the Bill for Bilf General Naturalization.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

"Fellers,

Sir Hen. Capell,

Sir Jonath.Trelawny,

Air. Jones,

Air. Love,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Lord St. John,

Air. Caraway,

Lord Obrian,

Sir Geo. Downing,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Air. Attorney General, Mr. Caraway, Mr. Jones, Sir John

iher, Sir John Knight, Sir G Air. Vaughan,

Sir Rich.Ford, Mr. Cheney, Colonel Birch, Sir Humph. Winch, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Love, Mr. Sir John Mallet, Sir

Anthony Irby, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Charles Har-bord, Mr. Buscowen, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Solicitor, Sir Thomas Osborne, All*. Mallet, Sir Moreton, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir Robert Carr, and all that serv e for Sea Port Towns: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

J for the Yeas, for the Noes,

94-

151-

AbnsMin The House then proceeded upon the additional Clause, i-lecuon*. brought in to be added to the Bill for regulating the Elec-tun of Members to sen e in Parliament: Which was again read: And after long Debate thereupon,

Resolved, 8cc. That the additional Clause be recommitted to the Committee to which the Bill was formerly committed; to take the same into Consideration; and to bring in a Clause upon the Subject Alatter of the Debates it the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Resolved, See. That Gibbon be discharged of his At- A Witness tendance on the Committee of Privileges and Elections, discharged, till after the Recess.

Sir Anthony Irby reports from the Committee to which Selling the Bill for Repeal of a C lause in a former Act for prohi- Cattle, biting the Sale of fat Cattle by Jobbers, w as committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee to Greenland, which the Bill for regulating the Greenland and Plantation &c’

Trade, and the Clause for Improvement of the Eastland Trade, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the said Bill and Clause:

Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill and Clause, with the Amendments agreed, be ingrossed.

Sir John Mallet reports from the Committee to* which Londo;

the Bill for the better Paving and Cleansing the Streets and an<* Sew-ers in and about the City of London several Amend- ,s

ments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill, and Tw o Clauses to be added thereto: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were once read.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Conference Win. Beversham; wittl Fords.

Air. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Alatter of the last Conference.

The Alessengers being called in; Air. Speaker did acquaint them, That the House had agreed to confer with the Lords presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Air. Attorney General reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, That the Lords had agreed with this House to their Amendments and Provisoes, except Two; viz. That, for including the Queen’s Servants; and That for having the Clause stand against the Entering n vult utter iusprosequi,

V

Hvthe

Election.

Rich’s

Marriage

Articles.

London Streets and Sewers.

Rills sent from Lords.

London Streets and Sewers.

Address of Remonstrance on Grievances.

a76 25° Martu. A. 1673.

And, the Matter being debated, the House did, upon the Question, severally agree with the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, Atternoon.

Post Meridiem.

RE SO LV ED, 8cc. That the Matter, touching the Election for the Port of Ihj be put otl till the Thursday Sevennight, after the Recess: And all Persons concerned discharged of their Attendance.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to confirm Articles of Agreement, made upon the Marriage of Sir 11 m. , Baronet, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Lord Cavendish, Sir Charles llarbordMr. J lor ice. Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Edna ]\Tasters, Mr. Guy, Mr. Daniel/,

Knight, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir John , Sir

Throgmorton, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Hopkins, Lord Fanshaw, Sir Hum. Sir Gilb.

Sir John Frederick, Sir Tho.Allen, Sir Tlio. Sir

Fran. law ley, Sir Trevor Williams, Colonel Fox, Sir Sol. Swale, Sir John Brampston, Lord Han ley, Sir John Burnaby, Mr. Goreing, Sir Tho. HSir Adam Browne,

Sir Edio. Harley, Mr. Mountague, Mr. And

they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to-send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then proceeded in the Amendments and Clauses reported from the Committee to be made and added to the Bill for the Paving and Cleansing the Streets and Sewers of the City of London.

And the Amendments were read- the Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The First Clause, marked (A), was read the Second time; and debated.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Mond. Brampston and Sir William Bcversham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills; the one intituled, An Act to enable Sir li ra. ham to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts: and the other, An Act to enable Sir John Ekcayes to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Amendments and Clauses to the Bill for the Paving and Cleansing the Streets and Sewers of the City of London, be adjourned till after the Report made concerning Grievances.

Mr. Poxr/e reports from the Committee, Two Addresses, drawn up in Writing: Which lie read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read; and then read a Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to, as they were fead by Paragraphs; and are as followeth; viz.

WE Your Majesty's most loyal Subjects, the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, conceiving ourselves bound, in necessary Duty to Your Majesty, and in Discharge of the Trust reposed in us, truly to inform Your Majesty of the Estate of this Your Kingdom; and, though we are abundantly satisfied, that it hath always been Your Royal Will and Pleasure, that Your Subjects Should be governed according to the Law s and Customs of this Realm; yet, finding, that, contrary to Your Majesty’s gracious Intentions, some Grievances and Abuses are crept in; we crave Leave humbly to represent them to Your Majesty’s Knowledge; and to desire,

That the Imposition of Twelve-pence a Chaldron upon Coal, for the providing of Convoys, by virtue of an Order 21

of Council, dated the 15th Map 1672, may be recalled; and all Bonds, taken by virtue thereof, cancelled:

That Your Majesty’s Proclamation, of the 4th of December 1672, for Prevention of Disorders which may be committed by Soldiers; and whereby the Soldiers, now in Your Majesty's Service, are, in a manner, exempted from the ordinary Course of Justice, may likewise be recalled.

And, whereas great Complaints have been made, out of several Parts of this Kingdom, of divers Abuses, committed in Quartering of Soldiers, That Your Majesty would be pleased to give Order to redress those Abuses; and, in particular, that no Soldiers be hereafter quartered upon any private Houses; and that due Satisfaction may be given to the Inn-keepers and Victuallers where they lie, before they remove.

And, since the Continuance of Soldiers in this Realm will necessarily produce many Inconveniencies to Your Majesty’s Subjects, we do humbly present it as our Petition and Advice, That when this present War is ended, all the Soldiers, which have been raised since the last Session of Parliament, may be disbanded:

That your Majesty would likewise be pleased to consider of the Irregularities and Abuses of pressing Soldiers; and to give Order for the Prevention thereof for tho future.

And, although it hath been the Course of former Parliaments to desire Redress in their Grievances, before they proceeded to give a Supply; yet we have so full Assurance of Your Majesty’s Tenderness and Compassion towards Your People, that we humbly prostrate ourselves at Your Majesty’s Feet with these our Petitions; desiring \ our Majesty to take them into Your Princely Consideration; and to give such Order for Relief of the Subjects, and the Removin'! these Pressures, as shall seem best to our Royal Wisdom.

WE Your Majesty’s most loyal Subjects, the Com- Address or mons, in this present Parliament assembled, taking into Ins A®UI' Consideration the great Calamities which have formerly befallen Your Majesty’s Kingdom of Ireland, from the Popish Recusants there, who, for the most part, are professed Enemies to the Protestant Religion, and the English Interest; and how they, making ill Use of Your Majesty’s gracious Disposition and Clemency, are, at this Time, grown more insolent and presumptuous than formerly, to the apparent Danger of that Kingdom, and X our Majesty’s Protestant Subjects there; the Consequence thereof may likewise prove very fatal to this Your Kingdom of England, if not timely prevented; and having seriously weighed, what Remedies may be most properly applied to these growing Distempers; do in all Humility present Your Majesty with these our Petitions:

That, for establishing and quieting the Possessions of Your Majesty's Subjects in that Kingdom, Your Majesty would be pleased to maintain the Act of Settlement, and the Explanatory Act thereupon; and to recal the Commission of Inquiry into Irish Affairs, bearing Date the Seventeenth of January last; as containing many new and extraordinary Powers, not only to the Prejudice of particular Persons, whose Estates and Titles are thereby made liable to be questioned; but, in a manner, to Your Overthrow of the said Acts of Settlement; and, if pursued, may be the Occasion of great Charge and Attendance to many of Your Subjects in Ireland; and shake the Peace and Security of the whole Kingdom:

That Your Majesty would give Order, that no Papist be either continued or admitted to be a Commander or Soldier in that Kingdom: And, that because the Irish Papists have furnished themselves with great Quantities of Arms, That Your Majesty would please to give Directions so to disarm them, that they may not be dangerous to the Government there; and that their Arms be brought into the publick Magazine.

That the like Order may be given, that no Papist be either continued, or hereafter admitted to be Judges, Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs, Coroners, Mayors, Sovereigns, or Portreves in that Kingdom.

That

t >,

London Sueeb and Stivers.

Parret, See.

Navigation.

Hanhams

35 Gar. II. 3.5° — 21

That the titularPopish Archbishops; Bishops, Vicars General, Abbots, and all other exercising Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, by the Pope’s Authority, and/in particular Peter Talbott, pretended Archbishop of Dublin, for his notorious Disloyalty to Your Majesty, and Disobedienco and Contempt of Your Laws, may be commanded, by Proclamation forthwith to depart.out of Ireland, and all other Your Majesty’s Dominions; or otherwise to be prosecuted according to Law: And that all Convents, Seminaries, and publick Popish Schools may be dissolved and*, suppressed; and) die Regular Priests commanded to depart, under the like Penalty.

That no Irish Papists be admitted to inhabit in any

Corporations! that Kingdom, unless duly licensed, according to the aforesaid Acts of Settlement: And that Your Majesty would be pleased to recal Your Letters of tile 2tith ot February 1671, and Your Proclamation there-

upon-; whereby general Licence is given to such Papists to inhabit in Corporations there.

That Your Majesty’s Letter of the 28th of September 1672, and the Order of Council thereupon, whereby Your Majesty's Subjects are required, not to prosecute, any Actions against the Irish, for any Wrongs or Injuries

committed during the late Rebellion, may likewise be recalled.

That Colonel Richard Talbott, who hath notoriously assumed to himself the Title of Agent of the Roman Catholicks in Ireland, be immediately dismissed out of all Command, either Civil or Military; and forbid an Access to Your Majesty’s Court.

That Your Majesty would be pleased, from time to time, out of Your Princely Wisdom, to give such further Orders and Directions to Your Lord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor of Ireland for the Time being, as may best conduce to the Encouragement of th Planters,

and Protestant Interest there; and the Suppression of the Insolencies and Disorders of the Papists.

These our humble Desires we present to Your Majesty, as the best Means to preserve the Peace and Safety of That Your Kingdom, which hath been so much of late endangered by the Practices of the said Irish Papists, and particularly of the said Richard mid Peter TalbottAnd we doubt not but Your Majesty will find the happy Effects thereof, to the great Satisfaction and Security of Your Majesty's Person and Government; which of all earthly Things is most dear to LTs Your Majesty's most loyal and obedient Subjects.

Resolved, See. That the Addresses be presented to his Majesty: And that those Members that are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do attend his Majesty, to know his Pleasure when this House shall attend him with the Addresses concerning Grievances.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Bill for paving the Streets and Sewers of the City of London.

The First Proviso marked (A), was read; and, upon the Question, rejected.

The Second Proviso was twice read; and agreed to be added to the Bill, with these Words left out, "as also all Monies payable for Hackney Coaches, as aforesaid." Ordered, That this Proviso be added to the said Bill;

" Provided that this Act shall continue and stand in Force for the Space of Seven Years; and from thence to th6 End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer."

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to make the Rivers Parret and 1 hone naviga hie, from the Port er to Taun-

ton, and thence to Bradford Bridge, was read a First time. Resolved, Sic. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir I I'm. llunkamto sell Lands for Payment of

Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Richard Francklyn, Sir Williams,

Mr. Palmes, Sir Philip Mmgrave, Mr. Hales, Sir John Covert, Sir John Hammer, Mr. Waldron, Si Vol. IX.

>° Martii 37-7-

ther, Mr. Harrison, Lord Richardson, Mr. Morrice, Sir Solomon Swede, Sir Robert Dit ling ton, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Croyck, Sir

Edw. Masters, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Neale, Colonel Birch, Mr. Cheney, Sir Charles Sidley, Mr. NortonAndtfiey

are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the After? noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And. to send sons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till To-rnorrowv Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii,26° die Mar, 1673,

Prayers.

SIR John Mallettreports from the Committee, to Abus«sia, which the Clause to be added to the Bill for regulat- Election ing Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, some Amendments, agreed to be added to the said Clause: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered tile same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being Twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed;

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill, with the Amendments and Clause agreed to, be ingrossed.

The ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Exception ia for explaining and declaring the Extent of an Exception, a Deed-in a Deed therein mentioned, was read a First time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and declaring the Extent of an Exception, in a Deed therein named, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Sir Bennett, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Hanley, Mr.

Sir John Slunc, Lord 'Ashley, Mr. Daniel/, Mr Sir John Strode, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. Jl'estphaling, Sir Lucy, Sir Roll, Colonel Titus, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Sir

John Norton, Mr. Taughan, Mr. Whittaker, Sir Browne, Sir Raph Banks, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir John Heath, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir John E/wSir Thom. Allen,

Mr. Swanton, Sir John I Limner, Sir John Brampston, Sir

Henry Felton, Sir Fran.C/erke, Colonel Sir Gilbert

Talbot, Mr. Hobby, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir ton, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Trevor, and all that serve for the County of Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Tw o of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary Coventry re|K>rts, that the Members of King ap-this House, of the Privy Council, had attended his Ma- points to be jesty, to know his Pleasure, when he would be attended attende<k with the Addresses of this House: And that his Majesty hath declared, lie would be ready to receive the House, in the Banqueting House at LVhiichathis Afternoon, before Three of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Matter, concerning the Election for Dartmouth Dartmouth, and all other Matters depending before the Election, Committee of Privileges and Elections, be put off till after the llecess; and that all Persons concerned be discharged of their further Attendance.

And then the House ad journed till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Fast Meridiem.

MR. Speaker, with the House, being met, went to Answer to Whitehall, to attend his Majesty. Addresses.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That he had delivered the Addresses to his Majesty, according to the

4 A Commands

278

a6° — 27° Martii.

A. 1675.

Commands of the House: And that his Majesty was pleased to return his Answer to the Effect following; vis.

' That he observed the Address did consist of many different.Parts; and therefore it could not be expected there Should be a present Answer: But, for the several particular Things contained in it, he would, before the next Meeting, take such effectual Care, that no Man Should have Reason to complain.

Thanks for Answer.

Address for encouraging English Manufactures.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- King ap-quaint you, that his Majesty hath appointed Three of the points to be Clock this Afternoon, for the Committees of both attended-Houses to attend him at , with the Address of

both Houses, for the Encouragement of the Manufactures of this Kingdom: And the House of Peers have appointed a Committee of Nine Lords for that Purpose. And that Lords agree they have agreed to the Bill for enabling his Majesty to to Bills. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do present the humble make Leases of his Lands belonging to his Duchy of Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for the often Ac- Cornwall; and to the Bill for taking off Aliens Duties cesses they have been admitted to his Majesty’s Person; upon Commodities of the Growth, Product, and Manu- and for his most gracious Answer to the several Addresses facture of this Nation; without any Alterations, of this House; and particularly for his last gracious Mes- Ordered, That these Eighteen Members following be sagej and for the Care he hath declared he will take of appointed a Committee, to join with the Lords Commitee ~ ~ in presenting the Address to his Majesty, to encourage the

Manufactures of his own Dominions; viz. Mr.

Sir Robert , Sir Thomas Dolman, Lord Ashley, Sir

Geo.Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir John Talbott, Sir Rich Temple, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Edw. Deering,

Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Charles Harbord, Lord Hawley,

Colonel Strangwaies, Mr. Sir John Mounson,

Sir Edw. Phillipps, Sir John Mallett.

the Protestant Religion.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Wm. Beversham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to you with an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, to encourage the Manufactures of his own Dominions; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

To which the House, upon reading Twice, and inserting the Words " and Commons," agreed. And the Messengers, beiDg called in, were acquainted, that the House had agreed with the Lords: And the Address was delivered back to them again.

Ordered, That this House will not, before the Re- Supply, cess, admit of any new Motion concerning any further Supply.

> f«

Co

If

to

Tfl

c

p

Supply Bill.

’ The Bill for raising the Sum of Twelve hundred additional Bill for the better Paving and Cleans- London Thirty-eight thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, ing Streets and Sewers in and about the City of Streets and having had a Third Reading. London, was read the Third time. Sewers.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the proviso was tendered, for paving and maintaining Title be. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve hundred the Streets and Passages in the Out Parishes within the

Wiseman’s

Estate.

Hanham’t

Estate.

Rich's

Marriage

Articles.

Thirty-eight thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds.

Jovis, 27’ die Martii, 1673.

Prayers.

THE ingrossed Bill from the Lords, of Sir Richard Wiseman, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Temple, Colonel Birch, Mr. Sir Thomas

Allen, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Knight, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr. Culliford, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Bennett, Sir A nth. Irby, Mr. Morrice,

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Crouch, Mr. IVyn, Mr. Dalma-

hoy, Mr. Grey, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir John Brampston,

Sir Edw.Deering, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Mallett,

Mr. Daniell, Sir Solomon Swale, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir

Courtney Poole, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir John Fagg, Mr.

Tregonwell, Lord Fanshaw, Mr. Chalmmdley, Mr. Bertie,

Sir Thom. Meeres, Mr. Mountague, Colonel Whitley, Lord

Angier, Mr. Bain. Mainard, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Whittaker, Lord Allington, Sir Geo. Mr. Cheney,

Colonel Gilby, and all the Members of this House, that serve for Essex and Suffolke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Whittaker reports from the Committee, to which the Bill to enable Sir John Hanham to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had gone through the whole Bill, and found no Cause of Alteration or Amendment.

And being read a Third time;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that Mr. Whittaker do carry it up to the Lords.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee, to which the Bill to confirm Articles of Agreement, made upon the-Marriage of Sir WRich Baronet, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the whole Bill, and found no Cause of Alteration or Amendment. Which being read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that Sir Charles Harbord do carry up the same to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir

Wm. Beversham;

For the Yeas, 85. For the Noes, 64.

Bills of Mortality; and thrice read; and, with the Addition of these Words, " or other Fence," after the Word " Waste," upon the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill;

Another Proviso was tendered, for rebuilding Alllial-lowes Church in Fenchurch-street.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Wm. Windham,

Mr. Ash,

Colonel Strode,

Sir John Mallet,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Win. Portman,

Mr. Thomas,

Lord Ashley,

Sir John Coventry,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Proviso was read a Second time.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Lords intend Wm. Beversham; to sit.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they intended to sit this Afternoon, for Dispatch of the Business that is before them:

And desire they w’ould do so too.

Resolved, ~ to sit this Afternoon.

| For the Yeas, 91. 1 For the Noes, 85.

That this House doth agree with the Lords

The House then proceeded in the Debate of the Bill. . London paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers. Streets and

The Question being put, That the Bill, and Proviso Sewers-agreed to, do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

379

Answer to Address.

Thanks for Answer.

Bellamy*

tattle.

Greenland,

ice. Trade.

Selling

lalile.

General Nat. Bill.

Adjourn-

ment.

i 5 Car. II.

37°- — 38°

Tellers,

Sir Gilbert Talb

Colonel Birch,

Sir Thomas Lee,

Mr. Garaway,

And so it passed in the Negative.

For the Yeas, 90. For the Noes, 115.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, Afternoon.

Tellers,

Lord Clifford,

Sir Adam Bromine,

Sir fVm. Windham,

Mr. Windham,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

For the Yeas, 76. For the Noes, 60.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Post Meridiem.

SIR Bobert Carr reports from the King, That the Committee, appointed by this House to join with the Committee of Lords, in presenting to his Majesty the Address for Encouragement of the wearing the Manufactures of his own Dominions, That the said Address was presented to his Majesty, by the Hands of the Right honourable the Lord High Treasurer of England: And that his Majesty made Answer to this Effect; That he would give all the Encouragement possible therein, both in his own Person, and those which w ere about him; and that, for the better effecting thereof, he had given Order to the said Lord Treasurer, that Care Should be taken for the Seizing of all prohibited Goods, at the Customhouse.

Ordered, That the said Address be entered in the Journal of this House: And the same is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty’s most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech Your Majesty, that you will be graciously pleased, by your own Example to encourage the constant w earing of the Manufactures of your own Kingdoms and Dominions; and to discountenance such Persons (Men or Women in Your Court) as shall wear any Manufactures made in foreign Countries.

Ordered, That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Answer, touching the Encouragement of the wearing the English Manufactures: And that Sir Robert Carr do attend his Majesty with the Thanks of this House, accordingly.

Mr. Mallet reports from the Committee, to which the Bill to enable Robert Bellamy to sell Lands for Payment of Debts was committed, That they had carefull perused the whole Bill; and found no cause of Alteration or Amendment And the same being read a Third time;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that Mr. Mallet do carry up the same to the Lords.

An Act for encouraging the Greenland, Eastland, and Plantation Trade, was read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act *

The Bill for Repeal of a Clause in a former Act to prohibit Salesmen from selling fat Cattle, was read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit Salesmen from selling fat Cattle: And that Sir Geo. Dooming do carry up the same to the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Barker, Clerk of the Crown;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalization: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Question being put, That the House be adjourned; The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Voi.JX,

Veneris, 28° die Martii, 1673.

THE Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Exception in explaining and declaring the Extent of an Excep- a Deed, tien in a Deed therein named, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

The humble Petition of the poor Prisoners in the Debtor* King's Bench, on the Behalf of themselves, and other Relief. Prisoners in the several Prisons in the City of London,

County of Middlesex, and other Prisons within this Realm, who have taken, or are capable of taking, the Oath mentioned in the late gracious Act of Parliament, for the Relief and Release of poor distressed Prisoners for Debt, was twice read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in an explanatory Bill for the further Relief of Prisoners; and more particularly of such as are poor Prisoners, upon mesne Process and Outlawries: And it is referred to Sir John Birkenhead, to take care, that a Bill be prepared accordingly; and brought in the next Meeting after the Recess.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Beversham and Sir Edw. Low;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill for Ease of his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, Dissenters from the Church of England; with some Provisoes and Alterations; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments and Provisoes were read the First time.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in the First Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Higgons,

% OO 1

Colonel Birch,

Colonel Strangwaies,

Mr. Gurrazcay,

Protestant

Dissenters.

| For the Yeas, 104.

j- For the Noes, 109.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in the Second Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with their Lordships in the Third Amendment: To let go that which

concerns the Articles; and take the Subscription touching Transubstantiation; and retain the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Amendment being read the Second time; and being to insert a Clause, consisting of several Points; and leaving out several Clauses in the Bill;

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in leaving out the Tests of taking the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in leaving out the Test for Subscription to the Articles of Religion;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice IVindham Genar&l and Mr. Justice Atkins; Pardon.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint you,

That his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to send them an Act, intituled, An Act for the King’s Majesty’s

most

286

28®- — 2'9° Martii.

A. 1*67 J,

Lords intend to sit.

Pi 01 extant Dissenters.

mo9t General and Free Pardon: Which they have accepted of; and have sent it to you.

A Message from' the'Lords, by Sir and Sir Edxc. Loire;

Mr. Speaker, By Command of the House of Lords, we are to acquaint this House, That the Lords do intend to sit this Afternoon, for Dispatch of the weighty Affairs that are before them: And desire this House would also sit.

To which the House agreeing;

The Messengers were called in; and acquainted therewith.

The Question being propounded, That the Debate of the Amendments to the Bill for the Ease of Dissenters, be adjourned, till after the Bill of General Pardon be read;

The Question being put, That these Words "till after the Bill of general Pardon be read," be Part of the Question;

The House divided

The Yeas go Out.

Tellers,

Lord Arron,

Lord Aungier,

Lord St. Johns,

Lord Combury,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative

General

Pardon.

Protestant

Dissenters,

For the Yeas, 114. For the Noes, 102.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of Amendments to the Bill for Ease of Dissenters be adjourned, till after the Bill of General Pardon be read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill of General Pardon be read.

The Bill of General Pardon was accordingly read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to; viz. An Act for the King’s Majesty’s most General and Free Pardon.

The House then proceeded upon the rest of the Amendments, sent from the Lords.

And the other Parts of the Fourth Amendment being read the Second time;

Mr. Powle, Colonel Titus, Mr. Swinfeit, ML Vaughan,

Sir Thomas Lee; or any Three of them: And that'Mr. Powle do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 29* die Matt1673.

Pratees.

AN ingrossed Bill, serit'ffbm the Lords, to make the Perrott, &c.

Rivers of Perrott and Thonc, from the Port of Navigation. Bridgwater to Taunton, and thence to Bradford Bridge navigable, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmond Windham, Mr. Newport, Sir W Churchill, Sir

Thomas Doleman, Mr. Maynard, Sir Philip,

Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir John Knight, Sir Sir

John Talbott, Mr. Morrice, Lord Hawley, Colonel Titus,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Sir John Coventry, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Rich. Temple, Lord St.John,

Mr. Prideaux, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir

John Eaimely, Sir Thomas Lee, Lord Ashley, Sir John

Bennet, Mr. Pleydull, Mr. Daniell,.Mr. Whitaker, Sir Char. Harbord, Mr. Tregomicll, Sir Portman, Sir

John Roll, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Buscowen, Mr. Powle,

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Morrice, Mr.

Wiseman, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Birch, Mr. Zore,

Mr. Whittaker, Sir William BuckMr. King, Sir John Fredericke, ar.<;i all the Members of this House,

that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Dorset: And they are to meet in the Exchequer Chamber, the First Tuesday of the Meeting of this House, after the Recess: And that Mr. Speaker send out his Warrant of Summons, to give Notice to such Persons as are concerned in point of Interest, that they may there attend, and be heard before the Committee:

And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Meeresreports from the Committee, to Protestant

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in which it was referred to draw up Reasons to be offered at Dissenter*,

the Fourth Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fifth Amendment was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in this Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Sixth Amendment was read the Second time.

The Question being put, To agree to this Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Amendments were read a Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The last Amendment was read a Second time; and, upon the Question, disagreed

the Conference to be had with the Lords, the Reasons agreed by the Committee: Which he read; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which, being again read, and agreed, are as followeth;

That it is without Precedent, and may be of ill Consequence, to put a Power any-where out of Parliament, whether a Law Should take its Effect or no.

That we do not know, upon what Terms and Conditions, and with what Limitations and Qualifications such a Proclamation may issue; whereby the Intent of this Law, might, in a great Measure, be defeated, and the Benefit o? this Act rendered very uncertain to all those People to whom Ease is intended.

That it puts a great Number of Persons upon a dif-

Conference desired with Lord*.

The several Paragraphs in the Proviso mark’d (A) were ferent Dependency upon the Crown from the rest of his read a Second time; and agreed to, with making the Majesty’s Subjects; and if such Dissenters Should have Word "or" in the 18th Line "and;" and with Addition too great a Countenance, it might cause many Persons of the Clause following; to withdraw themselves from the Church of England.

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, That his That though the House of Commons cannot comply Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for any Misdemeanor with so unlimited a Power, as the issuing out such Pro-by Colour of this Act, may, by his Proclamation under clamations would induce; yet to a Clause added to the the Great Seal, take off the Liberty granted by this Act, End of our Amendment to the Proviso mark'd (A), we to any Person or Persons whatsoever^ as to him or them have put a sufficient Power in his Majesty, to prevent shall appear meet or convenient." any Inconveniences that may arise by this Act: Which

The last Proviso mark'd (B), was twice read; and, we doubt not but will satisfy your Lordships, with inserting the Words " or omitted," after the Word That these Words relate to the Way of proceeding by acted," was, upon the Question, agreed to Justices of the Peace, without resorting to the King for

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Amendments of this House, to the Amendments and Provisoes, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Ease to his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects Dissenters in Matters

Licences: Which the House of Commons have thought fit to continue for the Reasons before given: And there-

O

fore they cannot agree to this Amendment.

That by this Amendment the ’l ests of the Oaths of

of Religion; ^nd that these Persons following do draw up Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Subscription to the Reasons to be used at the said Conference; viz. Mr. Attor- Articles of the Doctrine of the Church of England are ney General, Mr. Solicitor, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir John wholly left out: Which if it were admitted, Liberty 'Birkenhead, Mr. Milward, Mr. Garraway, Col. Birch, might be given to Popery, and all Heresies and Sects Colonel Strangewaies, Sene&nt Seys, Sir Nicholas Pedley, whatsoever.

24 That

25 Car. II.

290 Martii. — 20°

281

That we do not intend by this Act to give Ease to those that differ from us in the Fundamentals of Religion; but only in some Circumstance or Ceremonial Part of it: And we cannot know who agree with us in Fundamentals, unless we propose somewhat to which we all consent: And we conceive this Subscription was enjoined in the Time of Queen Elizabeth, alter the Reformation of Religion, be-iore these Divisions did appear publickly in our Church.

That these Tests will put a Difference between Papists and Protestant Dissenters; which were never sufficiently distinguished by any Law yet extant: And this, we conceive, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Church of England; and conduce very much to the Preservation and Security of the Protestant Religion.

We think no Man deserves the Favour of this Act, w!k> refuseth to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; which are the civil Obligations of the Subjects of England to their King.

We cannot admit of this Amendment, because we dis-flgree to your Lordships former Amendment of Procuring Licences from the King; to which this doth relate.

O'

That we conceive it will be for the Advantage of the Church, to invite as many to come in, as may consist with its Safety; and to remove such unnecessary Scruples as may olltnul or hinder others from the uniting with us.

That we conceive, that many Persons would renounce oil Obligation of the Covenant upon themselves, are yet doubtful how far it may oblige other Persons, through a misguided Conscience, or invincible Ignorance: And we think ourselves sufficiently secured of such Persons as shall take the remaining Part of the Renunciation.

That we think it inconvenient to oblige any Person that hath never taken the Covenant, to inquire into it, which all those must necessarily do, who are obliged to renounce it; whereby the Memory of it will be continued; which is fitter to be buried in Oblivion.

We suppose your Lordships intend not to deprive any Person from the Benefit of this Act, but such as have revolted from the Church of England: And we cannot esteem any Persons to have been Members of the Church

of England, hut such as have both conformed to the Liturgy, and received the Sacrament.

Conference Ordered, That Mr. Herbert do go up to the Lords to desired with Jesjre a Conference upon the Amendments, sent from their Lordships, to the Bill for the Ease ot‘ Dissenters from the Church of England, in Matters of Religion.

Ordered, That the Persons which committed the Breach of Privilege against the Serjeant at Arms, do attend the Committee of Privileges, the Eirst time of their Meeting after the Recess.

Post Meri*

Lords.

Persons to attend.

Conference Mr. Herbert reports, That the Lords had agreed to iiieed to a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber.

General Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do return the Pardon. Act for a General Pardon to the Lords.

dressts.

Motion for A Motion being made, That an Address be made to printing Ad- his Majesty, that he would be pleased to give Order for ‘ the Printing the Addresses of this House concerning G riev-

ances; and his Majesty's gracious Answer thereto;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

The Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned; The House divided.

The Y eas go out.

Tellers,

Sr'jSfiffif jF-1-Y-MO*

"*ry'.}For, heN^>o5-

And Mr. Speaker giving his Vote with the Yeas; it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Voju. IX.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir William L°rds desirt j Here nth am and Sir Edw. Low, a Conference.

Mr. Speaker, We are, by Command of the Lords, to acquaint this House, That they desire a present Conference, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference in the Painted Chamber: And that their Lordships have Selling agreed to the Bill for Repeal or a Clause in a former Act, Cattle, to prohibit Salesmen from selling fat Cattle; to the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply; and to the Bill for encouraging Greenland, the Greenland and Eastland Trades; and for the better Trades, securing the Plantation Trade, without any Alteration.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House haJ agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Conference had Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments of this House, to on Protestant the Amendments and Provisoes by them sent to the Bill Dissenter* for Ease of his Majesty’s Subjects Dissenters from the 1 Church of England-, those Amendments which the Lords insist on; of those sent from them; and those they do agree in; with the Amendments from this House: Which he read; and delivered in at the Table.

The Lords insisting on their first Amendment;

The Question being put, That Candles be brought in;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers,

Colonel Birch, 1 p

Mr. W, j Fot the Ye">

Sir John Talbott, 1 r , 17

Sir Jcmtk. TreUmmey, j For ,he Noes- >3«-

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in their First Amendment; —

A Message from the King, by Sir Edward Carteret, I'rs°a?e to Usher of the Black Rod; *-tend

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him forthwith in his House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker returning with the House, reported, That; in order to their Commands, he had attended his Majesty:

And, after he had delivered the Bills, and what he had,

in Command from the House, his Majesty declared his Pleasure, That the Parliament Should be adjourned to Adjoum-the 1 wentieth of October next: nienu

And accordingly the House did adjourn to that Day.

Lima, 20* die Octobris, 1673.

/I RD ERE D, That an Address be made to his Ma- Addres#

jesty, by such Members of this House as are of his against D. of Majesty’s Privy Council, to acquaint his Majesty, that it \or*t’8 ^Iar' is the humble Desire of this House, that the intended Mar- na8®* riage of his Royal Highness with the Dutchess of Modena be not consummated; and that he may not be married to any Person, but of the Protestant Religion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant Chiping to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ W'icumbe for the Election of a Member to serve for the Borough Wnt of Chiping Wicombe, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir Edmond Pye, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant Chichester to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wnt for Writ, the electing a Member to serve for the City of Chichester in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir Henry ham, decased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant Bewdfcy to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for WriU

4 B the

the electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Bat'd-Icy in the County of Worcester, in the room of Sir Henry Herbert, deceased.

Burnugh- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant

bngg Writ. to the (']er(< of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Bu-rogghbriggin the County of in the room of Sir

Robert Long, deceased.

Huntington Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant

Wnt* to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Kbight of the Shire for the County of Huntington, in the room of Colonel Williams Esquire, deceased.

AliJ'oorough Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant

Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Member to serve for the Borough of AUl-bftrough in tire County of York, in the room of Sir Francis Goodrich, deceased.

Yorke Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Member to serve for the City of Yorke, in tLe room of Sir Thomas Osborne, called up to the House of Lords.

CantUrising Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant.

Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Member to serve for the Borough of

rising. in the County of Norfolk in the room of Sir Robert Boston, called up to the House of Lords.

Malm*bury Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant

Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

1673.

the electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Malmsbury in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir Edward Boole, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant Teuxtury to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for " nl-the electing a Member to serve for the Borough of bury in the County of Gloucester, in the room of Richard

Dou dsn-ell, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant Exeter Writ, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Member to serve for the City of Exeter in the County of Devon, in the room of Robert Walker Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant Well* Writ, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Member to serve for the City of Wells in the County of Somerset, in the room of Richard Lord Butler, called up to the House of Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edie. Carteret, Parliament Usher of the Black Rod; prorogued.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by his Majesty’s Commission, desire this honourable House to attend them forthwith in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with this House, went up: Where his Majesty's Commission was read, for the Proroguing of the Parliament till the Twenty--seventh of this instant October.

And accordingly both Houses were prorogued till that time.

ao* — 270

Luna, 27° die Octobris, 1673.

Prayers.

Message to \ MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir -

attend the tcret, Usher of the Black Rod;

k‘ng‘ Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House, to attend Him forthwith in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, returning;

The King’s Mr. Speaker reports to the House, the Substance of his Spes-S re- Majesty’s Speech, and of the Speech made by the Lord *0 e Chancellor: And his Majesty’s Speech being delivered in Writing, was read to the House by Mr. Speaker, and is as followeth; viz.

Mv Lords and Gentlemen,

I THOUGHT this Day to have welcomed you with an honourable Peace: My Preparations for the War, and Condescensions at the Treaty, gave me great Reason to believe so: But the Dutch have disappointed Me in That Expectation; and have treated my Ambassadors at Cologne with the Contempt of Conquerors, and not as might be expected from Men in their Condition. They have other Thoughts than Peace.

This obligeth Me to move you again for a Supply; the Safety and Honour of the Nation necessarily requiring it. It must be one proportionable to the Occasion. And I must tell you besides, That if I have it not speedily, the Mischief will be irreparable in My Preparations for the next Spring.

The great Experience I have had of you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, will not suffer Me to believe,

that the Artifices of our Enemies can possibly divert you from giving me this Supply; or that you can fail of adjusting the Proportion of it.

I hope I need not use many Words to persuade you, that I am steady in maintaining all the Professions and Promises I have made you concerning Religion and Property: And I shall be very ready to give you fresh Instances of My Zeal for preserving the established Religion and Laws, as often as any other Occasion shall require.

I11 the last place, I am highly concerned to recommend to your Consideration and Care, the Debt I owe the Goldsmiths, in which very many other of my good Subjects are involved: I heartily recommend their Condition to you; and desire your Assistance for their Relief.

There is more that I would have you informed of:

Which I leave to the Chancellor.

Resolved, See. That the Consideration of his Majesty's gpeech Speech be adjourned till Friday next. iu be cm-

sidereil.

The Question being propounded, That Mr Speaker Motion for do leave the Chair; and a Speaker pro tempore be ap- Speaker’s pointed. leaving ib»

The Question being put, That that Question he now <JlliUr-put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That for the better Solemnization of the Dr. Stilling-Fifth of November next, the House do meet in a Body, fleete to and go from thence to St. Margarett'sChurch, Pr£schon

ster; And that Dr. Stilling fleete be desired to preach 5 1 °'em er‘ before the House that Day: And Sir John Mounson is to give him Notice.

A Bill for repairing of Churches, and enabling Vicars Recovery of to recover their small Tythes, was read the First time. Tythes.

Resolved,

New Writ* Utued.

Tom mi tree lor Journals,

25 Car. II. 270 — 30 O283

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Warrants to the Clerk of Uie Crown, to make out Writs for Election of Members in all Places vacant by Death or Removal, where there was no Claim depending.

Ordered, rl hat Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new' Writ for the electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Chiping If icombe, in the room of Sir Edmond Pye, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Member to serve for the City of Chichester in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir Henry Peckharn, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve for the Borough of Rixcdley in the County of I Worcester, in the room of Sir Henry Herbert,* deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Buroagh Brigg, in the County of Yorke, in the room of Sir Robert Long, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve for the County of Huntington, in tnc room of Colonel Williams, deceased. Ordered, 'I hat Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Member to serve for the Borough of Alhorough in the County of Yorke, in the room ot Sir Francis Goodrich, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve for the City of Yorke, in the room of Sir Thomas Osborne, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Election of a Member to serve for the Borough of Casl/criseing in the County of Norfolke, in the room of Sir Robert Boston, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing of a ]\ I em her to serve for the Borough of Teuxbury, in the room of Richard Doxcdsxtell Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve for the Borough of Malmsbury in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir Eduard Poole, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve for the City of Exeter in the County of Devon, in the room of Robert Walker Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve for the City of JVells in the County of Somerset I, in the room of Richard Lord Butler, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve for the Town of Nexccastle in the County of Northumberland, in the room of Sir John Morley, deceased.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inspect the Journals of the last and former Sessions of this House; and peruse the Journal which shall be of this Session; to see if there be any Errors or Mistakes therein, to rectify the same; and to report the same to the House, as they shall see Cause; viz. Lord Cornbury, Mr. Gar axe ay. Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Eli ah Harvey, Sir Thomas Littleton, NiwPvide, Mr. Hobby, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr Hopkins, VoL. IX.

Sir George Reeves, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Sacheverell,

Mr. Stockdale, Sir John Lou ther, Sir Nich. Cartxv, Mr.

Maynard, Sir John Otzcay, Sir Thomas Meeres, Col. Strangxxayes; or any Three of them: And they are to meet in the Speaker’s Chamber, this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Qrand sit every Monday at Two of the Clock in the Attemoon, Committees. > in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Wednesday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Resolved, &c. That the House be adjourned till Thurs- Adjourn-day Morning next, Eight of the Clock. ment.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Juris, 30° die OctobrtSj 1673.

Prayers.

AMOTION being made, on the Behalf of Sir Thirsk William IVenixcorth, who was returned a Burgess Election, for the Borough of 7hirsk in the County of Yorke; informing the House, That, by reason of a Contest between him and Mr. Wharton, touching the Election, lie had hitherto forborn to sit, w ithout the Leave of the House, though he were returned by the proper Officer.

And the Clerk of the Crown attending at the Door with the Returns; And being called in; and withdrawing;

Both Returns being read; and the Matter debated;

Resolved, &c. That Sir William JVentuvrth is duly returned by the proper Officer, to serve for the Borough of Thirsk; and ought to sit.

Sir Paul Neale sitting in the House as a Member of Exception to* the House; an Exception being taken against him, that a Member’s he had no Right to sit there as a Member; Kigiutoa

Thereupon he withdrew: SeaU

Mr. Secretary Coventry, having delivered in a Message Answer to in Writing, from his Majesty, in Answer to the Address Address of this House to his Majesty, concerning the intended lilt

Marriage of his Royal Highness, with the Princess of Marnag*. Modena: Which being read, is as followeth; viz.

HIS Majesty having received an Address from the House of Commons, presenting their humble Desire, That the intended Marriage between his Royal Highness and the Duchess of Modena be not consummated; commandeth this Answ er to be returned;

That He perceiveth the House of Commons have wanted a full Information of this Matter; the Marriage not being barely intended, but completed according to the Forms used amongst Princes, and by His Royal Consent and Authority; Nor could He in the least suppose it disagreeable to His House of Commons, His Highness having been, in the View of the World, for several Months, engaged in a Treaty of Marriage *\ith another Catholic

Princess;

284 3°° — 3l0 Octobris. d. 1673.

Princess; and yet a Parliament held during that Time, and not the least Exception taken at it.

Another Address egunst the Marriage,

For the Yeas, 184. For the Noes, 88.

The House taking the said Message into Consideration, and Debate;

The Question being put, That this House will prepare an Address to he presented to his Majesty, concerning the Match between his Royal Highness and the Princess of Modern;

The House was divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers,

Mr. Stock-dale, j

Mr. Poxcle,

Lord Hair ley,

Sir AltaiApsley,

And so it passed in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this House will prepare an Address to be presented to his Majesty, concerning the Match between his Royal Highness and the Princess of Modena.

Resolved, kc. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and draw the Address; Mr. Col. Birch,

Sir Thomas Clergis, Lord St. John, Sir Robert Sir Thomas Lee, Sir William Coventry, Sir Etiab Haney, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Nicholas Car ere, Mr Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Garraxcay, Mr. Attorney General,

Colonel Strangxcaies, Sir John Sir Thom. Mceres.

Sir Charles Herbert, Sir/ Pm.Herbert, Mr. Whorxvocd, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Test against Resolved, kc.That a Committee be appointed, for the Papist*. preparing a Bill for a General Test, to distinguish between Protestants and Papists: And those that shall refuse to take it, be uncapable to enjoy any Office, Military or Civil; or to sit in either House of Parliament; or to come within Five Miles of the Court; viz Mr. Poxcle, Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir Robert Howard, Sir William Coventry, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. Sloekdale, Mr. Garaway.Sir Thomas Meats, Sir John Holham, Mr.

Whom cod, Lord Si. John, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Ehab Harvey, Sir Nick Car ear, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Attorney

General, Colonel Stravgxc Sir Char.; or

any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at'I liree of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Exceptions to Resolved, kc. That the Debate, touching Sir Paul a Member’s Neale his coming into the House, be adjourned till Eight u> a Tuesday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee of Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges Privileges, he appointed of these Members following; Sir Metres, Sir John Lowther, Sir Mr

Mr. 1\ Edward, Sir John Worden, Mr. Peni le, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. George Mountague, Lord Williams,

A ir. Garraxcay, Mr. Cheney, Sir Allen Apsely, Sir Ralph Rankes, Mr. Rigby, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Hide, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. Sir John Trevor, Sir

Francis. Leeke, Sir Thom. Holman, Col. Strode, Mr. Churchill, Mi-. Strangxcaies, Colonel Philipps, Serjeant

Maynard, Mr. Wm. HSir Will. Hickman, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Newport, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Thomas Clergis, Lord Cornbury, Lord St. Johns, Sir Allen Brodent ke, Sir James Smith, Sir Irby, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir

Robert Howard, Sir John Burnaby, Sir Lowther, Mr. Crooke, Six Rich. P(ru le, Coiouel Progers, Mr. Chet-xvyn, Mr. Russell, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Lord

Castki.cn, Sir John Holland, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir John Duncomb, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Haniell, Mr. Attorney General, Col. Gray, Mr.

Grenvile, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir John Moreton, Sir Philip Wancick, Sir Robert S ir John. Pelham,

Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Them. Chichley, Mr.

Lead lilzharding, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Baker, Mr.

J karris, Sir John Hunmer, Sir Coppleslon Bam fold, Mr.

Roberts, Sir Edw. HearinSir Fran Laxvley, Sir John Hot ham, Sir Gilbert Gerrard,‘Sir Wm. Poriman, Sir Will.

Juiligrew, Mr. Cornwallis^ Sir «/?//>< liab'msem, Mr. Flak-

*7

lipps, Sir Jemath. Trelawny, Sir Edm. Hungerford, Sir

John Pettits, Sir John Heath, Sir Sir

Courthope, Sir Edm. Bvwyer, Lord Fans haw, l)r. Arris, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Neale, Mr. Mo:-rice, Sir John

J laltett, Mr . Winne, Sir Joseph MaAir. Huns I or,

Mr. Attorney Mountague, Mr. Weld, Lord Gorges, Sir Thom. Proby, Si i-JoiinHayward, Sir Robert Wers/ey, Mr.

Lee, Sir / ere lane. Sir Eduard Hales, Serjeant Hat-dress

Mr. 7 ujtcn, Mr. Geo. Johnson, Mr. Dennis: And that all

that come shall have Voices: And that this Committee do meet every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, in the Exchequer Chamber, at Two of the Clock; and do take into Consideration all such Matters as strati or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in die first place; and report their Proceedings to the House: And all Persons that will question Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so in Fourteen" Da vs after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions; and to send for Witnesses, Papers, and Records, lor their Information; and to make Report of any Matter which may concern Breach of Privilege: And all Members that are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three M eeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return or A latter of Privilege of any Member of this Committee; such Member is to withdraw from the Committee, during the Time the Matter w such concerns himsell is in Debate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 31° die Octobris, 1673. Prayers.

INFORMATION being given of a Breach of Privilege, Privilege, committed against Col. Rirldy a A,ember of this House, by one John JIaskck, in arresting and detaining in Prison Joseph Jephcrsanhis menial Servant.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant for Discharge of the said Joseph

A Petition of Sir Linnell Talmach Baronet, was read, Suffolk*

complaining of a Double Return made for the County Elcca.11, of Stiff Me, in Prejudice of the Petitioner’s Right, who was duly chosen and returned to serve as Ivnight of the Shire for that County.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Motion being made for a Petition to be presented Petition for to his Majesty, to appoint a General Day of Fasting and a 1 Humiliation throughout the Nation;

And the Form of a Petition to that Purpose being tendered, and read; and the Matter debated;

Resolved, kc. That this House do address to his Majesty for a Fast to be observed.

Resolved, kc. That a Committee be appointed to consider the Matter of the Petition; and to prepare and bring in a Petition to be presented to his Majesty for a Fast to be observed throughout the Nation; Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Charles Herbord, Sir Thom. Mures,

Lord Cornbury, Sir John Mallett, Sir Charles Air. Hugh Buscoxcen, Mr. Cheney, Sir Anih. Irby, Sir Eelxc. Hecring, Sir EliahHarvey, Sir John Pettus, Mr.

Mil-ward, Mr. Garraxcay, Mr. Poxcle, Mr. Sacheverell,

Sir Philip Warxcick, 'Six Thomas Lee, Sir John Sir

Francis Drake, Sir John Hot ham, Sir Mr Rigby, Sir John Birkenhead.or any Five, them: And

they are to meet at in the Speaker's Chamber.

The

25 Car. II. 310 Octobris. — i° — -301 285

The King’* The House then, according to former Order, proceeded discouraged by Your Majesty’s gracious Concessions in Speech upon the Debate of his Majesty’s Speech: Which being the last Meeting of this Parliament.

®0Mulered' again read, That Part of it relating to Matter of Supply; Tlrnt we greatly fear this may be an Occasion to lessen Resolved, &c. That this House do resolve into a Com- the Affections of the People to his Royal Highness, who mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Matter of is so nearly related to the Crown; and whose Honour his Majesty’s Speech. and Esteem we desire may be always ihtirely preserved.

The House then accordingly resolved into a Committee That, for another Age, at least, this Kingdom will be

of the whole House, to consider of the Matter of his under continual Apprehensions of the Growth of Popery, Majesty’s Speech. and the Danger of the Protestant Religion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Lastly, we consider, That this Princess, having so

Sir Charles Harbord took the Chair of the Committee; near a Relation and Kindred to many eminent Persons Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. of the Court of Rome) may give them great Opportuni-

sm Charles Harbord reports from the Committee of ties to promote their Designs, and carry on their Prac-the whole House, a Vote and Resolve of the Committee tices amongst us; and by the same Means penetrate into to be presented to the House: Which was delivered in Your Majesty’s most secret Councils, and more easily at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being twice read; discover the State of the whole Kingdom.

The Question beingput, To agree with the Committee; And, finding, that by the Opinions of very many learn-It was resolved in the Affirmative. ed Men it is generally admitted. That such Treaties and

A Supply Resolved, That this House, considering the present Contracts by Proxy are dissolvable; of which there are refused. Condition of the Nation, will not take into any further several Instances to be produced; we do in all Humble- Debate or Consideration, any Aid, or Supply, or ness, beseech Your Majesty to put a Stop to the Consurn-Charge upon the Subject, before the Times of Payment mation of this intended Marriage: And this we do the of the Eighteen Months Assessment granted by a late more importunately de sire, because we have not, as yet, Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum the Happiness to see any Issue of Your Majesty's, that of Twelve hundred Thirty-eight thousand Seven hundred may succeed in the Government of these Kingdoms: and Fifty Pounds, for Supply of his Majesty’s extraordi- Which Blessing we most heartily pray Almighty God in naiy Occasions, be expired; unless it shall appear, that his due Time to bestow upon Your Majesty and these the Obstinacy of the Dutch shall render it necessary; Kingdoms, to the unspeakable Joy and Comfort of all nor before this Kingdom be effectually secured from the Your loyal Subjects; who desire nothing more than to Dangers of Popery and Popish Councils and Counsellors; continue under the Reigns of Your Majesty, and Your and the other present Grievances be redressed. Royal Posterity for ever.

Address Mr. Patvlereports from the Committee, appointed to

*gainst the draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, con-'UarriLe. cefning the Match between his Royal Highness and the Princess of Modena, an Address agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards deli-. vered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which being

twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to, is as folloVeth; viz.

WE Your Majesty’s most humble and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, being full of an Assurance of Your Majesty’s gracious Intentions, to provide for the Establishment of Religion, and the Preservation of Your People in Peace and Security; and foreseeing the dangerous Consequences, which may follow the Marriage of his Royal Highness the Duke of Yorke with the Princess of Mor any other Person

of the Popish Religion; do hold ourselves bound in Conscience and Duty to represent the same to Your Sacred Majesty; (not doubting but those constant Testimonies, that we have given Your Majesty of our true and loyal Affections to Your Sacred Person, will easily gain a Belief, that these our bumble Desires proceed from Hearts still full of the same Affections towards Your Sacred Majesty, and with Intentions to establish Your Royal Government upon those true Supports of the Protestant Religion, and the Hearts of Your People;) with all Humility, desiring Your Majesty to take the same into Your Princely Consideration; and to relieve Your Subjects from those Fears and Apprehensions w'hich at present they lie under, from the Progress has been made in that Treaty.

We do therefore numbly beseech Your Majesty to consider, That if this Marriage do proceed, it will be a Means to disquiet the Minds of Your Protestant Subjects at home, and to fill them with endless Jealousies and Discontents; and will bring Your Majesty into such Alliances abroad, as may prove highly prejudicial, if not destructive, to the Interest of the very Protestant Religion itself.

That we find, by sad Experience, that such Marriages have increased and encouraged Popery in this Kingdom;

£nd given Opportunity to Priests and Jesuits to propagate their Opinions; and seduced great Numbers of Your Protestant Subjects.

And we do already observe, how much that Party are animated with the Hopes of this Match, which were lately Vpu IX.

Resolved, See. That the Address of this House, concerning the Match between his Royal Highness and the Princess of Modena, be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, &c. That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to attend his Majesty, to know his Pleasure when he will be attended therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow in the Afternoon, Two of the Clock.

Sabbati, 1" Novembris, 1673.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Covenhy reports, That his Majesty King ap-had been attended, to know his Pleasure when the points to be House Should present the Address to his Majesty, con- attewleJ* ceming the Match between his Royal Highness and the Princess of Modena;And that his Majesty had appointed

the House to attend him in the Banqueting House at Whitehall, on Monday, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was re- Test against ferred to bring in a Bill for a Test to distinguish between Papist*. Protestants and Papists, be revived; and do sit on Monday Morning, Seven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 3° die Novembris, 1673;

Prayers.

SI R Thomas Clcrgis reports from the Committee to petition for a which it was referred to prepare and bring in a Pe- Fast, tition to be presented to his Majesty, to appoint a General Fast to be observed throughout the Nation, a Petition agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

Which being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed, i§ as followeth; viz.

4 C Most

Concurrence of Lords desired.

Recovery of Tythesw

Child-

stealing,

Message to attend the King.

286 30 — 4" Novembris. — f A. 1673.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most loyal and obedient Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, being passionately sensible of the calamitous Condition of this Kingdom, not only by reason of the War, wherein it is at present involved, but many other intestine Differences and Divisions amongst us, which are chiefly occasioned by the undermining Contrivances of Popish Recusants, whose Numbers and Insolencies are greatly of late increased, and whose restless Practices threaten a Subversion both of Church and State, all which our Sins have justly deserved; and, being now assembled in Parliament, as the great Council of this Your Kingdom, to consult on such Means as we shall think fittest to redress the present Evils wherewith we are surrounded; we do, in the first Place, humbly beseech Your Majesty, that, by Your especial Command, one or more Days may be forthwith solemnly set apart, wherein both Ourselves, and this Your Kingdom, may, by Fasting and Prayer, seek a Reconciliation at the Hands of Almighty God; and, with humble and penitent Hearts, beseech Him to heal our Breaches, to remove the Evils we lie under, and to avert those Miseries wherewith we are threatened, and continue the Mercies we yet enjoy; and that He will be graciously pleased to bestow his abundant Blessing upon Your Majesty, and this present Parliament, that all our Counsels and Consultations may tend to his Glory, and the Honour, Safety, and Prosperity, of Your Majesty, and all Your People.

Resolved, &c. That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the Petition, to be presented to his Majesty, for appointing a general Fast: And that Sir Thomas Clergis do go up to the Lords, to desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing of Churches, and for the better Recovery of small Tythes, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Deering, Sir John Shaw, Sir Wheeler,

Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Newport, Mr. Maynard, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir John Cotton, Sir John Moun-

son, Mr. Ban. Maynard, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Morrice, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Talbot, Sir Dil/ington, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Heath, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Henley, Mr. Bo Mr. Morrice, Lord Scudamore, Sir Edward Masters, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Edward Masters, Mr. Crouch, Sir Philip Warwick, Sir John Robinson, Sir Knight, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Colonel Birch, Sir John

Frederick, Sir William Doyley, Sir John Sir

John Gilby, Sir John Holland, Colonel Strangwaics, Sir

Thom. Lee, Sir Lionell Walden, Sir Nich. Slaning, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Edw. Hales, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir Jos. Tredinham, Sir John Shaw, Sir Nich. Carew, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Metcalfe Robinson, Mr.: And all

that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill being tendered, and read, to prevent stealing and transporting Children, and other Persons; but the Manner of it being disliked, the Bill was withdrawn, upon the Question.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir John Knight, Mr. Boscowen, Colonel Birch, Sir Thom. Meeres, Mr. Powle,

Mr. Maynard', Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir

Thom. Lee, Sir John Shaw, Sir John Birkenhead, or any Three of them, to bring in a Bill to prevent the stealing and transporting Children, and other Persons: And they are to meet on Thursday, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the Address Grievance of the Nation, by the Standing Army nowon "8""* Foot: And the Matter being debated; Army.

Resolved, Sec. That the Standing Army is a Grievance.

Resolved, 8cc.That a Committee be appointed to pre-

pare an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, to shew how this Standing Army is a Grievance.

And it is referred to Mr. Powle, Sir Thom.

Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Nich. Carew, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr. Whortcood, Sir Coventry, Sir John Shaw, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Thom. Clergis, Lord St. John, Colonel Birch, Sir John Colonel

StrangU'ayes, Sir Charles Wheeler, or any Three of them:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

A PETITION being tendered on the Behalf of Gow«’»

Will. Levisonalias Gcrwer Esquire; Petition.

Ordered, That this Petition be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do read, and present to Address his Majesty, the Address of this House, concerning the the Match of his Royal Highness with the Princess of Modena. £ukes And then Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to printed. Whitehall, to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, returning;

Mr. Speaker reports to the House, That, in pursuance of their Commands, he had read, and presented to his Majesty, the Address of the House: And that his Majesty was pleased to declare, That it was a Matter that he would take into his present Consideration, and return a speedy Answer.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 4* Novembris, 1673.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Sir Edward Parliament Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod; prorogued.

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty commands this honourable House to attend him forthwith in His House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the Lords to attend his Majesty; who was pleased to prorogue the Parliament until the Seventh Day of January next ensuing.

Mercurii, 7° die , 1673.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from his Majesty, by Sir Edward Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker, and the House, being returned.

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended the King The King’* in the House of Lords; and that his Majesty had been Speech pleased to let him have a Copy of his Speech: Which rtporte<1' Mr. Speaker read to the House: And the Speech of the Lord Keeper being also delivered in Writing, was read by the Clerk; and are as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

WHEN I parted with you last, it was but for a little Time, and with a Resolution of meeting suddenly again; That alone was enough to satisfy My Friends, they

need

25 Car. II. f Jamani287

need not fear, and My Enemies, that they could not hope for, a Breach between us: I then told you that the Time of this Short Recess Should be employed in doing such Things as might add to your Satisfaction. I hope I have done my Part towards it; and if there be anything else, which you think wanting to secure Religion or Property, there is nothing which you shall reasonably propose, but I shall be ready to receive it. 1 do now expect you shall do your Parts too; for our Enemies make vigorous Preparations for War; and yet their chief Hopes are to disunite us at Home: It is their common Discourse, and they reckon upon it as their best Relief.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is not possible for Me to doubt your Affections at any time, much less at such a time as this, when the Evidences of your Affections are become so necessary to us all. I desire you to consider, that, as the W ar cannot be well made without a Supply, so neither can a good Peace be had without being in a Posture of War. I am very far from being in Love with War for War’s sake; but if I saw any Likelihood of Peace, without Dishonour to Myself, and Damage to you, I would soon embrace it: But no Proposals of Peace have yet been offered, which can be imagined with Intent to conclude, but only to amuse. Therefore the Way to a good Peace is to set out a good Fleet, which we have Time enough to do very effectually, if the Supply be not delayed. If, alter this, a Peace Should follow', yet the Supply would be well given; for, whatever remains of it, I am willing Should be appropriated for building more Ships.

To conclude, a speedy, a proportionable, and, above all, a chearful Aid, is now more necessary than ever, and I rely upon you for it.

I lately put you in mind of my Debt to the Goldsmiths: I hope a fit Time will come to take That into Consideration.

I cannot conclude without shewing you the intire Confidence I have in you. I know you have heard much of My Alliance with France; and, I believe, it hath been veiy strangely misrepresented to you, as if there w ere certain secret Articles of dangerous Consequence; but I will make no Difficulty of letting the Treaties, and all the Articles of them, without any the lest Reserve, to be seen by a small Committee of both Houses, who may report to you the true Scope of them: And I assure you, there is no other Treaty with France, either before or since, not already printed, which w ill not be made knowm. And, having thus freely trusted you, I do not doubt, but you will have a Care of my Honour, and the Good of the Kingdom.

The rest I refer to My Lord Keeper.

My Lords, and You the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons.

LordKeeper’* THE King hath already, in part, told you what He Speech. hath done for you since the last Recess; what he is still ready to do; and what it is He doth now expect from you; and this in Terms so full, and so obliging, so generous, and so satisfactory, that he, whose Affections are not raised by that Discourse; he, who cannot acquiesce in the Fulness of this Assurance; he whose Heart is not established by it in such a Belief as may entirely dispose him to the Service of the Crown, will hardly be recovered to a better Disposition by any other Expedient.

For, indeed, what better Way can be found to undeceive those who have been abused ? The King refers you to the Time past, not to His Promises, but to His Performances; gives Men Leave to judge by u'hat they see, of what they hear; by what hath been done since the last Session, of what is offered you now'; and what is likely to be done for the Time to come.

And doth not every Man see, that the King hath given new Life and Motion to such Laws as were long dead, or fast asleep ? That He hath once more repaired the Hedge about our Vineyard, and made it a Fence indeed against all those who are Enemies to the Planting of it; who Voi, IX.

would be glad to see it trodden down, or rooted up, L°rdKeeper’s and study how to sap and undermine our very Founda- Speecil‘ turns.

Do you not see, that the King hath made it His Care, and His Business, to do all that is possible to preserve us in our Civil Rights too? rl hat He makes the Laws of His Kingdom the Measures, not only of His Power, but His Prudence? That he suffers no Man to be wiser than the Law; and He thinks He cannot judge of the Healths or Sickness Of His State, by any better Indication, than the Current of His Laws; and suffers nothing to remain, that may, in the least Measure, hinder Justice from flowing in its due and proper Channels?

A very few Instances, of many that that might be used; will serve to demonstrate it.

If the Conviction of all Recusants, and bringing them under the penal Laws, can suppress Popery;

If, without staying for the Forms of Law', in Points of Conviction, the present Forbidding of all Papists, or reputed Papists, to come to Court, and the Extending this Prohibition to his Royal Palace at St. James's, be enough to discountenance them;

If the not extending His Prerogative beyond its due Limits, can secure your Liberties;

If His Majesty’s lessening and reducing all his Land Forces, and maintaining so few extraordinary, that they will scarce be enough to help to man His Fleet this Summer, can extinguish the Fears of a Standing Army;

If a rigorous and severe Prosecution at Law', of all the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty’s ordinary Guards, when they misbehave themselves towards the meanest Subjects, can secure your Properties;

If the Abrogation of all the Privileges from Arrests, which were claimed by his Majesty’s Servants Extraordinary, who are very numerous, can prevent the Delays and Obstructions of Justice;

Then, surely, His Majesty has Reason to believe, that nothing is wanting, which can law fully be done, or modestly be wished, either for your Satisfaction, or your Security

These are not single and transient Acts, but such Acts as flow from Habits; these arc not Leaves and Blossoms, but true, solid, and lasting Fruits. Long, long, may that Royal Tree live and flourish, upon which these Fruits do grow!

And yet His Majesty’s Indulgence to you rests not here;

He gives you Leave to study and contrive your own Assurance; and, if you think you w ant any further Security, if any thing have escaped His Majesty’s Care, (who meditates nothing more than your Preservation) you sec you have free Leave to make any reasonable Proposition; and his gracious Promise, that He will receive it.

This is a Satisfaction equal to all your Wishes: Now, if ever, your Joys are full, there w ants no more to the Improvement of this Happiness, but the Wisdom of the Parliament, to use these Advantages with due Moderation.

If therefore, upon Inquiry, you shall think it needful to apply any other Remedies, it is extremely to be wished, that those Remedies may be few'; and withal, that they may be gentle and easy too.

For they that are sick, perish as often by too many Remedies, as by none at all; but none fall so fatally, and so finally, as they, who, being entered into some Degrees of Convalescence, resolve to recover in an Instant; and had rather make some great Effort, or try some bold Experiment upon themselves, than observe the Methods, or attend those gradual Progressions, which are necessary to perfect that Health, and coinpleat that Recovery.

I must not omit one Instance more of His Majesty's Care for you; and that it is the great Industry and Application of Mind, which His Majesty hath used all along, in hopes to obtain, by this time, (if it had been possible) an honourable and a just Peace.

A very few Words will serve to give you the whole Deduction of it, from the first Original to this present Moment.

Much

a88 7* Jamari 167$,

L6riK«per’i Much Time was spent in agreeing the Place of Treaty, sPetc*' wherein the Dutch were gratified in their Desires; and the City of Cologne is accepted for the Place.

When His Majesty’s Ambassadors arrived there, the very first Meeting with those from the States General made it evident, that their Plenipotentiaries came not with any Intention to enter upon a serious Treaty, but only to draw the Matter out in Length, until their Affairs might meet with a better and more pleasing Conjuncture.

For their very Credentials or Plenipotencies were so penned, that there were no less than Four gross Equivocations in the Body of them; which was so manifest, and without all Reply, that they were fain to send to their Masters at the Hague, to get them amended.

And that which gave greatest Offence of all, and was purposely done for that End, was the Preamble; wherein they take upon them to beg the Question, to desire the Justice of the Cause, and to affirm such Matters of Fact as they had Reason to believe would never be admitted.

No Arguments of our Ambassadors, no Instance of the Mediators, though never so importunate, could prevail then, or yet prevail, to have it altered.

The Treaty Should naturally have stopped here, but that His Majesty was resolved to give a Beginning to it; and, which was all that could be done, suffered His Ambassadors to enter upon it with a Protestation.

Our Demands are no sooner given in, but presently Two of the Dutch Ambassadors go away to the on Pretence to consult their Masters; where they staid a full Month without any kind of Answer given, or Exceptions taken, to his Majesty's Demands, or any the east Step made in this Negociation.

When they came back, their Answer wras a Remonstrance, rather than an Answer; and such a Remonstrance, as was fitter for a Rupture than a Treaty: There was scarce one Period in it, which did not rather give Occasion of new Offence, than any Satisfaction for what was passed.

Their very Conversation, from that Time forward, wanted much of its former Civility.

They waited for the Conclusion of a Treaty with Spain; wherein one Article wras, that, as soon as Spain had broke with France, they would presently break off their Treaty at Cologne.

And now this Article is in effect performed; for Two of their principal Ambassadors are actually gone away from Cologne, as they long threatened they would do, leaving only Two other for Form-sake; who, in all Probability, either must not, or will not, conclude without their Collegues.

His Majesty, notwithstanding, hath not suffered Himself to be diverted from using all the Ways and Means that were possible to facilitate a Peace: To this End, he directed his Ambassadors, firom time to time, to moderate their Demands in such Particulars as were capable of it; and wholly relaxes some Points which were of highest Importance to the Dutch to gain, and very considerable Abatements of His Majesty’s just Satisfaction.

A Condescension well received and esteemed by the Mediators, though it hath not yet found any suitable ' Reception firom the Dutch Ministers, as their superior Lords.

By this Time they began to hope, that the Subjects of England would grow weary of the War; and that they Should be able to profit themselves very much by our Impatience.

To increase this as much as wras possible, they prepare a Letter, which they send by a Trumpeter, sitting the Parliament, or very near it, and cause it to be given out, that nothing could be more desired than tiiey had offered.

His Majesty quickly made that Letter, and his Answer to it, publick; and, for that Time, defeated the Design of this Paper Stratagem.

The next Recourse was, to such Proposals as they could procure the Spanish Ambassadors to deliver on their Behalves.

Wherein, besides the demand of Restitution of Prizes, which was wholly impracticable, there was a total Omission of any Regulation of Trade in the Indies-, no Mention made of releasing His Majesty’s Subjects at Surinam, where they remain in a State of Bondage; no Recompence offered, nor so much as Leave asked, for the Liberty of Fishing upon our Coast-.

And yet the Right of our sole Fishing is so clear, that we find in our ancient Rolls of Parliament, in the Time of R. II. a Tax laid upon all Strangers who fish in our Seas; and this not by way of Custom, when they came into our Ports, but by way of Tribute, for Fishing in our Seas.

And this Evidence of His Majesty’s Dominion in the British Seas, hath been, in all Ages downw ard, preserved in some measure, until the Time of the late Usurper, who, for private Reasons, first abandoned it

As for that Satisfaction, in the Matter of the Flag, which the Proposals mention, it is but reasonable to understand it in that Sense, wherein they sometimes used to express themselves at Cologne:

That is, the Thing shall be done: Whole Fleets shall strike their Sails to single Ships; and they shall do it out of the British Seas too: But that, of Right, they ought to do it within the British Seas, will never be acknowledged.

So they desire to change the ancient Inheritance of the Crown into a new Purchase, and to turn that Purchase into a Matter of Civility; which they may equally pay to all Crowned Heads, and equally resume, according to their good Pleasure and Occasions.

Now, though these Proposals have been backed with some kind of Intimation of a War with Spain, in case of Refusal, yet His Majesty, who knows the Articles of Peace between Himself and that King, and llis own Care to preserve them; who knows the Usefulness of His Alliance to that King, and the many good Offices He hath always been ready to do for him; and, withal, considers the great Wisdom and Prudence of that Council, and how carefully they use to deliberate, before they come to great and important Resolutions; will not easily believe it possible for that King to proceed to such Extremities:

The rather, because the Dutch themselves have, since, departed from those very Proposals, which they procured the Spanish Ambassador so earnestly to recommend: For they afterwards sent the Ambassador a Reply to his Majesty's Answer to their Letter; wherein they abate much of what the Ambassadors had offered, and seek to reduce Things to the State they were in at Breda. 1

So that it is hard to know, by what kind of Proposals 1

they intend to be bound; but it is most reasonable to

believe, they intend those made by themselves, rather than those made for them: And yet this Reply, besides the Disrespect it carried to Spain, whose Proposals it shrunk from, was so offensive to his Majesty, that the Ambassador, like a wise and great Minister, that is, like 1

himself, thought it became him to send Itftfack again, 1

without offering to present it.

Nevertheless, this Paper hath since stolen into the Press, and is printed at the Hague, as a Letter delivered; f

and hath been sent hither, under Covers, to several Mem-

bers of the House of Commons, whom they libelled in the former War for their Zeal, and now pretend to reverence for their Deliberation.

And all this, in hopes you will not think them obstinate, who refuse to treat at the Place of their own Ap- lJ

pointment, or, to be well understood, any where else:

How is it possible to understand these Proceedings to be real, and with a true Desire of Peace; and if they Should:

yet send, during tills Session, any new Proposal; (for who t

knows the Design of an Enemy); what Forms soever those

Overtures may be dressed in, we may justly suspect, that. t

their End is, if they cannot divide us, at least amuse us, and lessen our Care in providing for the War. I

Perhaps it is more than an honourable War doth allow,

to go about to raise Sedition, though in the Country of an I

Enemy: But surely the Artifice of appealing in a man-

15 ner

25 Car* II.

7° Januarii.

Sp

ner to the People, and making them the Judges of Peace and War, is a little too plain and open to take any Effect here.

I have done with these few Instances of His Majesty's Care; those of his Kindness are infinite: That which you have heard this Morning, is of a transcendant, and, indeed, a very surprising Nature; it is an Act of so intire a Confidence on his Majesty’s Part, that can never he repaid by any other Tribute on your Part, but that of a true and humble Affiance in Him.

I must now proceed to put you in mind, that there are some other Tilings, which His Majesty, with great

Among the many venomous Insinuations, which have be made use of by # Fears and Jealousies of Religion and Liberty are of the worst Sort, and the most dangerous Impressions.

Certainly Malice was never more busy than it hath been in these Reports; and it hath been assisted by a great deal of Invention.

But, it is to be hoped, that no Man's Judgment, or* Affections, will be either misled or disturbed by such Reports.

For Calumnies and Slanders of this Nature are like Comets in the Air; they may seem, perhaps, especially Justice, and great Assurance, doth expect from you to the Fearful, to be ill Prognosticks, and the direct

Forerunners of Mischief; but, in themselves, they aro The first is, His speedy, and a proportionable Sup- vain Apparitions; and have no kind of Solidity, no Per-'

and this is of absolute Necessity, both for W ar and manence, or Duration, at all; for, after a little time, the

Vapourspends itself, and then the base Exhalation quickly back attain into that Earth from whence it came.

again.

Pty

Pes

eace.

His Majesty is well assured His Fleet is in such a Forwardness, that, if the Supply come in any reasonable Time, you will find no Time hath been lost in Preparation; and it was no small Matter to bring it to that Pass, that we may be as forward as our Enemies, if we please, or very near it.

If the Supply be at all delayed, it will have as ill Effect almost, as if it were denied; for we may chance to be found like Archimedes, drawing Lines in the Dust, while the Enemy is entering into our Ports; and if the further Progress of tin’s Fleet be stopt for want of your Concurrence ;... make account all Hopes of Peace are stopped. too: For though the Fruit of the War be Peace, yet it is such a Fruit as we must not hope to gather without our Arms in our Hands.

falls

Religion and Liberty stands secured by the most sacred Ties that are; nay, the King hath a greater Interest in the Preservation of both than yourselves; for as Religion, the Protestant Religion, commands your indispensable Obedience, so it is a just and lawful Liberty which sweetens that Command, and endears it to you.

Let other Princes therefore glory in the most resigned Obedience to their Vassals: His Majesty values himself upon the Hearts and Affections of His People; and thinks His Throne, when seated there, better established than' the most exalted Sovereignty of those who tread upon the Necks of them that rise up against them.

Since the World stood, never any King had so great a Cause to rest upon this Security; they were your Hearts that mourned in secret for the Absence of the King; they

It is not the Way to a brave Peace, to shew ourselves weary of the War: Who ever trusted to the Good-nature were your Hearts and Affections to the King, which tired of their Enemies ? out all the late Usurpations, by your invincible Patience

and Fortitude: It was you that taught our English World to sec and know, that no Government could be settled here, but upon the true Foundations of Honour and Allegiance.

This, This alone, made way for all the happy Changes which have followed.

It is a vigorous Assistance of the Crown, that, must not only make your Arms considerable, but your Treaties too.

On the other Side, if the Putting of yourselves into a good Posture of War, Should produce a Peace, as possibly it may do, yet you will have the best Account of your Supply your Hearts can wish; for his Majesty is content it be appropriated to the Building of more Ships.

Therefore, if the Discourse upon tins Subject be a little more pressing than ordinary, you may be sure the Occasion is so too.

There cannot be a higher Gratification of your Enemies, than to be backward in this Point; the very Opinion they have that you would be so, hath already done us so much Harm, that, perhaps, it is one great Cause of the Continuance of the War.

And yet Posterity will have Cause to doubt, which was the greater Felicity of the Two; That Providence hich restored the Crown, or That which sent us such a Parliament to preserve it when it was restored. What may not the King now hope from you ? What may not you assure yourselves from Him: Can any thing be difficult to Hearts so united, to Interest so twisted and interwoven together, as the King’s and Yours are

Doubtless the King will surpass himself at this Time, in endeavouring to procure the Good of the Kingdom: Do

Had the Enemy despaired of any Division here, it is but you excell yourselves too, in the continued Evidences

likely his Proceedings had been more sincere, and our Peace had not been so far off, as now it seems to be.

There is one Thing more the King hath mentioned, and only mentioned to you; that is, the Consideration of the Goldsmiths; which involves so many Persons and Fami-. lies, that the Concern is little less than National: It is an Affair the King lays very much to Heart, and hopes a proper Time will come, when a favourable Regard may be had of it.

of your Affections; and then the Glory of reviving this State will be intirely due to this Session.

Then they, who wait for the Languishing and the Declination of the present Government, will be amazed to see so happy a Crisis, so blessed a Resolution:

And Ages to come will find Cause to celebrate your Memories, as the truest Physicians, the wisest Counsellors, the noblest Patriots, and the best Session of the best Parliament, that ever King or Kingdom met with.

I.or.l

Keeper’s

Speticlij

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The King doth not only assure himself of Your Affections to Him at this Time; but, from such Affections, so known, and so tided, as yours, he doth yet expect far greater Things than these.

He doth expect, that you Should do your Endeavours to restore and improve the mutual Confidence between Him and Ill’s People; and that you Should do it to such a Degree, that it may recover its full Strength, and quite extinguish all their Fears and Jealousies.

For the King takes notice, that the Malice of Hia Enemies hath been very active in sowing so many Tares as are almost enough to spoil that Harvest of Love and Duty, which his Majesty may justly expect to reap from the good Seed which he Himself had sown.

Vo i. IX.

A Bill to prevent Vexations by Suits at Law, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Vexatioui

Suits*

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand sit every Monday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, Committees;

in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Wednesday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

4 D,

290

7° Januarii. A. 1673.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday, at Two of the Clock in the

Afternoon, in the House.

ofPrtvil^es Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privi-ege.. je^es e app0inted of these Members following; viz. Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. MSir John Mr.

Jfvunlague, Mr. Garraxvay, Sir Thomas Clergis, Mr. Cheney, Sir Allen Apseley, Sir Hmv, Sir Alien

Brodericke, Mr. Robert Sir John Stroode, Mr.

Churchill, Lord Arris, Sir Irby, Sir John,

Colonel Strangxcais, Mr. Morgan, Sir Charles,

Mr. Hide, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Sir John

Werden, Mr. Seymour, Sir Trevor Mr. cere//, Colonel Birch, Sir Lucy, Sir Robert,

Sir Ralph Bankes, Mr. P, Mr. Russell, Sir Churchill, Sir Thorn. Holman, Mr. Hobby, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Robert Howard, Sir . Lee, Mr. Thom.

Strangzcaics, Sir John Trevor, Sir Chari. Harbord, Mr. John Strangzvaies, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Mr.

Sir James Smith, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Newport, Sir John Duncomb, Mr. Chetxcin, Mr. Cormoallis, Mr. Progers, Sir Rich. Ford, Colonel Titus, Sir Bassett, Sir Copleston Bampfield, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Hall, Lord St. Johns, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Robert Dillington, Sir Edm. Jenings, Mr. Gray, Lord Cavendish, Colonel Sands, Colonel Kirby, Sir Thom. Mompesson, Sir Deering, Sir

Thom. Allen, Sir Thom. Jones, Sir Everard, Sir

Joseph Tredinham Sir Bainham Throgmorton, Sir Phil.

Warwick, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Estcourt, Mr.

Air. Oakeley, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Plcydall, Sir John Bamaby, Lord Castleton, Mr. Austin, Sir Fran.Drake, Sir , Sir TrelawneyXpdx. Wtright, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Walter St. John, Mr. Price, Mr. Palmes, Sir Heath, Sir Poole, Lord Hawley, Lord Sir George Sandys,

Mr. Grenvile, Mr. Prxd Sir Nich. Pedley, Sir Vere Fane, Mr. Waller, Mr. Man, Lord Ancram, Captain Dyott, Sir Edw. Massey, Mr. Warding, Mr. King, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Attorney General, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Finch, Sir Air. Hamden, Mr. Knowles, Mr. C Air. Fount, Mr. Sey-

mour, Col. Gilby, Mr. W, Air Sir Edxc. Mansell, Mr. Gwinne, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Noseworthy, Sir Geo. Probert, Sir William Lawther, Sir Mr. Mallet, Sir Thom. Hanmer,' Sir John Bramston, Sir Will.Terringham, Sir William Wiseman, Lord Ashley, Sir Fran.Clarke, Colonel Whitley, Major Broxholme,

Mr. Bennet, Mr. Bishop, Sir Robert Thomas, Sir Fran. Popham: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, at Two of the Clock, in the Place before-mentioned; and take into Consideration all such Matters as shall come into Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first Place, and to report their Proceedings to the House: And all Persons that will question any Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so in Fourteen Days after any new Returns shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions; and to send for; Persons, Papers, and Records, -for their Information;

and to make Report of any Matter, which may concern Breach of Privilege: And all Members that are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will afirve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place. And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, such Alemberisto w ithdraw from the Committee during the Time the Alatter which concerns himself is in Debate.

New Writ*10 Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Warrants to the be issued. Clerk of the Crown, to make out Writs for Election of Members in all vacant Places, by Death or- Removal, where there was no Claim depending.

Q1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant to tire Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Electing of a Member to serve for the Borough in the County of Suffolke, in the room of Mr. Blaise, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Electing of a Member to serve for the University of Oxford, in the room of Sir Heneage Finch.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Electing a Member to serve for the County of Cambridge, in the room of Sir Thomas Wendy, lately deceased.

A Petition of Sir John Bernard being read; complain- Huntington ing of an undue’Return, made by the High Sheriff of the Election. County of Huntington, of Robert Apprceze Esquire, to serve for that County; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected to serve for that County;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to report the State of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House; and to appoint a Short Day for Hearing; and speed their Report as soon as they can.

A Petition of Thomas Garaway Gentleman being read; cwci,e«ttr complaining of an undue Return, made by Air. Baker, r, Wtm Mayor of the City of Chichester, of Air. May, the Recorder of that City, to serve in the room of Sir Henry Peckham Knight, deceased; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected to serve for the said City;

Ordered, That it be referred to the C< imnittee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the State of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of James Long Esquire being read; com- AldboroogV plaining of the Practice and undue Carriage of John "tct‘on* Ramsden Esquire, late High Sheriff of the County of Yorke, in making a double Return for the Borough of A Id borough in the said County, of Sir Raisby Knight,

and Robert Benson Esquire, who are neither of them duly elected; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected Burgess for that Borough, by the Majority of such Persons as have the Right of Election, and his Indenture by them signed and sealed, and delivered in to the said High Sheriff; who did promise, and ought to have returned the same;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the State of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Howard Esquire being read; Malmslury

complaining of an undue Return, made by Edward f lection. Browne, Alderman and Chief Officer of the Town of Malmsimry in the County of Wil, of Thomas Estcourt Esquire, to serve Burgess for that Town, in the room of Sir Edward Poole, deceased; in Wrong of the Petitioner;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the State of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Burgesses and Borough-men of the Borough Borough of Borough Briggs in the County of Yorke, being presented to the House, and delivered in at the Clerk’s iJection* Table; complaining of the undue.Return of Sir Hen. Goodrich, to serve for the said Borough; in Prejudice of the Burgesses and Borough-men, who have Right of Election;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections, to examine the Alatter of the Petition; and to report the State of the Case, With their Opinions therein, to the House. '

A Petition

by

Burough

llrigg

Election.

Chipping

Wkombe

Election.

Torkt

Ejection.

Bjreth

Ewtion.

Cutlcriseing

Ejection.

Thirske

Election.

Sofiolke

Election*

25 Car. II- Jamarii. 291'

A Petition of Sir James Long Baronet, being pro- Table; complaining of a Double Return made by the sented to the House, and delivered in at the Clerk’s Sheriff of Suffolke; in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was Table; complaining of an undue Return, made of Sir duly elected to serve in Parliament, as Knjght of the Henry Goodrick Baronet, to serve for Burough Brigg Shire for that County, and ought to have been singly in the County of Yorke; in Injury to the Right of the returned.

Petitioner, who waS- duly elected for that Borough, and Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of ought to have been returned; Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of "id Petition; and to report the State of the Case, with Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the their Opinions therein, to the House* said Petition; and to report the State of the Case, with

their Opinions therein, to the House. A Petition of Thomas being presented to the Dover

House, and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table 5 complain- Election*

A Petition of John Shirley, John Chalfort, Edward ing of an undue Return made of Sir Edw. Spragg Winch, and John Juson, in the Name of themselves and Knight, deceased, to serve as a Baron for the Port of others the Burghers, Freemen, and Inhabitants of the Dower, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected Borough of Chipping Wicombe, in the County of Bucks, a Baron for that Port, and ought to have been returned; being presented to the House, and delivered in at the Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Clerk’s Table; complaining of the undue Return of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the Robert Sawyer Esquire, to serve for the said Borough; said Petition; and report the State of the Case, with their contrary to the Right and Custom, and Infringement of Opinion therein, to the House, the Liberties of the said Borough}

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, Privilege. Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the committed against Colonel Edward Gray, a Member of said Petition j and to report the State of the Case, with this House, in arresting Patrick Grace his menial Servant; their Opinions therein, to the House. Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of

Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the A Petition of Sir John Hewley Knight, being presented "id Breach of Privilege; and to report the State of the > to the House; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House, complaining of an undue Return made of Sir Henry

Thompson Knight, to serve for the City of Yorlce; in Pre- A Motion being made, in regard his Majesty’s Adjourn, judice of the Right of the Petitioner, who was duly Speech and the Speech of the Lord Keeper, do contain menu elected for that City and ought to have been returned; Matter of great Consequence, That the House might Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of adjourn for a few Days, to take the same into Con-Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the sideration;

said Petition; and report the State of the Case, with Ordered, That the House be adjourned till Monday their Opinions therein, to the House. Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of Edward Hales Esquire being presented And then the House adjourned till Monday

to the House, and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Morning, Ten of the Clock,

complaining of several undue Practices of Robinson

Blanelace Mayor of the Port of Hyeth in the County — ~ — ..... *--- — r

of Kent, in excluding several Freemen of the said Port,

who had declared for the Petitioner, from giving any Luna, 12* die Junuarii, 1673.

Voices at the Election, and in returning Sir Leoline Jenkins, to serve as a Baron for the said Port; in Wrong of PttA Yers.

the Petitioner, who was duly elected for that Port, and A MOTION being made, and a Petition read, to Petition for ought to have been returned; il be presented to his Majesty, for a General Fasting

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Day of Humiliation, to be observed throughout the Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the Nation;

said Petition; and to report the State of the Case, with Resolved, fee. That the Petition be agreed to; and their Opinions therein, to the House. that the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the Peti-

tien: And Sir Thomas Clerges is to go up to the Lords A Petition of Robert Offley Esquire being presented to desire their Concurrence; Which Petition is as fol-to the House, and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; loweth; r. complaining of an undue Return made of Samuell Pepis

Esquire, for the Borough and Town of Castleriseing in WE Your Majesty’s most loyal and obedient Subjects,

the County of Norfolke; in Prejudice of the Petitioner, the Commons in Parliament assembled, being who was duly elected for that Borough, and ought to passionately sensible of the calamitous Condition of this have been returned; Kingdom, not only by reason of the War, wherein it is

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of at present involved; but many other intestine Differencea Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Petition;. and Divisions amongst us, which are chiefly occasioned and to report the State of the Case, with their Opinion by the undermining Contrivances of Popish Recusants? therein, to the House. whose Numbers and Insolencies are greatly of late in-

' creased; and whose restless Practices threaten a Subver-

A Petition of Robert Wharton Esquire being presented sion both of Church and State; all which our Sins have to the House, and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; justly deserved; and being now assembled in Parliament^ complaining of an undue Return made of Sir Wm. Went- as the Great Council of this Your Kingdom, to consult worth Knight, to serve for the Borough of Thirske in on such Means as we shall think Attest to redress the pre-the County of Yorke, by one Roger Meynell, Bailiff of sent Evils, wherewith we are surrounded; We do, in the the said Borough; in Injury of the Petitioner, who was first place, humbly beseech Your Majesty, that, by Your duly elected, and ought to have been returned; special Command, One or more Days may be solemnly

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of set apart, wherein both Ourselves and this Your Kingdom Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the may, by Fasting and Prayer, seek a Reconciliation at the' said Petition; and to report the State of the Case, with Hands of Almighty Goa; and with humble and peni-their Opinions therein, to the House. tent Hearts beseech Him to heal our Breaches; to remove

the Evils we lie under; and to avert those Miseries where-A Petition of Sir Samuell Bamardiston Baronet being with we are threatened; and continue the Mercies we yeti presented to the House, and delivered in at the Clerk’s enjoy; and that He will be graciously pleased to bestow Vou IX. Hi*

Lords concur in Petition for a Past.

Resolution for redressing Grievances.

Thanks for the King’s Speech,

Address on Dangers from Papists.

King appoints to he attended.

Privilege.

292

130 Janua.

A. 1673.

His? abundant Blessings upon Your Majesty and this present Parliament, that all our Councils and Consultations may tend to His Glory, and the Honour, Safety, and Prosperity of Your Majesty, and all Your People.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin and Sir Will. Beversham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint you, That they da concur in the Petition to be presented to his Majesty, for a General Fasting Day of Humiliation; and will send to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended therewith.

The House then proceeded to the Debate of the Matter of his Majesty’s Speech;

Resolved, 8cc. That this House will, in the first place, -proceed to have their Grievances effectually redressed; the Protestant Religion, our Liberties and Properties, effectually secured; and to suppress Popery, and remove afi Persons and Counsellors Popishly affected, or otherwise obnoxious or dangerous to the Government.

The Question being propounded, That the Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Speech;

Tiie Question being, put, That the House do now proceed in the Debate oil’ that Question;

The House divided....

The'N oes go out.

Tellers,. Mr. Arundell, Mr. Newport, Lord St. John, Lord Cavendish,

1

For the Yeas, 191. For the Noes, 139.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the humble and hearty Th&nks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for those Acts which he has.done since the last Prorogation, towards the Suppressing and Discountenancing of Popery; and for his gracious Promises and Assurances in his last Speech.

Resolved, 8cc. That the House will go in a Body, to return their Thanks to his Majesty: And such Members of this House that are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, are desired to know his Pleasure, when he will be attended therewith.

Information being given to the House, of the present Danger the Kingdom is in from Papists, and other disaffected Persons;

Resolved, &c. That an Address be made to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty to give Order for the Militia of London, Westminster, and Middlesex, to be ready at an Hour’s Warning; and the other Militia of the Kingdom at a Day’s Warning; for the Suppressing any tumultuous Meeting of Papists, or other malecontent Persons whatsoever: And that the House will present this Address, together with the former, to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 13° die Januarii, 1673.

Pr

AYERS.

MR. Secretary Coventry reports, That his Majesty had appointed the House to attend him at Three of the Clock this Afternoon,. in the Banqueting-house, at Whitehall, with their Addresses.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege committed against Mr.. Mallet,a Member of this House,

by John Bidtonand James Clarke, Bailiffs, for distrain-

ing the Horse of Win. Castle his Tenant.

Ordered, That the Matter be referred to the Committee Of Privileges, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privi-18 ....

lege; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House:

Ordered, That a Committee he appointed to inspect Committee and peruse the Journals of this House, to see if they be for Journals, mistaken, and wherein, and to rectify the same; and report the Matter to the House, as they shall see Cause And it is referred to Mr. Saeherccrcll, Sir Thom. Sir Win. Lowther, Mr. Scraper, Mr. Sir John

Coventry, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Edward Sir Harbord, Sir John Birkenhead, Lord Mr.

Garaxvay, or any Three of them: And they are to meet' every Saturday in the Afternoon, and to make Report on Monday following, as they shall see Cause.

A Debate arising in the House, touching the Duke of Address Lauderdale; aind certain Matters being averred against against tU him, of endeavouring to infringe the Laws of the Lfeiid, LauderLl* and introducing arbitrary Government; and, in particular the Declaration of Indulgence against the Acts for Conformity, and suppressing Conventicles; expressing himself before the King and Council, in these Words, viz.

" Your Majesty’s Edicts ought to be obeyed; for Your Majesty's Edicts are equal with the Laws, and ought to be observed, in the first Place."

Which Words, being testified against him by several '

Members of the House;

Resolved, nehiine contradicente, That an Address be presented to his Majesty to remove the Duke of Lauder-' dale from all his Employments, and from his Presence and Councils for ever; being a Person obnoxious and dangerous to the Government."

A Debate being in the House, touching the Duke of Duke of Buckingham; and a Letter being sent by him to Mr. Buckingham Speaker, and read in the House: which Letter is asfol- <lesir's 10 loweth j EiT

Mr. Speaker,

I desire you to do me the Favour to get Leave of the honourable House of Commons, that I may inform them, in Person, of some Truths relating to the Publick; by which you will much oblige,

January 13, 1673. Sir,

Directed: For the Right Youf most humble and honourable the Speaker . r ... r , 0

of the House of Coo- most fa, thful Ser5ant' mons. T

And the Duke being called in, and heard;

Resolved, 8cc. That the Debate of the Matter, touching the Duke of Buckingham, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin Addresses Sir Will. Beversham; present*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That his Majesty had appointed both Houses to attend him in the Banquetting-house, at Whitehall, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, to present their Petition for a General Fast.

And then Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to Whitehall, to attend his Majesty with the Addresses.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, returning;

Mr. Speaker reports, That, in Obedience to their Commands, he had presented the Addresses to his Majesty:

And that his Majesty was pleased to return Answer to this Effect;

That He was always ready to preserve them in 'their King’s Liberties and Properties, and to secure the Protestant Answer. Religion; and would take care the Militia Should be in Readiness, upon all Occasions, to secure the Government.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this, Committees, Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teh of the Clock.

25 Car. It.

Mcrcurii, 14* 1673.

Prayers.

Puke of r| H E House then resumed the Debate of the Mat-Buckinuham X ter concerning the Duke of Buckingham, which examined. was adjourned to tin's Day.

.And Intimation being given to the House, that the Duke had now recollected himself; and could give the House Information of some Matters relating to publick Affairs; and thereupon several Questions being agreed to by the House to be proposed to his Lordship, which are as followed); viz.

1. Whether any Person have, at any Time, declared to him any of their Advices, or evil Purposes, against the Liberty of this House, or propounded any Ways to him for altering our Government; and, if they did, what was That Advice, and by Whom.

2. What was meant by this Expression Yesterday, That he had gotten nothing; and that others had gotten Three, Four, and Five hundred thousand Pounds; Who they were that had gotten it, and by what Means.

3. By whose Advice the Army was raised, and Papists set to officer them; and Mods. Schomberg to be their General.

4. Whether he knows, that any have advised to make Use of the Army to aw e the Debates and Resolutions of this House.

5. By whose Counsel and Ministry the Triple League was matle.

6. And the first Treaty with , whereby it was

broken, and the Articles thereof:

7. And the Orders of Assignment and Credit of the Exchequer broken and destroyed:

8. And the Declaration about Matters of Religion made:

9. And the Smyrna Fleet fallen upon, before War was declared:

10. And the Second Treaty with the French King at Utrecht, and the Articles thereof:

11. And by whose Counsels the War was made, without Advice of Parliament; and the Parliament thereupon prorogued.

The Duke being called in; and the several Questions agreed to, being proposed to him by Mr. Speaker; and he having given his Answer;

The Duke being withdrawn; and the House then proceeding upon the Debate of what concerned himself in particular;

Address for Resolved, &c. That an Address be presented to his ku remora. MajestyT to remove the Duke of Buckingham from all his Employments that are held during his Majesty’s Pleasure, and from his Presence and Councils for ever.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 1 5°die Januarii, 1673.

Answtr to A/f Speaker reports, That in Obedience to the Petit*) for i.vA Commands of this House, he had attended his ,h,t Majesty: And that the Lord Keeper having read the Petition of both Houses to his Majesty, he was pleased to return this Answer;

That he would forthwith issue out his Orders for a Fast to be observed in London, and other Places of the Kingdom.

I-or'iObrian'd A Petition of Henry Lord Obrian, on Behalf of him-Pdtuon. self, and of tl)e Lady Catherine his Wife, being read;

Resolved, Sic.That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and report the Matter of Fact, together with their Opinions therein, to the House: And it is referred to Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Thom. , Sir Hen. Cetpett,

Sir Robert Dillington, Mr, Pawle, Sir Trevor Vol.IX.

29 i

Sir Lionel/ Walden, Mr. Morgan, Sir Christ. Mitsgrave,

Sir Edxv. Mansell, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir,

Sir John Newton, Mr. Sawyer, Lord Aungier, Mr. King,

Sir Hick. Francklyn, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Phil,

or any Three of them: And they are to meet To-motrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Herbert Esquire; complaining Bewdley of an undue Return made by the Bailiff of the Borough Election; of Bewdley, to serve for the said Borough, in Prejudice of your Petitioner; who was duly elected for that Place, and ought to have been returned.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report the State of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to the Lord writs of

to bring in a Bill concerning Writs of Habeas ’s for Habeas

Relief of Persons injuriously detained in Prison. Corpus.

Several Articles of treasonable and other Crimes of impeacH-High Misdemeanor, against the Earl of Arlington, prin- ment of Earl cipal Secretary of State, being opened, and presented to Ar*inSton-the House, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and there read, which are as followeth, viz.

Articles of treasonable and other Crimes of High Misdemeanor against the Earl of Arlington, principal Secretary of State.

THAT the said Earl hath been a constant, and roost vehement Promoter of Popery and Popish Counsels;

1. By procuring Commissions for a II the Papists lately in Command, who made their Application to liim, as a known Favourer of that Faction; there being not one Commission signed by the other Secretory; many of which Commissions were procured and signed by him, since the several Addresses of the Two Houses of Parliament to his Majesty, and the passing the late Act against Popery;

2. By procuring his Majesty's Letter, commanding

Irish Papists and Rebels to be let into Corporations, and admitted into the Commissions of the Peace, and other Offices of Trust Military and Civil, contrary to the established Law s and Constitutions of that Realm, to the great Terror of the King’s Protestant Subjects there:

3. By not only setting up and supporting the aforesaid Papists there, - but bringing the most violent and fiercest of them to command Companies and Regiments of the King’s English Subjects here, to the great Dishonour and Danger of this Kingdom:

4. By openly and avowedly entertaining and lodging in his Family a Popish Priest, contrary to the known Laws of the Land; which said Priest was a noted Solicitor and Promoter of the Popish Faction, and has since fled out of this Kingdom:

r). By procuring Pensions, in other Men’s Names, for Papist Officers, contrary to, and in Illusion of the late Act of Parliament:

6. By obtaining several Grants of considerable Sums

of Money, to be cha'rged upon the Revenue of ’

for the most violent and pernicious Papists there; particularly Two thousand Pounds for one Colonel Fiiz Patrick, a notorious Irish Rebel, whose Mother w as , hanged in the late Waf, for murdering several English, and making Candles of their Fat; this Grant being procured for the said Fitz Patrick at a Time when he was accused to the Lord Arlington of high Crimes, by the now Lord Lieutenant of Ireland:

7. By procuring his Majesty to release to several Irish Papists (some whereof were deeply engaged in the horrid Rebellion of that Kingdom) die Chiefries or Head Rents reserved to the Crown, out of the forfeited Estates of Papists there, being a principal Part of his Majesty’s Revenue in that Kingdom.

I Idly, That the said Earl hath been guilty of many and undue Practices, to promote his own Greatness; and hath embezzled and wasted the Treasure of this Nation;

1. By procuring vast and exhorbitant Grants fot himself,

4 E both

i 4° — 150 Januarii.

*94

15* — ^6°

A. 1673.

Impeach- both in England and Ireland, breakinginto the Settlement ment of Earl of that Kingdom, and dispossessing several English Arlington. Adventurers and Soldiers of their Properties and Freeholds, in which they were duly and legally stated, without any Colour of Reason, or Suggestion of Right:

Thereupon several Questions being agreed by the HwExanu-House to be proposed to his Lordship; which are as nation, folio weth

Whether any Person have at any Time declared

1.

to him any of their Advices, or ill Purposes, against

2. By charging excessive and almost incredible Sums the Liberty of this House, or propounded any Ways to

for false and deceitful Intelligence: him for altering our Government; and if they did,

3. By procuring his Majesty's Hand for the giving What was that Advice, and by Whom, away, between his first Entrance into his Office, the Value of Three Millions of Sterling Money, at the least;

2. By whose Advice the Army was raised, and Papists set to officer them.

3. Whether he knows, that any have advised to make use of the Army to awe the Debates and Resolutions of this House.

4. By whose Counsel and Ministry the Triple League was made;

5. And the First Treaty with France, w hereby it was broken, and the Articles thereof:

6. And the Orders of Assignment, and Credit of the

the several Grants whereof are extant, countersigned by him, and by him only.

4. That the said Earl, presuming to trample upon all Estates and Degrees of the Subjects of this Realm, the better to subdue them to his Will and Pleasure, hath causelessly and illegally imprisoned many of his Majesty’s his Life, Subjects.

5. That he did procure a principal Peer of this Realm to be unjustly imprisoned, and to be proclaimed Traytor, Exchequer, broken and destroyed: without any Legal Proceeding or Trial; and did maliciously suborn false Witnesses, with Money, to take away his Life, upon Pretence of treasonable Words.

That the said Earl hath falsely and traiterously betrayed the great Trust reposed in him, by his Majesty, as Counsellor and principal Secretary of State;

1. By entertaining a more than usual Intimacy with the French Ambassador; not only lodging him In his House, but letting him into the King's most secret Councils:

2. By altering in private, and singly by himself, several solemn Determinations of his Majesty’s Councils:

3. By procuring a Stranger to have the chief Command of the late raised Army, for Invasion of Holland,

Matters of Religion

7. And the Declaration about made:

8. And the Smirna Fleet fallen upon, before War declared:

9. And the Second Treaty with the French King, of Utrecht, and the Articles thereof:

10. And by whose Counsels the War was made, without Advice of Parliament, and the Parliament thereupon prorogued.

11. By whose Advice the Parliament was prorogued the 4th of November last.

His Lordship being called in; and the several Questions agreed to, being proposed to him by Mr. Speaker; and he having given his Answer;

And being withdrawn; and the Matter debated; Resolved, That the further Debate concerning the Lord

Ten of the

to the great Dishonour and Discouragement of all the loyal Nobility and Gentry of this Nation:

4. By advising his Majesty to admit of a Squadron of Arlington be adjourned till Tomorrow, French Ships to be joined with our English Fleet; the Clock.

sad Consequences whereof we have since felt, notwithstanding the King of France had agreed to send a Supply of Money, in order to have the Fleet wholly English.

5. Whereas the King was advised by several of his Council to press the French King to desist from making

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned Dr. Stib to Dr. Stilling fleete, for his Sermon preached on the 5th lingfleet*

Day of November last, at St. MargaIV in pursuance of the Desire of this House; and that Sir

any further Progress in his Conquest of the inland Towns John and Mr. Stockdale do give him Thanks

of Holland, whereof England was to have no Benefit, accordingly.

and to turn his Arms upon those Maritime Towns that were by the Treaty to have been ours, his Lordship gave the King Counsel to desist; whereby that part of our Expectation was wholly frustrate.

6. Whereas the King was advised, by several of his Council, not to enter into this War, till his Majesty was out of Debt, and had advised with his Parliament, his Lordship was of Opinion to the contrary, and gave his Advice accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16* die , 1673.

Prayers.

7. When the French Ships were dispersed after the r I 'HE House then resumed the adjourned Debate impeach-. tv-l. e 1 ' J 1 11 1 1 JL of the Matter concerning the Earl of mentofEait

late Fight at Sea, and had lost all their Anchors and Cables, by reason of the foul Weather that then ensued, he persuaded his Majesty to send them Fourscore Cables and Anchors; although it was then objected, and he knew it to be true, That his Majesty had not, at that present Time, any more in his Stores to supply his own morrow Morning, Ten of tire Clock. Ships, in case of like Necessity.

8. He hath traiterously corresponded with the King’s Enemies, beyond the Seas, and contrary to the Trust reposed in him, hath given Intelligence to them.

And the Articles exhibited against him being again read; Arlington, and the Debate thereupon had;

Resolved, See. That the further Debate of the Matter concerning the Lord Arlington be adjourned till To-

The Earl

desires to fee heard.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Committee of Dover

Privileges and Elections, the State of the Case, and the Election

Evidence therein, in the Election and Return for the

aT, a . u t 1 c a ra j. . , Port of Dover, between Mr. Tho?nas Papillon and Sir A Ott* being sent by the Earl of Arkngtm, directed £(Wd s - hte, deceMed and V(ite of ,,

Mr Sn«ilfpr to he rfYmmnnif'fltprl tn the Hnuse . r 3s’ ,

Committee passed thereupon; viz.

to Mr. Speaker, to be communicated to the House, and delivered to Mr. Speaker, and by him read; which Letter is as followeth:

Mr. Speaker,

Hearing the honourable House of Commons are informing themselves of Publick Affairs; wherein, I humbly conceive, what I can say may be of Use and Satisfaction to them, I beseech you to do me the Favour, by the Means of this House, to obtain Leave for me to be heard by the honourable House. I am,

T , Your humble Servant,

Jan. 15. 73.

That Sir Edward Spragg was not well elected a Member of this Parliament, to serve for the Port of Dover.

That Mr. Thomas Papillon is well elected a Member of this Parliament, to serve for the Port of Dover.

Upon Debate of which Votes from the Committee;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee.

Resolved, See. That Sir Edward Spragg was not well elected a Member of this Parliament, to serve for the Port of Dover.

Resolved,

'at

>1

a*

'v;!'

:t£'

..nr

25, Car.' II. i<5° — 170 — 190

Resolved, See. That Me. Thoms is well elected

a Member of this Parliament, to serve for the Port of Dover.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown, and the Mayor of Dover, do attend Tomorrow Morning, half an Hour after Nine of the Clock, to amend the Return for the Port of Dover.

A Complaint being made, of pressing Pilots and Seamen, to prevent their Votes; and other Miscarriages, committed in the Election for the Port of Dover;

Resolved, See. That the House will, on Monday next, proceed in the Consideration of the Miscarriages upon the Election for the Port of Dover.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sahhatiy 17* 1(573.

Pkayk rs.

OTneu’» f \ RDERED, That the Committee to whom the

Petition. 1/ Petition of the Lord O'Brien was committed, be impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to hear what shall be offered on the Rehalf of the Duke of Lauderdale: And that Sir Hen. Capell, Sir More-ton, Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Mr. be added to the Committee.

Pnom for Ordered, That Sir Charles Sir Richard

Ittping the pje> and Sir John Mallett, do attend the Lord Great’

Annuals in (jhamberlain, do desire his Lordship to give Order for repairing the Court of Wards; and particularly, that the inner Room be forthwith repaired, and put into fitting Condition for the sale Keeping of the Journals and Records of this House.

said Earl, presuming to trample upon all Estates and Degrees of the Subjects of this Realm, the better to subdue them to his Will and Pleasure, hath causelessly and illegally imprisoned many of his Majesty’s Subjects;

And Information being given of an illegal Commitment of Sir Thom. Muddiford, and his Son, to the Tower; and of Commitment of one Mrs. Dawson; and of one Overvechell, a Dutchman, and a Popish Priest taken in Herefordshire, saying Mass in his Habits, and sent to the County Gaol, and from thence delivered, and brought to the Tower, and from thence discharged;

Ordered, That Sir John Robinson, Lieutenant of the Tower, do, on Monday Morning next, produce all the Warrants of the Commitment of Sir Thomas Muddiford, and his Son; and of the Herefordshire Priest’s Commitment and Discharge; and the Warrants of Commitment of Mrs. Dawson, and Mr. Overvechell the Dutchman, And that Sir Thomas Muddiford, and his Son, do attend the House on Monday Morning.

Ordered, That Sir John Mallet, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir John Coventry, Colonel Birch, SrcJohn or any

Three of them, do go home with Sir John Robinson, and peruse thcseveralWarrants of CommitmentandDischarge, which he is to bring on Monday Morning; and the Books of Entries thereof; and to report the Matter to the House.

Ordered, That the further Debate of the Matter concerning the Lord Arlington, be adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lima, 19° die 1673.

Prayers.

Jhctmty Resolved, See. That a Rill be brought in for Repair iTythw. Gf Churches, and for Vicars better Recovery of their small

Tythes: And that it be referred to Sir Edxc.

Colonel Birch, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Mr. Wc Sir Anth.Irby, Mr. MaynardMr.Buscauen, Mr. Crouch,

Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Hobart, Sir Philip Warwick, Mr. Chalmondley, Sir John

ther, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill: And they are to meet on next, at Three of

the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Impeachment of Earl Arlington.

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate con. ceming the Lord Arlington.

And the last Clause, charging him with traiterously corresponding with the King's Enemies, and, contrary to the Trust reposed in him, giving Intelligence to them, coining first into Debate;

An Information being given to the House, that one Captain Pauldin was the Person that would give Evidence as to that Article;

Captain Paxvldin being called in; and the Article read

to him; and being demanded by Mr. Speaker, what he could testify; and desiring Time to prepare, and give in Evidence in that Particular;

And being withdrawn;

He was again called in; and demanded, What Time he did ask to prepare his Evidence: He did thereupon answer, That the Person that was to make it out, was an English Gentleman, and now in Frame, but would return again, if he were living; and was expected here every Day; but he knew not by what certain Time he would return.

Resolved, See.That this House will proceed upon the Articles, Head by Head, as they stand in the Paper delivered in, and read.

And the First Head, and the several Articles inducing thereto, being read; and the Matters thereupon debated; and the Second Head, and the first Four Articles inducing thereto, being read; the Fourth Article being, That the Vol. IX.

Z3 ESO LVFjD, Sec. That a Committee be appointed Repairing I *- to inspect the former Laws for repairing and main- Highway*, taining Highways, and consider w herein they are defective; and to prepare and bring in a Bill for the effectual Repairing and Maintaining thereof: And it is referred to Mr. Cheney,

Colonel Titus, Sir. Sad ieverell, Sir Laris, Sir

Clarke, Colonel Stranguries, Sir Antho. Irby, Mr. Sawyer,

Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Robert DiSir Throgmorton, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Darcy, Sir Temple, Sir John Otxvay, Sir Eliah Harvey, Colonel Birch,

Serjeant Sets, Sir Thom. Allen, Colonel Saudis, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Philip Mr. Mor-

rice, Sir John Ha inner, Mr Hampden, Sir Will. Doyley,

Sir John Trevor, Sir John Holland, Sir Will. Farmer, Mr.

Crouch, Sir Thom. C/ergis, or any Five of them: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate of the Impeach-Matter, concerning the Lord Arlington. ment of Earl

Colonel Birch made Report of the Proceedings of the Arlmfiton-Committee appointed, on Saturday, to peruse the Warrants of Commitment and Discharges of Sir Thomas Muddiford, and others, committed to the Tower: The Copies of which being by him read; and the Original being delivered in by the Lieutenant of the Toner; and, after the Debate of the Matter, re-delivered to him again;

The House then proceeding in the further Debate of the Matter concerning the Lord Arlington;

The Question being put, That Candles be brought into the House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Henry Capell, 1 For the Yeas 07 Mr. Hopkins, j *or the Yeas, 97.

Six John Talbot, 1 t, XT

Sir John Morctm, j For the Noes, 197.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved,

29 6 19* — 20°- — 21" Janttariu A. 1673.

Resolved, See. That the further Debate of the Matter And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the concerning the Lord Arlington, be adjourned till To- Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And morrow Corning, Ten of the Clock. to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow OrThat all Committees, that were to sit this Committee*. Morning, Nine of the Clock. Afternoon, be adjourned.

1 1 1 rr And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Martis, 20* die Jamarii, 1673. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Prayers.

Writs of r 1' H E Lord St. John, according to the Order of the Habeas X House, opened and delivered in a Bill for Relief of

orpus. the Subjects illegally imprisoned by Writs of Habeas

Corpus: Which was read.

Resolved, See. That the Rill be read a Second time on Friday next

Mercurii, 21° die Januarii, 1673;

Prayers.

/~\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Stafford Warranttothe Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Writ for Election of a Member to serve for the Town of Stafford, in the room of Mr. Mitx deceased.

O’Brian’s Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Petition Petition. cf t^e Lord Obrian was committed, be revived; and do Bit Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock

in the Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Duty on Law Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Mr. Sachevei'ell, Proceedings. Sir John Knight, Sir Robert Carre, Mr. Lord

St.John, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Masters, Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr. Crouch, Sir John New ton. Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Maynard, or any Three of them, to peruse the Bill for an Imposition on Proceedings at Law; and to consider of such Clauses therein as are doubtful; and to bring in a Bill for the Explaining thereof, and ascertaining the Collection of that Duty: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hearth Resolved, See. That it be referred to Mr. Saehexerall, Money. Sir John Knight, Sir Robert Carre, Sir

Sir Edxv. Masters, Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Boscmen, Lord St. John, Sir Zee, Sir John Newton, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Maynard, or any Three of them, to peruse the Bills for collecting the Duty of Hearth Money; and to consider of such Clauses therein as are doubtlul; and to bring in a Bill for the Explaining thereof, and ascertaining the Collection of the Duty: And they are to meet 1 o-morrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Continuance of Two former Acts, for pre- Northern venting of Thelt and Rapine upon the Northern Borders, Borders, was read.

Resolved, Scc.That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to view* the Bills de- Bills which were depending last Sessions, and not passed, peudinli* and see which of them are useful; and represent such as are most necessary, with their Opinions, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas CleSir Anth. Irby, Sir Will.Coventry, Sir Robert Carre, Sir. Onslow, Mr. At-

torney General, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Char. liar hard.

Sir Will. Lewis, Sir Will. Lmther, Sir John Mr. Waller, Mr. Hobby, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Joseph Tredinham, Sir Edxv. Deering, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Hen.

Coped, Sir Courtney Poole, Lord ALord Cornbury,

Mr. Walker, Sir James Smith, Sir Mr.

Spryej Siv Will.Strode, Sr John Otway, Sir lien. Nexcton,

Colonel Birch, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Lord

Obrian, Sir James Smith, Captain Herbert, Sir John Carexv, or any Five of them: And they are to meet on

Friday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the same Committee he impowered to Expiring inspect such Laws as were temporary; and to consider Laws, what are fit to he continued or repealed; and report the Matter to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to consider the Orders of tk* antient Orders of the House; and present such as are for Houk, the better Decency, and orderly Sitting, in the House.

Impeach- The House then resumed the adjourned Debate con-

ArHnctois cern'ng the Lord Arlington.

The Question being put, That an Address be presented . tb his Majesty, to remove the Earl of Arlington from all his Employments, that he held during his Majesty’s Pleasure, and from his Majesty’s Presence and Councils for ever;

The House was divided:

The Yeas go forth.

_ Tellers,

Lord Cornbury j -p- v

Sir Joh n Cmtin, j-For the Yeas, .27.

Sir Christopher MusgraxeS r XT cc.

Mr.Hnrhiri, ’} For the Noes, 166.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Articles against the Earl of Arlington; and to report what Matter is therein contained, and can be proved, that is fit for an Impeachment; viz. Mr. Crouch, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Think. Meeres, Sir Geo. Donning, Sir NichCarew, Sir Will.DoyleyMr. Colonel Birch,

Lord Cornbt()-y, Sir Will.Lewis, Sir Robert Carre, Mr.

Howe, Mr. Poicle, Mr. Sir Anth. Irby, Sir

Gilbert Geirard, Sir Charles , Sir John Mmnson;

A Bill to prevent unjust Vexations by Suits at Law, VexatioH* was read the Second time. SwU*

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Mr. Attorney General, Colonel Titus, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir John BurnaSir Trevor Williams, Serjeant Jones, Sir John Lmther, Sir John Knight,

Mr. Streete, Sir Thom. Allen, Lord Ancram, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Coriton, Sir Will.Coventry, Mr. Onsloxv,

Sir John Nexcton, Sir Hen.Capell, Mr. Mr.

Wright, Serjeant Seis, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. Otxcay,

Serjeant Maynard, Sir John Trevor, Clarke, Sir

Anth. Irby, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Sir

Will. Lewis, Mr. Joltiffe, Colonel Birch, Lord Obrian, Sir

John Moreton, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Mallet, Sir John Heath, Sir Francis Drake, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that shall come- are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is recommended to Mi*. Attorney General, to take care of the Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed for the pre- Test against paring one or more BiH or Bills for a general Test, to Papists, distinguish between Protestants and Papists; and to pte-

vent ’

25 Car. II.

21 2 2° — 230

297

vent the Danger, and further Growth of Popery; and for a more easy and speedy Conviction of Popish Recusants: And those that shall refuse to take it, be incapable to enjoy any Office, military or ciyil, or to sit in either House of Parliament, or to come within l'ive Miles of the Court:

And it is referred to Colonel Strangle ales, Colonel Birch, Sir Trevor WilliMr. Attorney General, Serjeant Scis, Mr. Mallctt, Sir Mr.

axcay, Lord A tier am, Sir John Mr. Maynard,

Lord St. John, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Sir

Charles Harbord, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Francis Clarke, Sir Will. Lewis, Sir Thomas Lord Cavendish, Lord

Chrian, Mr. Swinjen, Lord Angler, Sir.// ill. Coventry, Mr. Powle, Sir Char.Wheeler, Mr. Cheney, Sir John

Hot ham, Colonel Titus, Sir John Covert, Mr. Crouch, or any Three of them.

Pr. Crad- Ordered, That this House, fur the better Observation uT'reach t‘ie thirtieth of January of this present Month, will

©u 30 Jan. meet in a Body in the House; and from thence go to Saint

Margarett'sChurch Westminster: And Dr. Craddock is desired to preach before the House in the Forenoon, and Dr. Lloyd in the Afternoon, of that Day: And Colonel Stranguries is desired to give Notice of it to Dr. Craddock; and Sir Thomas to Dr. Lloyd.

Dr. Tillotson Ordered, That Dr. be desired to preach

on before this House on the Fast Day, which is appointed the Fourth of February next: And Sir Edward Masters is desired to give him Notice.

arade*51'* A Petition of several Masters of Ships, inhabiting in rJ e’ and about tire City of London, on the Behalf of themselves

and others, using the Newcastle Trade, and other Parts, was preferred, and read in the House.

And some of the Petitioners being called in, and owning the Petition; and the Matter being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be committed to Sir Will. Thompson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sache-veretl, Mr. Love, Sir John Mr. Child, Sir Thom.

Mceres, Mr. Who mood, Mr. Sir Anth.

Irby, Sir Thom. Clcrgis, Sir Will. Wright,

Mr. Pepis, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John

Birkenhead, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Hugh Boscowen, Mr. Harbord, Sir John Lmvther, Colonel Birch, Sir John Sir

Charles Wheeler, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Will. Lewis, Sir Robert Holmes, Mr. Garret Sir . John Coventry, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. Sir John

Heath, Sir H ill. Bueknall, Mr. Sir

hams, Sir I fill.Doyley, Sir John Captain Lcgg,

Mr. Legg, Sir Nich. Careic, Mr. Graham, and all that serve

for the City of London, or any Port, or Maritime Tow n: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to inspect the Laws which relate to the impressing of Men for the Sea Service; and to receive and hear such Complaints as shall be offered, of any Abuses or Irregularities committed by the Pressing of Men for the Sea; and to consider how the laws stand; and to report the whole Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers: And send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

hover

Election,

1’xiter

himbeo.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter, concerning the Miscarriages upon the Flection for the Port of Dover, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,22’ die Jan1673.

Praters.

All IL L for uniting of several Parish Churches within the City of Exiler, and raising a Maintenance for Ministers to supply the Cures, was read; but, being Vol. IX.

brought in without Leave, and to levy a Rate on the Subject, was withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for uniting Parishes, and providing a Maintenance for Ministers, within the City of E.viicr, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Will. Lewis, Sir Charles Harbord, Orders of the Sir John Holland, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir - H°use-

co-wen, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Love, Sir Irby, Mr. Wader, Mr. Crouch, Colonel StraMr. Hugh Bcscozccn, Sir Thom. Mceres, Mr. Swinjen, or any Five of them, be appointed to assist Mr. Speaker in collecting and presenting the ancient Orders, for the Decency, and orderly Sitting and Governing, of the House.

The Matter concerning the Miscarriages in the Elec- regulating tien for the Port of Dover having been debated; Elections.

The House then entering into the Consideration of the Regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and the Matter being debated;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to bring in One or more Bill or Bills for the Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the better Ascertaining of the Returns of Members to be elected; and for the better Attendance of such as are elected and returned; and upon the other Debates of the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Howard, Sir Jennings, Mr. Edward Boscow en, Mr. 1 Caller, Sir Thom.

Mceres, Mr. Swinjen, Sir John Birkenhead, Lord bury, Sir John Bramston, Sir Wilt. Hickman, Sir Thomas Lee, Col. Birch, Mr. IChorwood, Sir Char. Harbord,

Mr. Finch, Serjeant Maynard, Sir 7 Higgons,

Sacheverell, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Clcrgis, Sir

Nich.Came, Sir Edit'. Dccring, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, on next, re- State of the

solve into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider NaUon* of the State and Condition of the Nation, and the (Jricv-ances occasioned by reason of the War; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 23° die Januani, 16*73.

Prayers.

AN additional Bill for preventing the unnecessary Ease of

Charges of Sheriffs; as also for the Ease of Justices Sheriffs, &c. of the Peace, in their Attendance at the Assizes; was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, brought in by Leave of the House, for.uniting Exeter Parishes, and providing a Maintenance for Ministers, Parishes, within the City of Exeter, was read.

Resolved, Stc. That the said Bill be read a Second*.

Resolved, Sec. That a Committee be appointed to pre- London pare and bring in a Bill or Bills for paving and maintaining Paving, the Streets of the City of London; and enabling the City to perfect and go through with the Re-building of the Churches, and such other publick Works, as are enjoined by Act of Parliament; viz. Sir Richard lord, Alderman Love, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Jones, Serjeant Maynard,

Sir Edw. Boscowen, Sir/////. Coventry, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Robert Cur re. Sir Will. Lowther., Mr. Boscowen,

Mr Whorwood, Colonel Titus, Sir Rober

Carcxv, Sir Rich.7 cmple, Sir Edward Massey, Mr

Mr. Mallctt, Mr. Sueheverell, Sir John Louther, Sir John

Barnaby, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Robinson, Sir

Thom. Mars, Mr. Child, Sir Edward Dccring, Lord.?/.

Johns, Lord Obrian, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Caraway, Colonel Birch, Sir Them.Clcrgis, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir

Thom.Lee, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Allen Broderick, Mr Streete, Sir Will. Sir

4 F Knight,

2 3° — 24° — 26° Januarii. A. 1673.

Knight, Mr. Cheney, Sir Edm. Sir John

Mr. 7%ow. Morrice, Colonel Mr. Herbert,

Mr. Finch, Sir Thom.Bide, Mr. Alderman Bence,

Sir Eliah Haney, Colonel Lord Ancram, Sir

John Otway, Sir John Sir John Talbot, Sir

Hen. Capell, Sir Hugh Bethell, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Stock-dale, Mr. Clarke, Sir Hen. Thompson, Sir Thomas Blud-worth, or any Three of them.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the said Committee, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill for restraining any further new Building in all Places within the Bills of Mortality, except the City of London, and the Liberties thereof.

Writ* of Ha- A Bill for Relief of Persons imprisoned by Writs of boa* Corpus. Habeas Corpus, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Lord St.John, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Doyley, Mr.

Pawle, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Attorney General, Col. Sandys, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Garaway, Sir Edw. Masters, SirWill.Lowther. Sir Fran. Clarke, Lord Fits Williams, Lord Obrian, Colonel Strangivaies, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Rich. Poivle, Sir John Hotham, Sir Will. Francklyn, Sir John Mallett, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Otway, Sir Char. Harbord, Mr. Will. Sir Thom.Meres,

Mr. Cheney, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Morrice, Sir Nich. Carew, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Robert Thomas, Sir Hen. Capell, Lord and all the Gen-

tlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the inner Court of Wards: And it is recommended to Mr. Serjeant Maynard, and Mr. Sawyer, to take care of the Bill.

Aldborough Ordered, That the Merits of the Cause and the Return Election. for the Borough of Aldborough be heard together.

Dr.Whith- Ordered, That Doctor Whithcott be desired to preach w,ttt"l’Ifeach before the House, on the Fourth of February next: And on 4 e the Lorci Cornbury is desired to give him Notice.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Edward Carteret,. Menage to Usher of the Black Rod. attend the

Mr. Speaker, , K,n8'

His Majesty commands this honourable House, to attend him immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker reports, That, because he would not trust The King'* his Memory. His Majesty had been pleased to deliver to sPeech him His Speech in Writing: Which he read to the reporte<1' House; which is as followeth; viz

My Lords and Gentlemen,

AT the Beginning of this Session I told you (as I thought I had Reason to do), That the States General had not yet made Me any Proposals which could bd imagined with Intent to conclude, but only to amuse.

To avoid this Imputation, they have now sent me a Letter by the Spanish Ambassador, offering Me some Terms of Peace, upon Conditions formerly drawn up, and in a more decent Style than before.

It is upon this that I desire your speedy Advice: For, if you shall find the Terms such as may be embraced, your Advice will have great Weight with Me: And if you find them defective, I hope you will give Me your Advice and Assistance, how to get better Terms.

Upon the whole Matter, I doubt not but you will have a Care of My Honour, and the Honour and Safety of the Nation, which are now- so deeply concerned.

His Majesty's Speech, relating to the Letter and Articles prepared on the Behalf of the Dutch, in order to a Peace: And

Mr. Secretary Coventry having acquainted the House, that he had Command from his Majesty to communicate and deliver in Copies thereof, translated, to the House; which Mr. Speaker having read to the House; and Mr.

Secretary having afterwards delivered in Copies of Memorials from the Spanish Ambassador, and his Majesty's Answer; which were also read by Mr. Speaker;

Ordered, That the Entrance of these Papers, delivered Entrr of in by Mr. Secretary Coventry in the Journal, be sus- Papers pended till the House give further Direction. *u»pended.

Resolved, &c. That the Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech be adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 24° die , 1673.

Prayers.

Northern A BILL for Continuance of Two former Acts, to Borders. x\. prevent Thefts and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir John Otway, Colonel Kirby, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Stockdale, Lord Ogle, Sir George Reeve, Mr. Hobby, Sir Carre, Sir John Knight, Sir Will. Doyley, Mr. Newport, Sir Edm. Jenings, Lord Morpeth, Colonel Birch, Mr. Collingwood, Sir Charles Harbord, and all that serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmer-land, and Durham: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Moor- A Bill against Moor-burning in several of the Northern

burning. Counties, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time.

Duty on Law Air. Sacheverell reports from the Committee appointed

Proceeding*, to peruse the Act for imposing a Duty upon Proceedings at Law, That the Committee had met, and agreed upon a Bill for the better Explaining a Clause in that Act, ascertaining the Duty: Which he opened; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Luna, 26* die Januarii, 1673.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to Air. Crouch, Simony, to bring in a Bill against Simonaical Contracts, Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That Sir John Otway, Mr. Hall, Sir John Impeach-Talbott, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Rich.Wiseman, Sir Henry l"tllt j’1 Goodrick, Sir Edm. Jennings, Mr. Sir John 0 Armstun

Werden, Sir John Moreton, Sir Cha Col.

Philipps, Lord Obrian, Sir John Barnaby, Lord Fits-harding, Sir Hairy Ford, Lord Mr. Ihinne,

Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Thomas Higgons, be added to the Committee concerning the Lord

A Bill for explaining a Clause in the former Act, and Duty on Law for the better ascertaining the Duty upon Proceedings at l'rofewlin6s. Law, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Ease of Sheriffs, and for the better Passing 1'as* of their Accounts, was read the Second time. Sheriffs,

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Allen Broderick, Colonel Strangicaies, Sir John Moreton, Sir Robert Barneham, Mr. Clerke, Sir Barnaby, Sir

Trevor Williams, Colonel Philipps, Lord Obrian, Sir

1 7 lloua, I,

rr

35 Car. II. 26° — 270 — 28° Jdnuarii. 299

Ilobart, Sir Thom. HattonCol. , Mr. Mountague, Lord Fanshaw, Sir John Norton, Mr. Grimston, Mr; Stock-

dale, Sir Thom. Bludworth, Mr. Love, Sir John Mounson, Sir Will. Hartopp, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Nick. Pelham, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir John Werden, Sir John Otroay, Mr.

Westphaling, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Sir Edw.

Masters, Sir Rich.Ford, Sir Ford, Mr.

Sir John Goodrich, Lord Ancram, Sir Edw. Hungerford, Sir Edm.Jenings, Sir WillCoventry, Mr. Sir Edw.

Peering, Mr. Daniell, Sir Geo. CourthopAnd all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Moddiford's A Petition of Charles Esquire was opened.

Petition. and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Muddiford being called in to the Bar of the House, did own the Petition; and did offer to make out the Contents of it.

The Petition was read.

And Sir John Robinson standing up in his Place; and having given an Account to the House of the Matter, and his Carriage therein;

Resolved, That the Matter suggested in the Petition of Mr. Muddiford, be heard in the House, on Saturday next.

Lord Corn- A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin, Estate and Sir Will.Beversham.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Charles now Lord Cornwallis, to enable him to raise Money for Payment of Debts; and providing for his Brothers and Sisters: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Illegal Im- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to pnsonment. prevent the Transportation of Persons into Prisons beyond the Seas: And that no Persons be imprisoned here, but in Lawful Prisons.

The King’s The House then proceeded to the Consideration of his Ed M?J>stys Speech.

The Question being propounded, Whether this House, before they proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech, will make an Address to his Majesty, to be informed, Whether the Advice that is expected, is to relate to a separate or a joint Peace;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That this House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, to take his Majesty’s last Speech into further Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, L>rd Con* An Act for settling the Estate of Charles now I<ord Corn-wallis; and to enable him to raise Money for Payment of Debts, and providing for his Brothers and Sisters, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the Imprisoning of the Subjects in Illegal Im-illegal Prisons; for sending them to Prisons beyond the Pr‘somneilt* Seas, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Rill be read a Second time, on Thursday, aften Ten of the Clock.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole Advice on House, to proceed in the Consideration of his Majesty’s J last Speech. p

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee of the whole House, a Vote and Resolve of the Committee, to be presented to the House: Which was delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and is as followeth; viz.

That, upon Consideration of his Majesty’s gracious Speech, and the Proposals from the States General of the United Provinces, this Committee is of Opinion, that his Majesty be humbly advised to proceed in a Treaty with the said States, in order to a speedy Peace.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, upon Consideration of his Majesty’s gracious Speech, and the Proposals from the States General of the United Provinces, this House is of Opinion,

That his Majesty be humbly advised to proceed in a Treaty with the States, in order to a speedy Peace.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28’ die Januarii, 1673.

Praters.

ABILL for confirming Leases; and for enabling Sir Drake'* Francis Drake Baronet, to settle a Jointure, and Estate-Provisions for his younger Children, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, w-as read. Insolvent

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time. Debtors*

A Bill for Augmentation of small Vicarages, was read Augmenting the First time. Small Vic-

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time. carage*‘

j

i:

Martis, 27* dieJanuarii, 1673.

Prayers.

A COMPLAINT being made of a Breach of Privilege, committed by Charles Taylor, Thomas Burchett, William Williams, and the Widow Coveil; in causing Mr. Edward Manning, the menial Servant of Sir John Coriton, to be arrested and detained in Prison, by one Calvert White, and Hughes, Bailiffs, and their Followers; and in uttering contemptuous Words against the Privilege and Dignity of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant, for Discharge of the said Mr. Manning: And that it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege against the House; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House; and to take it into Consideration on Thursday next

Piscary Pre- A Bill for the Preservation of the Piscary, in the Rivers

sti vaiiuiL ,5 evern, Avon, and Tame was presented to the House,

and read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second rime. Vol. IX.

A Petition of Bernard Howard Esquire was opened, Howard’* and presented to the House, and read. Petition,

The Question being put, Whether the Petition be retained;

It passed in the Negative.

Forasmuch as by Reason of the long Sitting of the Hearing House, and the Length of several Causes depending before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Cases t'ttU8es*

u , '

there cannot be heard, as was appointed;

Ordered, That the several Hearings behind, be deferred Twelve Days longer than the First Times appointed; and so to be heard, in Order as they now stand, as soon as the Committee can: And that they prepare their Counsel and Witnesses accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discon- Committee*, tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in die Places formerly appointed.

A Petition of Colonel Pretty, and Captain on indigent Behalf of themselves and other indigent loyal Officers, Officer*, was read; and the Matter debated.

Ordered,

3oo

l8° — 2 90 Januarii.

A. 1673.

Sir J. Renan's Ac*

Ci’Ullt.

Advice on

Order cel,

That ?.! r. Burlyand Mr. attend the

Lend Clue. Laron; and desire his Lordship to s>ive Order for spot din.; the Matter (it Sir John Barnett's Account, depending in the Exchequer.

Tl.e I louse then entering into a Debate upon the Vote made 1 csterday, in retevence to their Advice to his Majesty, in order to a i reatv of Fence.

Resolved, die. That the Consideration of the Matter, upon the Vote k.-r an Addre-s of Adv ice to lie made to his Majesty, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, lenoi tl.e Cu.ck.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Moorelamt’s W uur Ln giue.

Juris, 29* die Ja 1673.

A PETITION of Sir S'mutdl for Leave

to bring in a Bill for the Use of a certain Water Engine, by him invented, was read.,

Resolved, &c. That it he referred to Sir Robert Howard, Sir John Otway, Sir H ill. St, Sir Trevor

Mr. Stock date, Col. Titus, Sir Lowther, Mr. Mat-

Resolved, &c. That the humble Thanks of this House Thanks for be returned to his Majesty, for his last gracious Speech; ^‘"8f and that the Concurrence of the Lords be desired therein, ^eec and to the Vote of this House, of Advice to his Majesty:

And that the Lord Cornbury do go up to the Lords, to desire their Concurrence.

A Petiton of the Mayor, Jurats, and Common Coun- Hyeth cil-men for the Port oi Hyeth in the County of Kent, was Election» presented and tendered to the House.

Resolved, &c. That the' further Consideration of this Petition be adjourned till Saturday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Bill to prevent the Imprisonment of the Subjects, in Illegal Im-illegal and secret Prisons, or Places beyond the Seas, was Pri!,onmeul* read the Second time: And several Debates having been hud thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir Thomas Lee, Sir H ill, Doylcy,

Mr. Attorney General, *&\vJohn 'Trevor, Sir 7hernias AH? cs,

Mr. Hestphahug, Mr. Ford, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Basemen, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Weld, Sir John Dunconibe,

Mr. Secretary Coventry, Mr. Stockdule, Sir Courtney Poole,

Massey, Lord Cornbury, Sir Jonath. Trelazrney, Sir Earn. Sir Hill. Coventry, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Windhiun, Sir John Pettus, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Sazcycr, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Strode, Sir Trevor H // Mhur. Cotterell, and such other of the Members as will lienns, Lord Obrian, Mr. Palmes, Sir Thomas Bide, Sir accompany them, or any Five of them, to repair to take Thom. Clergis, Mr. Oakely, Sii'Anth. Irby, Mr. Pozde, Sir a View of the said Engine, and report their Opinions EUab Harvey, Mr. Garrazcay, Sir John Mounscn, imd-a\l

___ . if 1 r 1 . — U---4-U..4.-----4.U ~ f'--«... A..0.01

Pv^pfiirin

Highways.

Coni Measures, &LC.

Tt*st hgainst

leer’s ( huinber to be locked.

Motion for opening a Door.

Piectdents for chat purpose.

therein to the House, on Monday next.

A Petition from the Town of Northallerton in the County of Yorke was read, relating to the Amending and Maintaining the Highways.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to peruse the Laws, and to prepare a Bill for repairing the Highways, to take the same into Consideration, and report the Mutter therein to the House. "

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Wright, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Charles Harbor d, Mr. Boscoiven, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Hill. Hickman, Sir John Pettus, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Thom. Bide, Sir Edw. Hindi am, Col. Birch, Sir John Knight, Mr. A lor rice, Sir Courtney Poole, Dr. Arras, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Regulating and ascertaining the Measure of Coal, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Sale of Wood, and Abuses against the late Act in the Measures of Corn.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill for a Test be-t yean Protestants and Papists; viz. Mr. Stockdule, Sir JIHLCoventry, Sir//'77/. Laois, Sir John Olway, Mr Palmes, Sir Phil. IT Irzcick, Sir Trevor IlllUams, Lord Cornbury, Sr Hill. Hickman, Mr. Hunger ford. Colonel Birch, Mr.

( 7dlifhrd: An l it is recommended to Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Hill Coventry, and Mr. Pou le, to take care of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Back-door into the Speakers Chamber be locked up every Morning, and the Key laid and left on the Table, cl uing the Sitting of the House.

A Motion being made, and debated, for Mr. Speaker to send his Warrant to his Majesty's Surveyor, to open ttie Door a no Passage from the Middle of the Gallery, into the Speaker's Crumiher.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir John Mallet, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Crouch, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Pozde, Sir John Knight, Sir Them Lee, Sir Nidi. Cans, Sir John PArkaihcad, Sir Them. Metres, Mr. H horzvcf d. or any dhree of them, to search and pivducc Frccedeats, where Mr. Speaker has been impowered to send a Vt arrant oi ILL kind; and to report the Matter to the House.;

the Members that serve lor the County of Yorke: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Cornbury reports, That he had attended the Lords; and that, as to the Message for their Concurrence, re°^ecUng the Lords had returned this Answer by the Lord Keeper; Kings That as to the returning Thanks to his Majesty for his Speech, &c. late gracious Speech, they had already attended in a.

Body, and presented the Thanks of That House to his Majesty: And that, as to the Vote of Advice, they will take it into Consideration; and return Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas and Sir Will.Glascock.

Mr. Speaker, 3 he Lords have sent u5 down to let you know, that they have agreed upon a Vote of Advice, to be presented to his Majesty; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

W hich Vote they delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

And the same being read, is as followeth;

'Phe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and , in Parliament assembled, upon Consideration of his Majesty's gracious Speech, and the whole Matter now before them, are of Opinion, That his Majesty be humbly advised to proceed in a Treaty with the States General of the United Provinces, in order to a speedy Peace.

The Messengers being withdrawn; and the Vote delivered in, being read:

And the Messengers being again called in, Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, that this House had considered of the Message; and would return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill con- Writs of Ha-cerning Habeas Corpus's, is committed, be adjourned; Ccr*,us’ and do sit on Saturday in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of TVuinintr the Green Cloth Office do give an Account to the House, ^ir on Thursday Morning, of the Commitment and Detaining of Sir Thomas Bide, and his Servants; and exacting l ive Pounds for their Release.

Ordered,

Bills

deferred.

26 Car. II. 290 — >30®- — 31° 30

Ordered, That the Bill concerning the City of Exiter; And the Matter upon both being debated: and the Bill concerning Impositions upon Proceedings at Resolved, c. That the Consideration of both these* Law; be read on Saturday Morning next. Petitions be referred to the Committee of Privileges and

Elections, to examine the Matter of the Petitions; and And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow report the State of the Case, and their Opinions therein, Morning, Nine of the Clock. to the House.

Veneris, 30° die Januarii, 1673.

Ordered, That Monday Three Weeks next be appointed Call of the for Calling-over tire House. lloube.

The House r I H E House being met, in order to go to St. Mar-Chiuth - Sett's Church, for the Solemnization of the Mar-

nrc ' tyrdom of King Charles the First, went accordingly in a Body.

And then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 31* die Januarii, 1673.

Praters.

Prske’s A BILL for confirming Leases, and enabling Sir

Estate. _/x Francis Drake Baronet to settle a Jointure and

Provisions for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill be committed to Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. London, Sir Seymour, Mr. acre, Mr. Newport, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Cory, Sir Copleston Bamfeild, Sir Hen Ford, Sir Jos. Tredinham,

Sir John Birkenhead, Sir EMassey, Sir Will. Strode,

Mr. Bennet, Sir James Smith, Sir John Mr. Smith, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Coriton, Sir John Pettus, Mr.

Westphaling, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Walker, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Streete, Sir Allen Broderick, Mr. Boscowen, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Swvifen, Mr. Mallet, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Clergis reports from the Committee ap- Precedents pointed to search Precedents, where Warrants had been '.urr;lllU granted by Mr. Speaker, to the King’s Surveyor, and s^irvewr. other Officers, to make Passages, Seats, and other Con-veniencies, for the Service of the House, That they had found a Precedent in Primo JacobiWhich being delivered in, and read at the Clerk’s Table, and debated;

Resolved, kc. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Warrant to to his Majesty’s Surveyor, and such other Officers as are be 'ssued for concerned, to cause the Door and Passage from the Middle of the Gallery, into the Speaker’s Chambers, to ° be laid open again, for the freer Passage and Accommodation of the Members of this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Rules of the of the ancient Rules of this House, and by what Means I Iouse> antl the Members of this House may be compelled to give ^mbere8 their better Attendance on the Service of the House: Attendance.

And it is referred to Sir Will.Hickman, Mr, rell, Sir Nich. Carew, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Trevor

Williams, Sir Edw.Deering, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir

John Mallet, Sir Robert Howard, Sir John Coventry, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Mr. Powle, Sir Thom.Clergis, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Will. Lewis, Sir Wit I.Doyley, Sir Irby, or any Three of them.

Ordered, That this House will attend his Majesty, with Vote'respect-the Vote of this House, which relates to the Duke of ing Dul;e of Lauderdale; and that such Members of this House as are Lauderdale, of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended therewith.

Dr. Craddock and Dr. Lloyd thanked.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Dr. Craddock, and Dr. Lloyd, for the Sermons by them preached Yesterday before the House: And Col. icais is to return the Thanks of the House to Dr. Craddock; and Sir Trevor Williams to Dr. Lloyd.

Lord Cornwallis' Estate.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Charles now Lord Cornwallis, and to enable him to raise Money for Payment of Debts, and Providing for his Brothers and Sister, was read the Second time.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Pettus, Sir Doyley, Mr. Newport, Sir John Covert, Mr. As Sir John Dun-combe, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir John Holland, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir John Coriton, Bide, Sir John Coston, Sir Hugh Windham, Mr. King, Sir Trevor William, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Streete, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir Will. Lowther, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Lucy, Sir Thom. Proby,

Mr. Grimtoji, Sir Geo. How, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Edzv. Masters, Lord Ancram, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Nich. Carew, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Steward, Sir Thom. Meeres, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir John Strode, Sir Will. Hickman, Mr. Duncombe, Sit Stephen Fox, and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Newark* A Petition of Mr. Savile, and Sir Paul Neale, in refer-Election. ence to their being elected to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Newarke, was read.

Another Petition of John Girton, Francis and

other Inhabitants of Newarke, and other Towns adjacent, was also read.

Vol. IX.

Information being given to the House, that one Mr. Attempt to Masters had reported, that a Member of this House had corrupt a told him, That he hoped to make this Session worth Five Member* thousand Pounds to him.

Resolved, kc. That the Examination of the Matter concerning Mr. Masters be referred to a Committee; and that the Committee do consider the several Debates of the House; and to receive such Information as shall be offered to them in any other Matter of the like kind j and to consider w hat they think fit further to be done, for the Vindication of the Honour of the Members of this House; and to report the whole Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that it be referred to Sir Thom. Lee,

Sir Nich. Carew, Sir John Coventry, Sir Thom. Meeres,

Sir Robert Thomas, Lord Clifford, Sir Win. Coventry, Mr.

Stockdale, Sir John Mallet, Mr. StLord O Brian, Sir Trevor Williams, Lord Cornebury, Sir Edw. Hunger-

ford, Sir Jos.Tredinham, Sit Winston Churchill, Mr. Child,

Mr. Thynne, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Robert Carre, Serjeant Sets,

Mr. Cheney, Sir Anlh.Irby, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Streete, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir An Cope, Mr. verell, Col. Strangewaics, Col. Birch, Lord Cavendish, Mr.

Weld, Sir Thom. Clergis, Mr. Garraw Lord John, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Hen.Capell, Mr. Culliford, Air.

Hall, Mr. Russell, Mr. Papillon, Sir Robert Holt,

Mr. Powle, Mr. Mervell, Mr. Secretary Coventry,

Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Waller, Sir Birkenhead,

Mr. Rigby, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Thom. Strangwaies,

Sir John Holland, Sir John Duncomb, Sir Will. Lewis, Sir

Thom. Littleton, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Otway,

Lord Castleton, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Pettus, Sir Thom.

Allen, Lord Aungier, Sir Philip WanSir Will. Doy

ley, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Mr.

Boscowen, Mr. King, Col. Kirby, Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir Fran. Drake, Sir Allen Apseley: And they are to meet 4 C on

3 j° Januarii. — ’f Februarii.

302

on Tuesday next, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, kc. That the Debate of the Matter upon the Vote respect- Vote which relates to the Duke of Buckingham, whether ng Puk? of the Concurrence of the Lords be desired therein, be ad-uc ing am. journed ^11 Thursday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 3* die , 1673.

Praters.

A. 1673.

A Member takes Oaths.

Rest&aed,&c. That this Bill be wad a Second time.

The House then proceeded to the'Consideration of the Advice Vote of Advice to his Majesty, sent from the Lords. the King’i The Question being put, To agree with the Lords Vote sPeech-of Advice to his Majesty, with the Omission of these Words, " of the whole Matter now before us It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That a Conference be desired with the conference Lords upon the Vote of Advice: And that Sir Robert desired with Howard, S'ir'ffill. Coventry, Colonel Sir Jobi, Lords.

Coventry, Sir A nth. Irby, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Garaway, Sir Thom. Clergis, Lord St. John, Mr. Mr. Secretary Coventry, Lord Combury, Sir Joh Knight, Sir Thom.

Lee, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Rich.Temple, Sir Courtney

Poole, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Buscowcn, Mr.

or any Three of them, do withdraw, and prepare Rea-

MR. Gilbert Linfeild, bringing a Certificate from the Clerk of the Crown, of his being chosen 4

Burgess for the Borough of Ipswich, in the room of Mr. sons to be used at the Conference with the Lords. Bloise, took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table.

Warrant for opening a Passage in the House.

Mr. Speaker, in pursuance of the Order of the House having sent his Warrant for opening the Door and Passage from the Middle of the Gallery into the Speaker’s Chamber, in these Words following; viz.

IN pursuance of an Order of the Members of the Commons House of Parliament, made this Day, it is re

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, that his King ap- Majesty had appointed Thw'sday next, Three of the point* to be Clock in the Afternoon, to be attended with the Vote atte"ded. concerning the Lord Lauderdale, in the Banquetting-house at Whitehall.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee, appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Vote of Ad-

j r» l ir /-.1 1 it . Aw-<* lercuce iu ue uau vvuii uie x^oius, upon me v ore 01 /\u-

qmred, on Beha of the said House, that the Officers of vice an(J the Amendments proposed by this House, the

S rk* d°cmse ^fHoorand Passage from Reasons b them ed. hi£ were*read and allowed the Middle of the Gallery into the Speaker s Chamber, b, jj0uSe

to be again laid open, for the freer Passageand Accommo-. jhat the Lord St. John do go up to the

dation of the Members of this House: And this shall be LordSj to desire a Coflference upon the y °te Advice

Conferenc® on Vote of Advice.

your Warrant. Given under my Hand, this One-and thirtieth Day of January, 1673.

Edward Seymour, Speaker.

To my loving Friend the Surveyor and other the Officers of his Majesty’s Works, to whom it may appertain.

In Obedience to which Warrant, the Door and Passage

to his Majesty.

The Lord St. John reports, that the Lords had agreed to a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber.

And the Members appointed to draw up Reasons were directed, and did go up to manage the Conference.

A Petition of Gerrard Russe Esquire, was read; com*

plaining of an undue Return made of Sir Thomas Hatton

I.

Cambridge

Election.

were accordingly again laid open, before the Meeting of Baronet, as Knight of the Shire for the County of Cam

the House this Day.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees, which were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Kelshall

Charities.

Moor-burn-

ing.

A Bill for settling certain Lands and Tenements to Charitable and Publick Uses, for the Benefit of the Parish of Kelshall, in the County of Suffolke, was read the First time.

Resolved, kc. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent Moor-buming in several of the Northern Counties, was read the Second time.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stock-dale, Mr. Chalmondley, Mr. Westphaling, Sir ton, Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Crouch, Sir Will. Lowther, Sir Anth.Irby, Mr. Palmes, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Mr. Sir John

Robinson, Mr. Maynard, Sir Will. Doyley, Mr. Sherrard, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Sir Ro-

bert Howard, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Charles Harbord, Lord Combury, Lord St. John, Sir Capcll, Sir Thom. Bludicorth, Sir Fran. Compton, Sir John Hanmer, Sir Edw. Hmgerford, Sir Edmund Jenings, Sir Will. Thompson, Sir WiU. Coventry, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Thom. Littleton, and all that serve for the Counties of Yorke, Lincolne, Lancashire, Hereford,

Monmouth, Cheshire, Shropshire, Derbyshire, Cumberland,

bridge, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected for that County, and ought to have been returned.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the State of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Andrexo Hacket and Conference; Sir Will. Beversham; on Vote of’

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Advlce< quaint you, That they desire a present Conference with,

this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being again called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, that the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the former Managers do attend the Conference.

Lord St. fohn reports, that they had attended the Conference with the Lords: And that the Lord Keeper did acquaint them, that the Lords had wholly agreed with this House in the Amendment to the Vote of Advice; and had sent to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when be would be attended: And that his Majesty had appointed to be attended therewith on Thursday next, in the Banqueting-house, at Whitehall, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Which Vote is as faUoweth; viz.

The Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, upon Consideration of his Ma-

14«arth»

money.

Northumberland, and Westmorland:And all that shall , . c , . , ....

come are to have Voiees: And they are to meet on Friday g^ci°U^pefch’ are of 9P*nion» his

next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner £ pr?cfd ln.a Treaty th the

Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and btate? ^eneral the Umkd Provinces, in order to a Records. 8Peedy ^eace*

Ordered, That Sir John Coventry, Sir Ed. Hunger- impeach-A Bill for the Regulating and Ascertaining the Duty ford, and Sir Will. Francklin be added to the Committee m«nt of Earl upon Hearth-money, was read the First time. concerning the Lord Arlington. of Arlington

34 The

Detaining Sir T. Bid

Iflecnl Imprisonment.

Portsmouth, h. Streets.

Dean of Canterbury and Dr. Whitch-cott thanked.

Regulating

Elections.

Exeter

Bariibefl*

26 Car. II. 30 — 5° —

The House having proceeded to the Consideration of > the Matter between Sir Thomas Bide and, the Officers of the Green Cloth* concerning the Comautoaent of Sir Thomas Bide, and his Servants: and the Matter being debated; and other Debates arising in reference to the Goldsmiths and others;

Resolved, Sec. That a Committee he appointed to examine the Matter between Sir Thomas , and the Officers of the Green Cloth, touching the Commitment, and detaining Sir Thomas, and his Servants; and also to consider of the other Debates of the House, and particularly that concerning the Goldsmiths; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House:

And it is referred to Si t John Mounson, Mr.

Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Henley, Sir Will. Hayward, Sir Edw. Seymour, Lord Csslletou, Mr. Hall, Mr. Maynard, Sir Will. Portman, Sir John Birkenhea Sir John More-

ton, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Coventry, Colonel Sfrangwaies, Sir Auth. Irby, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Walter St. John, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Carew, Colonel Birch, Sir Tree. Williams, Mr. Attorney General, Sir John Packington, Mr. Siochdale, Mr. Whitacre,

Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John KnigMr. Garraway, Mr. Shtrrari, Sir Edw. Veering, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Lord Cornbury, Sir John Coventry, Sir Char. Harbord,

Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. WestphaSir Thom. Littleton, Lord St. Johns, Mr. CornwalUs, Mr. Thinne, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Buscozvcu, Mr. Jones, Lord Obrian, Mr. Goring; or any Five of them: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Mallett reports from the Committee, to which the Bill to prevent Imprisonment of the Subjects in illegal and secret Prisons or Places beyond the Seas, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in, at the Clerk’s Table: Which Amendments being twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 5* die Febn, 1673.

Februarn 303

Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Lace, Mr Jones,

Mr. Sacheoerell, Mr. Walker, Sir John Coriton, Sir Moreton, Mr. Ford, Sir Will. Doyley, Sir Edw. Veering,

Mr. Crouch, Si rAnth.Irby, Mr Mr. Dennis,

Sir Copl. Banifeild, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Thom. Clergis,

Sir Phil. Harcourt, Sir Hen. Coped, Sir Edw. Massey,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Child, and all that serve for toe Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards; and to send out;

Summons of Notice to the Inhabitants of the City of Exon, and Persons concerned in Interest there, that they come in, and be heard, if they please; And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records*

Mr. Porvle reports from the Committee appointed to Test against

prepare a BiB, or Bills, for a Test to distinguish between ^aPl,u* Protestants and Pa piste, and for the better Conviction of Papists, with other Matters to them referred; That the Committee had agreed upon a BHl for the Purposes first-mentioned: Which Bill was delivered in at toe Clerk’s Table.

The Bill for a Test to distinguish between Protestants and Papists, and for the better Conviction of Papists* was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

The House then proceeded in the adjourned Debate Vot* n-of the Vote relating to the Duke of whe- *p«cting the

ther the Lords Concurrence ... be desired therein, J?u *j.e of.

The Question being put, That the Concurrence of uc ws m' the Lords be desired, to the Vote which relates to his Grace the Duke of Bucks;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out,

Tellers,

Sir John Hammer, "| r v

Sir John Mallei,) for the Yeas, 124.

Sir Nich. Carew, 1 , XT,

Colonel Birch, j <h> Not* 141

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the House do attend his Majesty, with the Vote of Address, which relates to the Duke of Buckingham: And that such Members of this House, which are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to know his Pleasure, when he will be attended therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do, upon the Attendance, Thank* for this Afternoon, upon his Majesty, present the humble Speech, and hearty Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for his last Gracious Speech.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Colonel Norton have Leave to bring in a Bill for paving the Streets, and erecting a Workhouse, or Alms-house, in the Town of Portsmouth, and raising Money for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Thanks of the House be returned to the Dean of Canterbury, and to Dr. Whitchcott, for the Sermons by them preached Yesterday, before the House: And that Sir Edward Mast do return Thanks

to the Dean of Canterbury; and the Lord Cornbury to Doctor Whitchcott.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill for regulating Elections, and for the better Attendance of Members elected to serve in Parliament, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the House will, on Saturday next, Ten Grievance.*, of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Grievances of the Nation,

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tiens be adjourned till Saturday. of Privileges,

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, Afternoon.

i . ,r .* — —

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met *

Veneris, 6° die Februarii, 1673,

A Bill for uniting Parishes within the City of , and raising competent Maintenance for Preaching Ministers of the Gospel therein, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Smith, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Trevor Williams, Colonel Strangxaies, Sir John Birkenhead, Lord Sir Jos.

Tndmham, Mr. Morris, Mr. Chalmondley, Sir John Knight, Sir John Mallet, Sir Thonws Meeres, Mr. Cheney,

Vol. IX.

Prayers.

A BIL L for Repeal of a Clause in a former Act, and Wool Tra4e. lx. to prevent Frauds in the Exporting or Importing

Wool, was read.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill to pre- v«xatVo*s vent Vexation by Suits at Law, be revived; and do sit Suit*.

this

304

6* — -7® Februarii.

A. 1673.

Hy«th

Election.

this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Council, of the Port of Hyeth, was read.

A Certificate, under the Name of certain Persons, who are Electors, against the Petition, was tendered, and read.

Resolved, &c. That the Concurrence of the House of Lords be desired to the said Address: And that the Lord St. John do go up to the Lords to desire their

Concurrence.

The Question being put, That the House Should now Castleriseing receive the Report from the Committee of Elections, ^ect*on'

The Question being put, That the Hearing of the touching the Election for the Town of;

Matter of the Election for the Port of Hyeth be put off to a further Time:

The House was divided. The Yeas went forth. Tellers,

Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir Jonath. Trelawney,

Sir Eliah Harvey, Colonel Birch,

for the Yeas, 76. j. for the Noes, 68.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth. Tellers,

Mr. Gar away,

Colonel S

Mr. Newport,

Mr. Collingwood,

| for the Yeas, 147. j- for the Noes, 117.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of And so it was resolved in the Affirmative. Elections and Privileges, the State of the Case, and Evi-

Resolved, That the Hearing of the Matter of the dence on both Sides, in the Matter of the Election for Election for the Port of Hyeth be put off for Six W eeks, the Borough of Castleriseing in the County of Norffolke; from the Time already appointed. ’

Illegal

Exactions.

Test against Papists,

and the several Votes of the Committee thereupon: Which he read; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Which are as followeth;

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Pepis is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament, for the Borough of Castleriseing.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Offley is not duly elected a A Bill for a Test to distinguish between Protestants Burgess, to serve in this Parliament, for the Borough of

A Bill to prevent illegal Exacting of Money from the Subject, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday next, after Ten of the Clock.

Castleriseing.

Resolved, &c. That the Election for the Borough of

Castleriseing is a void Election.

And the i\iatter being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

King appoints to be attended.

Answer to Votes of Thanks &c.

and Papists, was read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Powle, Colonel Strangwaies, Sir Will.Coventry, Lord Obrien, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Hopkins, Colonel Birch,

Sir Thom. Clcrgis, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Robert Carr,

Sir John Mallet, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr.

Attorney Mount ague. Sir Edw.Massey, Sir Rich.Ford,

Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Whxtacre, Sir John Burnaby,

Air. Garaway, Colonel Kirby, Lord Ancram, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Crouch, Sit Hen. Capell, Sir Char. Harbord,

Sir Edw, Deering, Lord Cornbury, Sir John Duncomb,

Sir Thom. Meeres; Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Knight,

Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Robert Howard, Lord St.

John, Sir Rowland Barkley, Mr. Mullett, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Russell, Mr. Rigby, Lord Cavendish, Air.

Swinfen, Mr. Sawyer: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Secretary Coventry reports, that he had acquainted his Majesty with the Desire of this House, to attend him with the Vote concerning the Duke of Bucks: And that his Majesty had appointed the House to attend him this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall.

Mr. Speaker reports, that, in Obedience to the Commands of the House, he had attended his Majesty; and returned the humble and hearty Thanks of the House, to his Majesty, for his last gracious Speech: And had also delivered to his Majesty the Vote relating to the Duke uncay air n uuam

of Lauderdale: And that, as to the Vote, his Majesty

had returned this Answer Garaway, Alr CYo«c/i Sir Edw. HnngeiffrdSir Will.

That lie would consider of it, and return a speedy Vrrmgham Sir WiU Thompson, Sir Sir

Answer 1 J Hen. Capell, Sir Will. Lowther, Sir Rich, lord, Mr.

That,' as to the Vote of Advice to his Majesty, in ^eetc Air. Rigby, Sir . Mounson Sir

which both Houses did concur, the Lord Keeper did Stro^.U\

read tire Vote: And his Majesty was pleased to return Sir//* r, Sir Trevor Williams, Serjeant

his Answer to thi<* Effort Maynard, Sir 7 Sir Adam Browne, Air.

ms Answer, to this Ettect. Air. Colonel Birch, Sir Edw.

Aly Lords and Gentlemen, Masters, Sir Rowland Berkley, Colonel Air.

THE best way of expressing my Thanks for your Chahnondley, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir good Advice, is by following of it; which I intend to Knight, Sir Sir Philip Sir John

do very speedily: And, if any Difficulty shall chance Covert, Mr. Air. Maynard, Sir Holland,

Sabbati, 7° die Februarii, 1673.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Town and Croydnn il Parish of Croyden in the County of Surrey, was Vicarage, tendered, and read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for settling a Alaintenance for the Vicar of the Town and Parish of Croydon, in Lieu of his Tythes: And that Sir Adam Browne have Leave to bring it in.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, was read Insolvent the Second time: And several Debates arising thereupon, I-'elHors' relating to Alatters not contained in this Bill; viz. To provide to set poor Prisoners on Work; and to prevent Frauds in such as are able to pay, in making Over their Estates in Trust, to defraud Creditors; and other Alatters;

Resolved, See. That it be referred to Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Pettus, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir John Coriton, Sir John Otway, Sir John Heath, Sir William

Address respecting Duke of Norffolke.

to arise, I do not doubt, but you will stand by me in it, to enable me to go through with it.

Resolved, &c. That an Address be presented to his Majesty, to desire him to appoint some Persons to bring the Duke of Norffolke safe into England.

22;

Air. Morriee, and all that serve for London, Middlesex, and Surrey; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to consider the several Debates of the House;

and

to

;> [)

Fj

to

b.

r.

i:.

r..<

Gi

to

at

h

am

h

Hiil

Iff

lil'

(fli

Pr

If*

If

P

ill

26 Car. II. 70 — 9° Feb3°5

and to bring in a Bill or Bills thereupon: And it is recommended to Sir Thomas Clergis and Sir Rich. Temple, to take care thereof.

Wooditock Ordei'cd, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant

Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for electing a new Member to serve for the Borough of Woodstock in the County of CKvon, in the room of Sir Will. F/ceteu'ood, deceased.

Committee Ordered, That Mr. Gray and Mr. Papillm be added

for Journal!. j-0 the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals.

London Sir Thomas Clcrges reports, that the Committee ap-

Paving. pointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better Paving and Cleansing the Streets of the City of London, that the Committee had agreed . a Bill to be presented to the House.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill concerning the City of London be tendered to be read on Wednesday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Illegal Im- The in grossed Bill to prevent the illegal Imprisonment ynwuiiKjnt. of the Subject, was read; and the last Provisoe in the Bill, upon the Question, ordered to be omitted:

Which being cut off from the Bill;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: Aud that the Title be, An Act to prevent the illegal Imprisonment of the Subject: And Sir Thomas Lee is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Grievances. The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Grievances of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Harhord took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Harhord reports from the Committee of the whole House, a Vote and Resolve of the Committee, to be presented to the House: Which was delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Continuing of any Standing Forces in this Nation, other than the Militia, is a great Grievance, and Vexation to the People: And that it is the humble Petition of this House to his Majesty, that he will immediately cause to be disbanded that Part of them, that were raised since the First of January 1663.

Resolved, Scc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the continuing of any Standing Forces in this Nation, other than the Militia* is a great Grievance and Vexation to the People: And that it is the humble Petition of this House to his Majesty, that he will immediately cause to be disbanded that Part of them, that were raised since the First of January 1603.

Resolved, &c. That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, do attend his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, when he will be pleased to admit this House into his Royal Presence.

Luna, 9° die Februarii, 1673.

ORDERED, That the Committee, to which the Lord Petition of the Lord Obrictn was committed, be re- bmn’g vived; and do sit this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock. (etlUon*

A Hill for Repair of Churches* and for the better Re- Tytl>es, &c. covery of small Tythes, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill ascertaining the Pow ers and Fees in the Patents jud«es of Judges, was read. Patents.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time on Friday next, after Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of James Pcircy Esquire, was read; and peircyfs debated. Petition.

Resolved, See. That the further Debate of the Petition of James Pcircy be adjourned to this Day Fortnight.

Mr. Secretary Coventry reports, That his Majesty had King ap-been acquainted with the Desire of this House, to have points to ba Access to his Majesty with their Address, touching the aUended* Disbanding of the Standing Forces: And that his Majesty had appointed Tomorrow, Three of the Clock, to receive the House.

A Bill to prevent illegal exacting Money from the ji'ecal Subject, was read the Second time. Exactions,

Resolved, c\e. That it he committed to Sir Harvey, Sir// ill. Lozcther, Mr. Pauls, Sir Trevor Mr. Secretary Coventry , Sir Amh.lrhySir Jenna's,

Hit Charles Hurbird, Mr. Hopkins.Lord Sir

Thom. Metres, Sir John i lot ham, Mr. Steel dale, Mr emen, Mr. Otway, Sir John MoretMr. Russell, Sir

Thom. Littleton, Sir R ich. Pedley, Mr. Rigby, Sir Capell, Mr. Garazcay, Sir Edzc. Dee ring, Mr. Streete,

Mr. Crooke, Lord Cavendish, Sir Win. Coventry, Mr.

Stanhop, Mr. Chaimondley. Sir JohColonel

Birch, Mr. Thyn, Mr. Sachevere//, Sir Robert Carre, Mr.

Szcinjen, Sir Robert Howard, Sir John Birkenhead,

Sir John Duncomb, Lord O'Brien, Mr. Sir

Nick. Carew, Sir George Dozening, Lord

Mr. Cheney, Colonel Phi/lipps, Sir Poole,

Sir Francis Drake, Lord ConiburySir John

Mr. Hamden, Sir John Newton, Mr.

Mr. Palmes, Colonel Strangzcaies, Lord St. John, Mr.

IVlioncovd, Sir John Mailed, Mr. Sir

Temple, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Lord St. John, Sir Coventry, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Gilbert Sir

Thom. Littleton, Sir Will.Hickman, Sir John Duncombe,

Sir Robert Thomas, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records: And the Long Robe are required to give their Attendance on the Committee.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reports, That, in Obedience to the Com-Wtwsptct- niands of the 1 louse, he had attended his Majesty with Buckingham. ^ie Vote bating to the Duke of Buckingham: And that his Majesty had returned this Answer;

That He would take it into His Consideration.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Grievances. Ordered, That this House w ill again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on If ednesday next. Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the Grievances of this Nation.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Thomas Estcourt Trials of and Sir Tim. Baldzcin; Peers.

Mr. Speaker, rlhe Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulating of the Trial of the Peers of England; to which they desire the Concurrence of this Blouse.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were discontinued, Committees, be revived; and do sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Report of the Election for the Huntington County of Huntbigton, between Mr. and Sir Election.

John Barnard, be made on Thursday Morning, after Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock; Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. IX; 4 II

- V

1

306

io° — 11® Februarii.

A. 1673.

Mat fis, 10* die T, 1673.

Kelshalt A BILL for settling of certain Lands and Tenements, Clmiue*. J V for the Benefit of the Parish of in the County of Suffolk e,was read a Second time.

Jic.sc/vcd,&. c. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Pelluii, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir IVill. Sir Juki'.

blasters, Mr. Russell, Sir Jhniiji/i. Winch, Sir Thomas Aden, Sir John Knight, Lord Air. Cullijord,

Sir Chari. Wheeler, Mr. St rate, Sir Sir

Edm. Windham, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Air

Lord Richardson, Mr. Sir John Coriton,

Colonel Straugziaies, Mr. Sir Moreton,

S ir Robert Bamham, Mr. Air. Wyn, Air.

Crouch, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Wright, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Grinmton, Colonel Sandys,

Alderman Bence, and all that serve for the County of Stiff hike: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And Air. Pepis, standing up in his Place, did heartily

and flatly deny, that he ever had any Altar, or Crucifix, or the linage or Picture of any Saint whatsoever in his House, from the Top to the Bottom of it.

And the Alembers being called upon by the House, to name the Person that gave them the Information; but being unw illing to do it without the Order of the House.

Ordered, That such Alembers of this House as have given in the Information against Air. Pepis, do name the Persons that informed them of the Alatter thereof.

And the Lord Shaft shurybeing named to be the Person, that informed them; and the House being also informed, that one Sir John Bankes did likewise see the Altar;

Ordered, That Sir William Coventry, Sir Committee

and Air. Garuzcuy, do attend the Lord Shaft.shury, to be to attend

informed, w hether his Lordship has at any time seen an bu^ 'so’ri, ts* Altar and a Crucifix in the House of Air.; when, information, and in what manner it was; and to receive what Information his Lordship can give upon the whole Alatter.

Ordered, That Sir John Bankes do attend at the Bar SirT. Banker of this House, to inform the House what he knows of to attend, this Alatter, relating to Air. Pepis.

Piscary A Bill for the Preservation of the Piscary in the Rivers

Preservation. Gf Severne, Avon, and Teame, w as read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Colonel Sandys, Sir Will.Doyley, Sir John Covert, Mr. Peirpoint, Sir John Covert, Mr. Russell, Sir Rond. Berkley, Sir Robert Holt, Sir John Hanmcr, Mr. Pinch, Sir Juki'.

Decring, Sir Thom. Littleton, Mr. Colonel

Strode, Sir Henry Nczcton, Sir Sir Trevor

Williams, Mr. Streete, Mr. Hobby, Sir Fran. Clarke, Mr. Caraway, Sir John Air. Pmrle, Sir

Birkenhead, Colonel Birch, Lord O Brien, Mr. J)yol, Sir Thom. Mompessen, and all that serve for the Counties

of Shropshire, Gloucestershire, Monmouthshire,

' Shire, and Wore eslershire:And all that shall come are to

have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker, at the Attendance of this Irish Troop* House this Afternoon, upon his Majesty, with the Ad- " England, dress for disbanding the Army, do further make it the humble Petition of this House to his Majesty, that the Forces that came out of Ireland, may not longer be continued in Arms here in England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mcrentity 11* die , 1673.

ORDERED, That SvrJVdliam have Leave

to bring in a Bill for settling of Lindsey Level.

Lindsey

Level.

Duty on I.a\v Proceedings.

Pressing of 5 Jen.

A Bill for the better ascertaining the Duty upon Proceedings at Law, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill be committed to Air. Sa-chevereU, Mr. Poncle, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir Pet f us,

Sir Hill. Doyley, Mr. Morris, Sir Rennet, Sir Robert

Carr, Mr. Sprye, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Westphuiing, Sir Charles liar hard, Mr. CulSir Thom. Lee, Sir Trevor Williams, Lord O Brien, Sir Sir NicJi. Pedley, Sir John Knight, Mr. Serjeant nard, Colonel Birch, Mr. Garazcay, Sir John Heath, Sir Jos. Trcdinham, Sir Robert Burneham, Air.

Air. Cheney, Sir Will.Doyley, Mr. Morris, Sir John Nczcton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir A Sir John Trevor, Sir John Hobart, Sir Covert, Co-

lonel Strode: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Alatter which relates to the Pressing of Men, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

The House then proceeding upon the adjourned Debate, touching the Election for the Town of Castleriseing, between Air. Pepis and Air. Ojf/ey, did, in the first place, take into Consideration, what related to Mr. Pepis, in Person.

Information being given to the House, by some Mem-of I Member bers, that they had received an Account from a Person being a of Quality, rl hat he saw an Altar, with a Crucifix upon it, in the House of Air. Pepis;

17

Castleriseing

Election.

Information

t’apist.

Air. Boscouen reports from the Committee to which Drake’*

the Bill for confirming Leases, and enabling Sir E»taie.

Drake Baronet to settle a Jointure and Provisions for his younger Children, some Amendments agreed to be made; and a Proviso to be added to the Bill: Which Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed:

And the Proviso twice read; and, upon the Question, laid aside, as unnecessary.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossod.

Air. Speaker reports, That, in Obedience to the Com- Answer u> mands of the House, he had delivered to his Majesty the Addiesstor Vote of the House, in reference to the disbanding the Standing Forces: And that his Majesty was pleased to return this Answer;

That lie would take it into speedy Consideration; and give the House an Answer, which, He was confident, would satisfy them.

A Bill, on the Behalf of the Town of for set- Croydrn

tling a Maintenance for the Vicar, was read the First time. Vicarage.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An additional Bill, for the better Paving the City of London London, and Cleansing and Paving the Streets and Paving Sewers of the City of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time, in a full House.

A Alessage from his Majesty, by Sir Edw. Carteret, Message to Usher of the Black Rod; attend the

Air. Speaker, KmS-

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately, in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Air. Speaker, with the House went up to attend his Majesty.

Air.

jr

26 Car. It.

I i° j Februa

307

The Kind's Speech.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, returning;

Mr. Speaker reports the Effect of his Majesty s Speech, which is as followeth;

viz

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Conclusion of I HAVE pursued your Advice; and am come hither P< ice. and to tell you, According to your Advice and Desire, I have made a speedy, honourable, and, I hope, a lasting Peace; which is signed already.

Mr. Speaker, and You Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

(hsbiiuding Forces.

" That the Commons are always desirous to preserve a good Correspondence with your Lordships; and are sorry w hen any tiling falls out tlmt doth oblige them to decline a Concurrence to any thing proposed by your Lordships; and therefore have desired this Conference, to inform your Lordships, not only tkatthey had resolved to return their Thanks to his Majesty; and appointed some of their Members, to pray Access to his Royal Presence, before the Receipt of your Lordships Message; but also, that something in his Majesty's Speech particularly relates to the House of Commons; which makes

.i , t'__________:.u ___t — — *-----»

I told you Yesterday, in the Banqueting House, That the Concurrence with your Lordships not so proper

I would give you a speedy Answer to your Address, about disbanding the Forces therein mentioned: And I do assure you, that, before you had made that Address,

1 had given Orders for doing of it as soon as I Should lie sure of the Peace; and I shall reduce them to a less Number than they were in the Year 1C63.

As for those Forces that came out of Ireland, I shall give Directions for their March hence thither: But as our Forces are lessened at Land, it will be necessary to build more great Ships; seeing we shall not be safe, unless we equal the Strength of our Neighbours at Sea;

Therefore 1 shall recommend it to your Care, to give Me Means for the effectual Doing thereof: And this is distinct times, of Eight Days time apiece, to the Audi-

Mr. May reports, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members appointed to draw up the Reasons, do attend the Conference with the Lords.

Sir Will. Coventry reports, That they had attended the Conference, and delivered in the Reasons of this House to the Lords.

Mr. Bartu reports, That, in Obedience to the Order of Sir J. Ben-this House, they had attended the Lord Chief Baron, nett s Ac* for the expediting Sir John Benn’s Accounts; who was pleased to declare, That he had already given Two

couuis.

all I have to say at this time.

Thants for Resolved, &c. That the humble and hearty Thanks hpeech. of this llou^e be presented to his Majesty, for making a speedy Peace; and for His gracious Answer to the Address of this House, concerning the Standing Forces.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, do attend his Majesty, to know his {Measure when this House shall be admitted into his Royal Presence.

Grievance?. The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Grievances of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

for, to bring in the said Accounts; but the same were not yet returned in: Of which he desired the House might be acquainted.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of the Matter concerning Sir John Bennett's Accounts be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Lindsey Level be Lindsey t brought in till after Ten of the Clock. Level/

not

Ordered, That Sir Henry Capell and Mr. be Impeach-added to the Committee concerning the Lord Arlington. n,ent ot Ear*

0 of Arlington.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill con- p.xiter cerning the City of E.riier is committed, be revived; and Parishes, do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Lords desire Concurrence to their Vote of Thanks.

Conference

thereon.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mondeford Bram-ston and Sir William Glascock;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us down to acquaint you, that they had agreed upon a Vote of Thanks to be presented to his Majesty, for his gracious Speech; and concluding a Peace, according to their humble Advice and Desire; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Which is as followeth; viz.

THE Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and , in Parliament assembled, do return their humble Thanks to His Majesty, for his gracious Speech made this Day; and concluding a Peace, according to their humble Advice and Desire.

The Messengers being withdrawn; and the Vote being read;

The Messengers being again called in;

Mr. Speaker did acquaint them, that the House had considered of the Message; and would return Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Message: And that Mr. May do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference. Ordered, That it be referred to Colonel Birch, Sir Will.Coventry, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Thom. Meeres, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Sazeyer, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Thom.

Lee, Lord Combury, Mr. Pentle, to withdraw, and prepare Reasons to be used at the Conference with the Lords.

Sir Will.Coventry reports the Reasons agreed by the

Committee, to be used at the Conference to be had with the Lords: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: And, being twice read, were, with some Amendments, agreed; and arc as followeth; viz Vol. 1)C

The House again resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Grievances of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker lelt the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had agreed a Vote; to which he desired the Concurrence of the House: Which being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed;

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Law's lately made in Scotland; whereby an Army is authorized to march into England, or Ireland; and such other Law s as do tend to the Breach of the Union of the Two Nations; and to report the same to the House; and produce the Books.

And it is referred to Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Robert Carre, Sir Eliah Sir John Duncombe, Lord CMr. Sir

Char. Harbord, Sir Thom. Meeres, Colonel Strangzvaics, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Newport, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Pozvle; or any Three of them.

Resolved, See. That the House will on Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Grievances of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Grievance*

3(S&

12° — 130

A. 1673.

Jovis, 12* die Februarii, 1673.

Portsmouth Streets, tic.

Moreland's Water Engine.

Kelshall

Charities.

Prayers.

BILL for paving the Streets of and

erecting an Alms-house and Work-house, for the Benefit of the Tow n, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sic. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A1

Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders, was committed, That the Committee had met, and perused the Bill; and found no Cause to make any Alteration, or Amendment.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for establishing of certain Water Engines in- Moreland'* vented by Sir Samucll Moreland, was read a Second time. Water En.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Lord & nes*

Ancram, Lord O'Brien, Mr. Sprye, Col. Strode, Sir Allen, Mr. Boscmcen, Sir Trevor William Sir

A Bill to enable Sir Samuell Moreland to enjoy the sole Benefit of certain Pumps by him invented, was read a &//, sir Dot/ley, Sir Mr.

First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Philip IJarcourt, Colonel Norton, Mr. Whoncood, Sir Thom. HanMr. Grey, and Doctor

Arris, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for settling certain Lands to charitable and publick Uses

Lord Sir. Sir John Birkenhead,

Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Witt. Col. Strode, Sir

Poulke Lucy, Mr. Wright, Sir John Sir Winston

Churchill, Sir Rich, lord, Sir Ford, Sir John More-ton, Colonel Sir Thom. Higgons, Mr. Maynard,

Lord lutz Williams, Sir Robert Hozvard, and all that sen e for the Counties of Fork, Derby, Somerset,

for the Benefit of the Parish of Kelshall in the County and Devon: And all that shall come are to have Voices:

Regulating

Elections.

of Stiff bike

A Bill for the better Election of Members to serve in Parliament, was read a First time.

Resolved, Sic. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Petition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of Harrow in the Hill,

Harrow, &c, and several other Towns, was tendered, and read.

The Petitioners being called in; and having owned the Petition; and a Debate thereupon arising;

Resolved, Sic. That the said Petition be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Colonel Birch, Sir Lance loll Lake, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Wright, Mr. Street, Sir Sir Coventry, Sir Will. Bucknall, Sir Charles liar hard, Sir John

Otway, Sir John Mallet t, Lord O'Brien, Sir Howard, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Edmond Sir

Jeofcry Shakerly, Sir John Sir Hen. Puckering, Lord Ancram, Sir Adam Colonel Titus, Sir

Lee, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir John Knight, Mr. Weld, Sir Anth.Irby, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Sawyer, SirTmw,

Mr. Buscowcn, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Mr.

And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock.in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill on Behalf of the Countess and Earl of New- Earl of New-burghher Son, for Payment of Debts, and making Sale !3Urt'hs of Lands, for that Purpose, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Estate.

A Bill for confirming certain Leases made by Sir Wil- Drake’* liam St)ode, and John Drake Esquire; and for enabling ^ute>

Sir Francis Drake Baronet to settle aJointure; was read the Third time.

Resolved, tkc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming certain Leases, made by Sir William Strode, and John Drake Esquire; and for enabling Sir Francis Drake Baronet to setde a Jointure.

Sir Charles Ilarbord reports from the Committee to Lonj Com-which the Bill, sent from the Lords, for settling the Estate wallis’ of Charles now Lord Cornwallis, to enable hint to raise Estate. Money for Payment of Debts, and providing for his

Maynard, Sir Jus. Tredehham, Mr. Rigby, Sir Hen. Brothers and Sisters, That the Committee had carefully Capell, Mr. Pcirpoint: And they are to meet Tomorrow, perused the Bill, and the Deeds to which it relates; and at Tw o of the Clock, in the Inner Court of Wards: And heard the Parties concerned; and had returned the Bill to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. without any Amendment.

Huntington

Election*

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, the State of the Case, and Evidence on both Sides, in the Matter otghe Election for the County of Huntington’, and the Vote of the Committee thereupon: Which he read; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Which is as follow eth; That Mr. the Sitting Member, w as duly elected.

A Bill for settling the Fees and Powers in the Patents judges’ of Judges, was read the Second time. I'uuuu.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed, upon tire Debates of the House, to Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Carew,

Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Boscowen, Serjeant Sir Thomas Mceres, Sir Nick. Ped/ey, Lord Mr. Waller,

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, Sir Temple, Sir// ill. Sir Will.

that Mr. Appreece, the Sitting Member, is duly elected; The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers,

Sir John Talbot, 7

Mr. Progers,

Lord Cornbury,

Sir St. Johns,

for the Yeas, 137.

for the Noes, 108.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 13° die Februarii, 1673.

Prayers.

Wool Trade. f^RDERED, That the Bill concerning Wool be

read on Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

IJ

Northern

Borders.

Sir John Otway reports from the Committee to which the Bill for Continuance of Two former Acts, to prevent 15

Mr. Hall, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Hen. Lord OBryan,

Mr. Rigby, Sir John Moreton, Sir Thom. Littleton, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Iluttgerford, Mr. Mallet, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. John Mounson, Colonel Birch, Sir Charles JFheeler,

Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Thom. Sir John Trevor,

Sir Robert Howard, Lord St.John, 'Sir Philip Monckton,

Sir John Hanmer, Sir Robert Carre, Mr. May, Mr. Mcr-vell, Sir John Barnaby, 'Six Allen Broderick, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Garaway, Mr. SSir Sir Philip Warwick, Sir John Hot ham, Sir Will. Doyley, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Daniell, Sir Irby, Sir Jennings, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir1 Gilbert Gerard, Sir John Norton, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Newport, Sir Winston

Churchill, Sir Thomas Higgons, Sir Mr.

Powle, Sir Edw. Mansell, Sir Fran. Six Will.

Bucknall, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr Lord,

Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Morris, Sir John Bennet, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Whoncood, and the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at. Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved,

< e

26 Car. II. 130 — 14

Grievances. Resolved, &c. That the House will Tomorrow Morn-

ing, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Grievances of the Nation,

He port of In- Sir William Coventry reports, That, according to the

formation Order of the House, Sir Thomas Metres, Mr. Garauay, bWubw of anc^ liac* attended the Earl of Shaftsbury, in the

d ury* Matter relating to Mr. Pepis; and, that they had agreed upon a Report, to be presented to the House; which they had put into W riting: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: Which being again read, is as followeth;

THE Earl of Shaftsbury denieth he ever saw an Altar in Mr. Pepis his House, or Lodgings. As to the Crucifix, he saith, he hath some imperfect Memory of seeing somewhat, which he conceived to be a Crucinx.

When his Lordship was asked the Time, he said, It was before the Burning the Office of the Navy.

Being asked concerning the Manner, he said, He could not remember, whether it were painted or carved, or in what manner the Thing was; and, that his Memory was so very imperfect in it, that, if he were upon his Oath, he could give no Testimony.

Sir J. Ordered, That Sir John Banckcs do attend at the Bar

liaurke’s to of this House on Monday Morning next, to inform the auend. House what lie knows of the Matter relating to Mr. Pepis.

Test against Ordered, That Sir Charles Hrheeler, Lord O Brien, Sir

Papists. FJiab Harvey, Mr. Stock dale, Sir John Mounson, Mr.

Lucy, Sir John Botham, Sir Will. Francklyn, Sir Jos. Tre-dinham, Sir Will. Hickman, Mr. King, be ddded to the Committee, to which the Bill for a Test to distinguish between Protestants and Papists, was committed.

Committees, Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued,

be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 14° die Februarii, 1673. Prayers.

Portsmouth A BILL for paving the Streets of Portsmouth; and Streets, 6lc. jt\ erecting an Alms House and Workhouse for the Benefit of the Town, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Newton, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Covert, Mr. Daniell, Sir Fran. Clarke, Colonel Strode, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Will. Coventry, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Mr. Cull;ford, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Dennis, My.Goring y Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Henry Capell, Col. Norton, Sir Robert Dillington, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Moreton, Sir John Knight, Mr. Hall, Mr. ffright, Mr. Strangzcaies, Colonel Mr. Knoicllcs, Sir Z#//c.

Ztf£e, Sir Z/wm. Iiiggons, Sir 7( 77/. Strode, 'Sir John More-ton, Sir Thom. Clag is, Sir John Birkenhead, and all that, serve for Hampshire, Surrey, and Sussex: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Duchy Chamber; and to cause Summons of Notice to the Mayor, and Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Town, and other Proprietors and Persons concerned, to be published in the Church, that they may, come in, and be heard, if they please.

Earl of A Bill for Sale of certain Lands, for Payment of the Newburgh s Debts of the Earl of Newburgh, was read the Second time. u Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Sir Wil-

liam Cere entry, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Wright, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Newton, Sir John Otway, Sir Lancelot Jjoke, Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Will. Doyley, Sir Thom. Clergis, Ma jor General Egerton, Sir Jos. Tredin ham, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Knight, Sir Vuu IX.

0 Februarii. 309

Charles Harbord, Mr. Hall, Dr. Arras, Sir John Newton, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Will. Heywood, Sir Nich. Pelham, -Sir Edw. Hungerford, Colonel Sirangwaies, Col. Strode,

Lord O Brien, Lord Ashley, Lord Aungier, Mr. Hobby, and all that serve for the County of Somerset!: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning Writs Writs of of Habeas Corpus be heard on Monday, Ten of the Clock, after the Debate concerning Mr. Pepis. or^ s#

A Petition of the Woolen-drapers of Essex, Suffolke, Aulnagt Hertford, Huntington, Cambridge, and Bucks, was read; Guty. complaining of Abuses and Exactions in collecting the -Duty of Aulnage.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to prepare and bring in a Bill, to prevent Abuses and Exactions in collecting the Duty of Aulnage; and also to look into the Abuses; and to consider of Expedients for speedy Redress therein; and report their Opinions therein to the House:

And it is referred to Dr. Arras, Mr. Pozrie, Col. Sandys,

Sir rl Yevor Williams, Sir Thomas Iwe, Sir Edw. Masters,

Sir Jos. Tredinham, Mr. Wright, Sir Will. Doyley, Colonel Titus, Sir Will. Strode, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Swinfen, Mr.

Mervell, Sir John Bramstvn, Sir Nich. Ptdley, Sir John Knight, Lord O Brien, Sir 1 Fill. Doyley, Lord Cornbury,

Sir Robert Carre, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir rJ horn. Meres,

Mr. Linfeild, Sir John Lowther, Sir John Holland, Mr.

Jay, Sir Edw. Peering, Sir Nich. Carew, Sir John More-ton, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. 7re-lawmy, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Whor-wood, Mr. Attorney Mount ague, Sir Thom. Littleton,

Sir John Mallet, Colonel Birch, Sir Rich. Ford, and all that serve for the several Counties mentioned in the Petition; or any Three of them.

A Petition of John George, a Member of this House, Privilege, was read; complaining of a Breach of Privilege committed againt the said Mr. George, by one Mr. Barrell a Bencher of the Middle Temple; in seizing and taking Possession of the Chamber ol Mr. George in the Middle Temple, in the Time of Privilege, by Force.

Mr. Glanvill being in Possession of the Chamber, w hen Mr. Barrell took Possession; and being called in; and having given an Account to the House, of his being put in and intrusted in the Possession, by and in the Right of Mr. George;

Resolved, See. That Mr. Barrell, a Bencher, of the,

Middle Temple, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Breach of Privilege, committed against Mr. George, a Member of this House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Grievance* whole House, to take into further Consideration, the Grievances of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee of the whole House, two several Votes and Resolves of the Committee, to be presented to the House: Which were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and are as followeth; viz.

That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Laws, and consider how the King may commit any Subject by his immediate Warrant, as the Law now stands; and report the same to the House: And that a Committee be appointed to consider, how the Law’ now stands, touching Commitments of Persons by the Council Table.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee in this Vote; That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Laws, and consider how the King may commit any Subject by his immediate Warrants, as the Law now stands; and report the same to the House; with

41 the

3io

14* — 16® — 17*

A. 1673.

Commitments by Council Tabic.

the Addition of these Words, therein."

Resolved, See. That the House doth agree with the Committee in this Vote; That a Committee be appointed to consider how the Law now stands, touching Commitments of Persons by the Council Table; with the Addition of these Words, " and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House."

And it is referred to Mr. Sackeverell, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Wallet', Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Mr.

with their Opinions Coriton, Sir Will. Sir John Mallet, Mr. Palmes,

Sir Robert Dillington, Mr. Wharton, Lord Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Jones, Mr. Saclinxroll, Sir Limb Harvey, Sir Robert Carre, Sir CLrAs, Mr. Attorney Mountague, Sir Mr. Morris, Sir

John Ilanmer, Col. Lord Cornbury, Lord

cram, Mr. Panic, Sir Robert , Mr. Sir

Philip Harcourt, Sir Kick. Pedley, Col. Strode, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Trevor, Sir Edz Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Crouch, Sir Doyley, Lord Aungier, Sir Joseph Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir

Cheney, Sir Robert Carre, Sir John Otway, Sir John Birken- Robert Southwell, Mr. Hall, Mr.

head, Sir John Mallet, Sir John Knight, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Geo. Dozening,

Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir John Trevor, Sir Hen. Capell, Col. Sir John Otway: And all that shall come, are to have

Strangwaies, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Voices: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two Newport, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Robert Holt, Sir John of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of

State of Ireland.

Bennet, Col. Strode, Lord O Brion, Sir Lowther, Mr. Powle, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Jos.Tredinham, Sir Robert Thomas, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Robert Southwell, Col. Philipps, Mr. Buscowen, Mr. Sarvyer, Mr. Sir Will. Hick-

man, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; or any Five of them: And they are to meet on Monday next; at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the King’s Council do attend at the said Committee, and be heard.

Ordered, That the House will, on Wednesday next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State and Condition of the Kingdom of Ireland.

Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for Lindsey Level be read To* morrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Lindsey

Level.

Impeachment of Earl of Arlington.

Repairing

Highways.

Committees.

Illegal

Exactions.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Lord lington, be made on Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Lancelott Lake, Mr. Wright, Mr. Garaway, Mr. Clarke, Sir Nick. Pedley, Sir Char. Harbord, Mr. Lucy, Mr. Palmes, he added to the Committee

appointed to inspect the Laws for Repairing the Highways.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill to prevent illegal Exaction of Money from the Subject, he heard on Tuesday Morning, next after the Report concerning the Lord Arlington.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine, of the Clock.

Coal Mea* aurcs, &c.

Regulating

Elections.

Lima, 16° die Februarii, 1673. Praters.

MR. JFright reports from the Committee, to which it was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for regulating the Measures, and preventing the Abuses, in the Sale of Coal and Wood, That the Committee had prepared a Bill, in Pursuance of the Order of the House: Which he delivered in: And the Bill was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill for regulating the Measures, and preventing Abuses in the Sale of Coal and Wood, be read a Second time.

A Bill to regulate Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Second time;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Lord Castlelon, Sir Sir Anth.Irby, Sir John Brampston, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir

Trevor Williams, Sir John Covert, Mr. Sir John

Knight, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. TreUcwney, Mr. Stye, Mr. Morris, Sir John Otway, Sir John Ilotham, Lord Fitzhai'ding, Sir John 20

The House then proceeded in the Matters touching Castleri«eing the Election for Castleriscing: ^e^ion"

And Sir John Banks, attending at the Door, was, ac- an^r 0 cording to the Order of the House, called in: And Mr. being a Pas-Speaker, in the Name of the House, desiring him to give pist. his Answer, w hat Acquaintance he had with Mr. Pep'is, and w hether he used to have Recourse to him at his House, and had ever seen there any Altar, or Crucifix; and whether he knew any thing of his being a Papist, of popishly inclined;

Sir John Bunks gave an Account to the House, That he had known and been acquainted with Mr. several Years, and had often visited, and conversed with him, at the Navy Office, and at his House there, upon several Occasions; and that he never saw', in his House, any Altar, or Crucifix; and that he does not believe him to he a Papist, or that way inclined in the least; nor had any Reason or Ground to think or believe it.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton, or any ether Mem-

ber, that the House shall be informed of, that were present w hen the Lord Shajtsbury spoke the Words relating to Mr. Pcpis, do inform the House what they know of

that Matter.

And Sir Thomas Littleton standing up in his Flace, and giving an Account to the House of the Matter;

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of the Matter, upon the Election for Castleriseing, he adjourned till Saturday next come Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir John Mattett, Vexatiot* Sir Thom. Clergis, Mr. N. Morris, Sir Russell, Mr. ulU‘

Henley, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill to prevent Vexations by Suits at Law, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Philip Harcourt, Lord Sir Anth.Irby, be added to Lord Newburgh's Committee.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning Writs Writs of of Habeas Corpus, be made Tomorrow Morning, Ten ~'lbeai of the Clock. P

M

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowj Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is , 17* die Februar1673.

R. Sawyer reports from the Committee, to: which Writs of the Bill concerning. Writs of Habeas Corpus, was lfabtil* committed, several Amendments, Clauses, anil Provisoes °Ii>u8' agreed to he- made, and added to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which were twice read; and, with some Amendments, agreed, and made at the 'Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso,

26 Car. II. 17" — iS° — 19' Februarii. 311

A Proviso, being tendered to be added to the End of the Bill, was, upon the Question, agreed, with the Addition of these Words, to the End of the Proviso;

" or the Decease of the Person in Prison, or his Delivery out of Prison."

Resolved, &e. That the said Bill, with the Amendments, Clauses, and Provisoes, agreed to, be ingressed.

And it is recommended to Mr. Sawyer to take care of the Imrrossment.

O

yn(Mise Ordered, That the Report of the Election for the

Llcciion. County of Suffolke, be made on Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Impeach- Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee appointed to imut of Earl consider of the Articles against the Earl of Arlington, of Arlington. ^hat goine Difficulties had occurred to the said Committee, whereby they were retarded in their Proceedings; and desired the Direction of the House, whether the Meaning of the House w as, that Proofs Should be made before the Committee; or some other Member, undertaking to produce some Persons who shall prove what is alledged, shall be admitted as Proof, within the Meaning of the said Order.

And the Matter being debated;

Resolved, S. c. That it be re-committed to the former Committee to proceed upon the Articles against the Earl of Arlington, Head by Head; and report particularly to the House, what Proofs or Inducements shall be offered to the Committee, fit for an Impeachment, upon every Head of the said Articles.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die 1673.

Prayers.

Wool Trade. r| H E Bill to prevent Abuses in the Exportation of

X Wool from England and Ireland, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c.That the Bill be committed to Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Morris, Sir John Barnaly, Mr. Maynard, Sit Robert Barncham, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Thomas Allen, Mr. Gwinne, Lord O Brion, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir John Bennett, Sir Thom. Mr. Air.

Collins, Sir John Hanmer, Mr. Hungerjord, Sir Joseph Ash, Lord Aungier, Mr. Morris, Mr. Pill, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Edmond Jenings, Six John Corilon, Mr. Crouch,

Air. Onslow, Sir John Covert, Sir John Knight, Sir

Drake, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Sir Lord Richardson, Sir Hen. Sir John Bramston, Sir

Thom. Lee, Sir Bainham Throgmorton, Dr. Arras, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Sir Ralph

Sir Francis Russell, Sir John Earncly, Sir

Col. Strode, Col. Norton, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Robert Cordell, Sir Hen.Puckering, Sir Air. Wright:

And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Attendant# sir Thomas Clergis reports, and delivers in, from the «f JUtnUrs. Committee appointed for that Purpose, a Bill for the better Attendance of the AIembers of the Commons House in Parliament: Which was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

fleattk- A Bill for explaining the former Acts, and for better moniy Tax. collecting the D uty of Hearth-money, was read the Seco nd time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Air.

Sacheverell, Sir Thom.Lee, Sir Cope, Sir Edw.

Masters, Mr. Morris, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Poole, Sir Robert Air. Attorney General, - Vet. IX.

Sir Robert Howard, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Edm.

Sir John Newton, Sir Edm. Jenings, Mr. Air.

Clauseild, Mr. Sprye, Sir Hen.Puckering, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Robert Carre, Mr. Mullet, Mr. Sir

John Coriton, Sir Win.Lozcther, Col. Strangwaies, Sir

Bainham Throgmorton, Mr. Thom. Morris, Air. moml/ey, Sir Jeo/ery Shakerly, Sir John Hot ham, Sir Holman, Sir Will.Strode, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Duncomb, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Jo Mallet, Mr. May-

nard: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And they are to inspect the former Acts, and compare them with this Bill, that there may be no Incoherence between them; and to consider the Debates of the House: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Francis Barrell Esquire was presented Privilege — to the House.

The Question being put, That the Petition be now custody! read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tfie Petition of Francis Barrell Esquire was read; wherein he does submit himself to the Pleasure of the House, in the Alutter of his Breach of Privilege against Air. George, a Alember of the House; and to deliver up the Possession, and Key of the Chamber, as the House shall direct.

And the House, accepting his Submission, gave Order for his Discharge, paying his L ees, and delivering Possession to Mr. George.

And Air. Barrell being called in; and kneeling at the Bar of the House; Mr. Speaker, having given him a Reprimand for his Breach of Privilege, did declare to him the Order and Pleasure of the House, for his Discharge, upon the Delivery of Possession, and Payment of the Fees.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the state of whole House, to take into Consideration the State and Ireland. Condition of the Kingdom of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the said Committee, that they had proceeded in the said Consideration, and humbly moved from the said Committee, that the House would resolve again into a Committee of the whole House, on Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration thereof.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, on Friday Alorning next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take into further Consideration the State and Condition of the Kingdom of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 19* die Februarii, 1673.

Praters.

A BILL to enable Air. George Gray, and his Bro- Gray’* thevs, to raise Money for Payment of Debts, and Estate. Children's Portions, was read a First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time. 1

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Whitchurch to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing of a Member to serve for the Borough of Whitchurch, in tire room of Henry Wallop, Esquire, lately deceased.

Sir Allen Broderick reports from the Committee, to Ea«e of which the Bill for Ease of Sheriffs, and for the better Sheriff*,&c. passing of their Accounts, was committed, several Alterations and Amendments agreed to be made to the said Bill; Which, he read, with the Coherence, in his

Placet

3

190 — 10° Felruarii.

A \ 1673.

Lindsey

Level.

Suffolk®

Election.

Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which being twice read, and several Amendments being made, and Provisoes added, to the said bill, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, See.That the Bill, with the Amendments, and Provisoes agreed, be ingrossed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill concerning Lindsey Level be read on Saturday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Sir Thomas Mceres reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the State of the Case, and Evidence on both Sides, in the Matter of the Election for the County of Suff'olke; and the several Votes of the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and are as followeth;

That Sir Samuell Barnardiston is well elected a Member

in this present Parliament for the County of

That the Sheriff of Suff'olke do withdraw, and take off the File, the Return of the Lord

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, Tha t Sir Samuell Barnardiston is well elected a IN 1 ember to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Suff 'olke;

The 1 louse divided.

The Noes go out Tellers,

Lord O

Lord StJohns,

Lord Ancram,

Sir Hen.Felton,

1

for the Yeas, 147. for the Noes, 141.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Sheriff of do withdraw, and

takeoff the File, the Return of the Lord

Resolved, Sic. That Mr. Sonnies, the late High Sheriff for the County of Suff 'olke, do attend this House 3o-morro v Morning, to withdraw, and take off the File, the Return of the Lord Huntingtoxcer: And that the Clerk of the Crowm do then also attend with the said Return, in order thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die l6?3.

Prayers.

Westminster

Court of Conscience.

Southwarke Court of Conscience.

Insolvent

Debtors.

ORDERED, That Sir Philip Warwickhave Leave to bring in a Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience

within the City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, for the better Government of the poorer Sort of People.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas have Leave to bring

in a Bill or Bills for erecting a Court of Conscience within the Borough of Southwarke, and other Places within the Bills of Mortality, which are not in the City of London.

Harbord, Sir Robert Dillington, Colonel Strode, Sir John

Coriton, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Stockdale,

Sir John Talbot, Sir Thom. Lee, Mr. Hales, Sir John

Moreton, Sir John Mallett, Lord Ashley, Sir Hey-

wood, Mr . Hungerford, Sir Jo. Tred Mr

Mr. Mallett, Sir Edmond Win ham, Mi Mr.

Cullijord, Sir Edxe.Massey, Colonel Birch, Sir Philip llarcourt, Sir Rich. Temple, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Surrey and Kent: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the After-

noon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And they are to give Notice to the Inhabitants of Croyden; and to send particular Summons to Dr. Clewer, that he may come in, and be

heard: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill against illegal Illegal exacting Money from the Subject, be heard Tomorrow Exaction*. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for a Test, to Test against distinguish between Protestants and Papists, be heard Rapists, on Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the <?tat. of whole House, to take into further Consideration the State Ireland, and Condition of the Kingdom of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the said Committee,

Two Votes and Resolves of the Committee, to be presented to the House: Which were delivered in at the Clerk's 'Fable; and are as follow eth;

That a Commiftee be appointed to inspect the State and Condition of the Revenue of Ireland; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House, as speedily as they may.

'I hat the same Committee do consider of the State of the Religion, and the Militia, of that Kingdom; and report the same, with their Opinions, to the House, as speedily as they may.

The Question being put, For adding the Words " and Forces," alter the Word " Militia," in the last V ote;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, For adding the Words "and examine the Matter of Fact," alter the Word "Kingdom," in the same Vote;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, 1 or adding the Words " how that Kingdom may be best secured," alter the Word " Opinions ;’r

Ordered, That the Quorum of the Committee, to which it is referred to of poor Prisoners for Debt, be Three.

bring in a Bill or Bills for Relief

Cage’s

Estate,

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Mr. Mallet,

Mr. I Puller,

Mr. Progers,

Lord Ancram,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in these Amendments;

It Wits resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Sic. That this House doth agrde with the

for the Yeas, 77. for the Noes, 48.

A Bill for the Sale of certain Lands of Secljhrd Cage Esquire, lying in the Counties of Esses and Cambridge, Committee, that a Committee he appointed to inspect the

Croydon

Vicarage.

to Edward Allans Esquire, lor the Consideration of One thousand F our hundred Pounds, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to provide a perpetual yearly Maintenance for the Vicar of Croydon for the future, and for removing the present Incumbent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Col.

Strangxcaics, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Mr.

Boseowen, Mr. Daniell, Sir John Knight, Sir Irby,

Sir Puke, Masters, Sir Edw. Sir Edm. Jenings, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Dawncy, Sir Lord

Richardson, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. Crouch, Sir Charles - lT

State and Condition of the Revenue of Ireland; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House, as speedily as they may.

Resolved, &c. That the same Committee do consider of the State of the Religion, and the Militia and F orces of that Kingdom; and examine the Matter of F’act; and report the same, with their Opinions, to the House, how that Kingdom may be best secured, as speedily as it may be.

And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Lord O Brien, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Whoncoed, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Will. Coventry, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir

Birkenhead, Sir John Mallctt, Lord Sir Thom.

Clergis,

1

26 Car. II. 20° — 2i° — 23 313

Clergis, Sir Char. TVheeler, Sir Thom. Lee, Lord John, Mr. Garaway, Sir John Duncombe, Sir John Moreton, Lord Aungier, Sir Thom. Meres, Sir Henry Ford, Sir Jos.

Tredinham, Mr. Wright, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Will.

ther, Sir Robert Dillington, Sir John Hotham, Sir Hen. Goodricke, Sir John Lout her, Sir Stephen Fox, Sir Robert Carre, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Mr. Cheney, Colonel

Titus, Colonel Strode, Sir Thom. Higgons, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Edw. Massey, Sir Irby, Sir

Jenings, Mr. Stockdale, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Hickman, Sir Winston Churchill, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Waller, Sir John Trevor, Sir Edw. Mr. Hopkins, Sir

Phil. Wanoick, Sir Thom.Littleton, Sir George Downing, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Will. Sir John Talbot, Sir

Robert Howard, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mr. Trelawney,

Sir Philip Harcourt, Lord Ancram, Mr. Sir John

Mounson, Sir John WcrdenSir llobert 'Thomas, Colonel Strangzcaies, Sir Lancelot Lake, Lord Gorge, Mr. Price, Mr. t’ullijbrd, Mr. Progers, Lord Sir Fred.

Hide, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Mr. Mr.

King, Mr. Collingzrood, Mr. Stuart, Sir Geo.

Sir Gilbert Gerard, Capt. Herbert: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Suffolk The Clerk of the Crown, and the late High Sheriff for

Return the County of Suffolk, attending, according to the Order amended. of t]ie House; the said Sheriff did withdraw and take off the File, the Return of the Lord and the

Clerk of the Crown amended the Return of Sir Samuell Barnardiston.

Committees. The Question being put, That all Commitees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 21° 1673.

Lindsey \ BILL concerning Lindsey Level, was read a First Level. x\_ time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Illegal Mr. Hungerford reports from the Committee to which

Exactions, the Bill to prevent illegal exacting Money from the Subject, was committed, several Alterations and Amendments agreed to be made and added to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which, being twice read, and some Amendments being made at the Clerk’s Table, were, upon the Question, agreed.

A Clause being tendered, to be added to the Bill; which, being twice read, and amended, was, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clause agreed to, be ingrossed.

Privilege — A Motion being made on the Behalf of Mr. How, that Presentment he and Sir Scroop How, might have the Leave of this tlr Riot^15 House to go into the Country, to make their Defence against a Presentment of a Riot alleged to be committed by them: But the said Presentment being made within the Time of Privilege of Parliament, the House thinking it not fit, that their Members Should be withdrawn from the Service of the House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter relating to Mr. How, and Sir Scroope How; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Vol. IX.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Pri- Privilege, vileges and Elections, the Matter of Breach of Privilege, in arresting the menial Servant of Sir John That they had examined the Matter of Fact; and found, that Henry White, and # Colvert, w ere guilty of the said Breach of Privilege; and also of speaking contemptuous Words against the Honour and Dignity of this House; and had agreed upon these Votes: Which he read, and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Which are as followeth, viz.

That Ile.nry White is guilty of a Breach of Privilege, in arresting and detaining Captain Manning, the menial Servant of Sir John Coriion, a Member of this House; and in uttering contemptuous Words against the Honour and Dignity of the said House:

That Colvert is guilty of a Breach of Privilege in arresting and detaining Captain Manning, the menial Servant of Sir John Corriton, a Member of this House; and in uttering such contemptuous Words against the Honour and Dignity of the said House.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Sec. That Henry White be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer his Breach of Privilege, in arresting and detaining the menial Servant of Sir John Coriionand in uttering contemptuous Words against the Honour and Dignity of this House.

Resolved, See. That Colvert be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, to answer his Breach of Privilege, in arresting and detaining Captain Manning, the menial Servant of Sir John Coriion; and in uttering contemptuous fiords against the Honour and Dignity of this House.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Chichester Privileges and Elections, the State of the Case, and Evi- Election, dence on both Sides, in the Matter of the Election for the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex; and the Vote of the Committee: Which he read, and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Which is as l'olloweth; viz.

That Mr. May is well elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. May is well elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City of chester.

An ingrossed Bill concerning Writs of Habeas Corpus, Writs of was read the Third time: And there being no Brief Habeas ready, whereby Mr. Speaker might open the Contents Corpus, of the Bill to the House;

Ordered, That the Opening of the Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Linux, 23° die Februarii, 1673.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker opens the ingrossed Bill for the speedy Writs of Relief of Prisoners detained for criminal Matters. Habeas Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Corpus. Title be, An Act for the speedy Relief of Prisoners detained for criminal Matters.

And Mr. Sawyer is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Powle reports from the Committee to which the Duty on Law Bill for the better ascertaining the Duty upon Proceed- Proceedings, ings at Law, was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which Amendments were twice read; and, with an Alteration made to

4 K th»

3*4

23'

the Provisb, at the Table, was; upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed for, be ingrossed.

240 Peb% — 16° Nov. — 130 . 1673-5.

Ltave of Absence.

24* die Februarii^ 1673.

Prayers.

AP ETIT 10 N of several' Brewers and Distillers of importing the City of London, was read. irandy.

Resolved, &c. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Importation of Brandy: And it is recom-Westminster A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience within the mended to the Lord Cornbury to bring in the Bill.

science! C°n* City of Westminster and Liberties thereof, was read, science. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time,

in a full House

Ordered, That Mr. Daiiiell have the Leave of this House, to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Hungerfotd reports from the Committee to whom Earl of New-

T«st to be taken by Members.

Trials of Peers,

Sir Nicholas Carew reports, and delivers in a Bill, from the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill for a Test to be taken by the Members of both Houses: Which Bill was read a First time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, for the better regulating the Trials of the Peers of England, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

Sir Thomas Meres,

Mr. Herbert,

Sir John Rolles,

Sir Copleston Bampfeild,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Soc. That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Sevennight.

\ For the Yeas, 179. For the Noes, 10G.

Laws made Ordered, That the Report from the Coihmittee ap-in Scotland, poised to inspect the Laws of Scotland, be made Tomorrow, after the Reading of the Bill for a Test for both Houses.

the Bill to enable the Countess of Newburgh to sell Lands, burgh’; was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Com- E,tat#-mittee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Mallet reports from the Committee to whom Morland’i Sir Samuel Mor lands Bill was committed, several Amend- W ater En-ments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: #"*’ Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where they were once read: And the Amendments to the Clause marked (B), being read a Second time, were, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed unto.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Message t«

Usher of the Black Rod; *""1 ,l"

Mr. Speaker, K"*

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately, in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Parliament up to the House of Lords, to attend his Majesty: Where prorogued, his Majesty was pleased to prorogue both Houses of Parliament, to the Tenth Day of November next.

State of Ireland.

Ordered, That Captain Harbord, Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Sherwood, Sir Henry,

Lord Castleton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Weld, be added to

the Committee to which tire State of the Kingdom of Ireland is committed.

Piscary __ Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for Preservation. $>reservation of the Piscary in the Rivers of Seveme, Avon, and Teame, was committed, be revived; and do sit on Wednesday next, in the Place formerly appointed: And that Mr. Weld and Mr. Oakley be added to the said Committee.

Call of the House.

Resolved, &c. That the Calling-over the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 10" die Novembris, 1674.

TilE House being, by his Majesty, prorogued to Parliament this Day; and his Majesty having, by his Pro- further proclamation, signified His Pleasure to prorogue the Par- roSued* liament until the Thirteenth Day of April next;

And the House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Edxv. Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords commissionated by His Majesty, desire the Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords: And the King’s Commission of Prorogation being read, the House was accordingly prorogued till the Thirteenth Day of April next.

Message to attend the "Kitog.

Tht King’* Speech reported.

Martis, 13* die , 1675.

Prayers.

MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Edteard Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House'to attend Him immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker, and the House, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended the King in the House of Lords; 'and that His Majesty had been

23

pleased to let him have a Copy of His Speech: Which Mr. Speaker read to the House, and is as followeth.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THE principal End of My calling you now, isto-know, what you think may be yet wanting to the Security df "Religion and Property; and :to give Myself the Satisfaction of having used the utmost of My Endeavours to procure and settle a right and lasting Understanding between us; for I must tell you, I find the contrary so much laboured; and, that the pernicious Designsof ill Men have taken so much Place under specious Pretences, that it is high Time terbe watchful in preventing their Contrivances; of which -it is not the least, that they would, by all the

Means

z7Car. I1. 1$° JpfHis. 315

Means they can. devise, wake it kopraotieaMe any longer to continue this present Parliament: For that Reason, 1 confess, I cannot think such have any good Meaning, to, Me: And therefore, when I consider, how much the greatest Part of this Parliament have either Themselves, or Fathers, given Me Testimony of their Affections and I<oyahy, I Should be extreme loth to oblige those Enemies, by parting with such Friends; and they may be assured, that none shall be able to recommend themselves to Me by any other Way, than their good Services. I have done as much as on My Part was possible, to extinguish the Fears and Jealousies of Popery; and will leave nothing undone, that may shew the World My Zeal to tire Protestant Religion, as it is established in the Church of England; from which I will never depart. I must needs recommend to you the Condition of the Fleet, which I am not able to put into that Estate it ought to be; and which will require so much Time to repair and build, that I Should be sorry to see this Summer, and consequently a whole Year, lost, without providing for it

The Season of the Year will not permit any long Session; nor would I have called you now, but in Hopes to do something that may give Content to all My Subjects; and to lay before you the Consideration of the Fleet; for I intend to meet you again in Winter. In the mean time I earnestly recommend to you all, such a Temper and Moderation in your Proceedings, as may tend to unite us all in Council and Affections; and disappoint the Expectations of those who can hope only by violent and irregular Motions to prevent the bringing of this Session to an happy Conclusion.

The rest I leave to the Lord Keeper.

Allies on The Question being propounded, That the Thanks of K ng'» the House be returned to His Majesty, for His gracious Speech;

The Question being put, That the Debate thereof be now adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers } For the Yeas, 91.

j.For, he Noe, ,8o.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine contraThat the humble and

hearty Thanks of this House be returned to His Majesty, for His gracious Promises and Assurances expressed in His Speech, to preserve and maintain us in the established Religion, and our Properties, according to Law; and for His Calling us together at this Time, for that Purpose.

Resolved, &c. That the House will go in a Body, to return their Thanks to his Majesty: And such Members ’ of this House, as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, are desired to know His Pleasure, when He will be attended therewith.

Augmenting A Bill for Augmentation of small Vicarages, §c. was \ icuraus. read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do

Committees. pit every Monday, at Two of the -Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances dp sit every Wednesday, at Two of the Clpck in the

Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand-Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the House, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon,

New Writ* Ordered, That Mr. ^Speaker do issue Warrants to the ii*ued. Clerk of the Crown,-to make out Wnits.for Election

Vo l.IX.

Member^ in nR Places vaca^ by Dead), Removal, where there was do, Claim, depending.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaks do issue out bjs Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member so serve as Knight of the Shire, for the County of Wilts, in the room of the ^ord, CoXHr bury, called up to the House of Loijds.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member, to serve for the Borough of Hartford, in the room of the Lord deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker <jfo issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Norjblkc, in the ropm of the Lord Richardson, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out hie Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to servo for Lynn Regis in the County of Norfolke, in the room of Sir Francis called up to die House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out, his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for the City of Gloucester, in the room of Sir Edxvard Massey, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for the City of Bath in the County of Sonicrselt, in the room of Sir Francis

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for the Borough of the Devises in the County of Wilts, in die room of Edxvard Beuys Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of die Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member, to serve for the Borough of theroxve in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Colonel Pudsey, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for the County of Carnarvon, in the room of Sir Richard Wynn, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for die Borough of Newcastle Under Line, in the room of Edu ard Maynxear 'ing, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for the City of Lincolne, in the room of Sir John Afonson, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for the Borough of in the County of Herefford, in the room of Sir Thomas Tompkins, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for the Village o Magna in the County of Lincoln in the, room of Colonel Hollis, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve for the County of Northampton, in the room of Sir Justinian Lsham, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out Iris Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow-n, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve for . the County of Southampton, in the room of the Lead St.Johns, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr..Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to [serve for Abingion in the County of Berkes, in the room of Sir George Stonehouse, deceased.

Ordered,

3i<S

13* — 140 Aprilis.

A. 167

0*

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privi- And it is referred to Mr. Sir Wm. Coventry,

fPrivileges, leges be appointed of these Members following; viz. Sir Sir Richard Foord, Sir Samuell Mr.

Thomas Meeres, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Sir Richard Everrard, Sir James Smith, Sir Wright, Sir Lancelott Lake, Sir Baynham Throgmorton, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Pettus, Sir John Birkenhead,

Mr. Mallett, Mr. Price, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Secretary Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Coventry, Mr. Maynard, S'irRichard Ford, Co\one\Strang- John lowther, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Sacheverall, Sir xoayes, Sir Cirrill Wych, Mr. Walter Chetwind, Lord^n- Thomas Clergis, Sir Edward Sir

cram, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Coventry; or any Three of them: And they Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Robert Holmes, TS/lr.Ser)eai\tMaynard, are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Colonel Gilby, Sir Wm.Coventry, Mr. Secretary William- Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

son, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Mr. Nicholas Morris, Sir John Coventry, Mr. Hugh Boscowen, Mr Weld, Sir John Bram-

ston, Mr. Edward Boscowen, S'nPhillippWarwick, Mr. Tho.

Morris, Mr. Russell, Sir John Shawe, Sir Sollo. Swale, Sir

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed, to in- Repairing spect the former . Laws for repairing and maintaining Highways. Highways; and consider wherein they are defective; and

Samuell Bcrnerdiston, Major Broxholme, Mr. Pmvle, Sir to prepare and bring in a Bill for the effectual Repairing Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Graham, Mr. Clerke, Sir GilbertGer- and Maintaining thereof: rard, Mr. Roberts, Lord Angier, Mr. Garraway, Sir Tho. And it is referred to Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Anthony Lee, Colonel Sandis, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. Byde, Major Mr. Cheney, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Thomas

Gener&\Egerton, S\rNicholasCareiv, Mr. Glascock, S\rWm. Sir Nicholas Carew, Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir John Pettus,

Hartopp, Sir John Hanmer, Mr. Peircy Goring, Sir

Thomas, Sir John Woerden, Mr. Sir Thomas Dolman, Sir Fran. Russell, S'xrEdzv.Deering, Sir

Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Stewart, Sir Richard Temple, Col.

Legg, Sir Courtney Poole, S'nJeoffry Shakerley, Mr. Spry, Mr. Child, Colonel Whitley, Sir Robert Barnham, Sir

chard Wiseman, Sir Nicho.Slaning, Mr. Palmes, S\rJohn

Heath, Mr. Laurence Hyde, Sir Sir

Irby, Sir Edward Harley, Sir John Pettus: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber; and to meet every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday: And to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the first Place; and report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House. And all Persons that will question Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so in Fourteen Days, after any new Return shall be brought in And the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions; and to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and to make Report of any 1\latter, which may concern Breach of Privilege, with their Opinions therein. And all Members that are returned for Two or

Sir Lancelott Lake, Sir Bainham Throckmorton, Sir Tho.

Allen, Mr. Russell, Mr. Cholmondly, Mr. Crouch, Sir Richard Everrerd, Sir Jeojfry Shakerley; or any Three of them: And they are to meet Tommorrow', at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Information being given to the House, that Sir John privilege — Prettiman,a Member of this House, is detained Prisoner Detention of in the Prison of the King's Bench; a Member.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench do bring Sir John Prettiman Tommorrow’ Morning to this House, together with the Cause of his being detained in Prison, from the Attendance of this House.

A Bill for the Augmentation of small Vicarages, 8$c. was read a Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Jenkins, Sir

John Morton, Sir/f71 Ham Lowther, Mr.

Sir John Lou tlier. Sir Thomas Clergis, Mr. Stockday/e, Sir Soltoman Swale, Sir Wm.Doyley, Mr. Nicholas Alorris, Sir Nicholas Canw, Sir John Bramston, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Serjeant Seise, Mr. Sir Antho.

Irby, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Maynard, Sir John

Augmenting

Vicarages.

more Places, to make their Elections by this Day Three , Sir Lee, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Serjeant

Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place. And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return or Matter of Privilege of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter which concerns himself, is in Debate.

Order to Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do give Order to the Clerk Clerk of the of the Crown, to take care, that the Writs for Elections Crown. of new Members be delivered to the Sheriff, or proper Officer.

Writs for -Durham.

A Debate arising, concerning the Issuing out of Writs for the Choice of Members to serve for the City and County of Durham-,

Resolved, That the same be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to consider thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

HjSf t

k

King appoints to be attended.

Mercurii, 14*. Aprilis, 1675.

MR. Secretary Coventry reports from the King, That He had appointed the House to attend Him at

Bills depending last Session.

appointed

Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Banqueting up the Reasons and Grounds of the Address: And that it House at Whitehall, with the Address of Thanks. be referred to Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Meeres, Mr. Powle,

Sir Tho.Littleton, Sir Robert Thomas, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed, to view Russell, Lord Ancram, Mr. Weld, Sir Leoline Jenkins, Sir the Bills which were depending last Session; and see Mr. Sir Mr.

which of them are useful; and represent such as are Garraway, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Cheney, Lord Caven-most necessary, with their Opinions, to the House: dish, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Buscowen, Sir John Birkenhead,

25 Sir

j

Maynard, Sir Edu ard Deering, Sir John Shawe, Mr.

Thom. Morris, Mr. Crouch: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Copy of a Record of a Parliament Roll of 2° Ric. Production of Ildi. being tendered; and a Translation thereof read to Rolls of the House; and a Debate arising thereupon, touching Far laratnt-the Translation and Printing thereof;

Resolved, Scc. That the Debate thereof be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock: And, that the Keeper of the Records of the Tozver do then attend with the original Record.

And Copies of Records of Parliament Rolls of the 36 of Edward the Third, and of the 4th of Henry the Fourth, be also tendered to the House;

Resolved, &c. That the Keeper of the said Records do also attend Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, with the said original Records.

Resolved, &c. That an Address be presented to his Address for Majesty, to remove the Duke of Lauderdale from all his removing the Employments, and from His Presence and Councils, for ®uke of ever; being a Person obnoxious and dangerous to the ^auderda*-Government.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed, to draw

7 Car. II. 14’ — 15" — 16° Aprilis. 317

Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Serjeant Jones; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

of Southwarke, and other Places within the Bills of,

tality, which are not in the City of London.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Affidavit*, taking Affidavits in the Country, to be returned into the . Exchequer, and all other Courts, wherein there is no Provision for that Purpose already made.

i'i.

f*1

Post Meridiem.

The House THE House being met, in order to the Attending on

sttends the the King with the Address of Thanks;

King.

Adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 15* die , 1675.

Praters.

Aulnage A PETITION of several Woollen Drapers of

Duty. ii Essex and Suffolk, and other Places; complaining

of Abuses and Exactions in collecting the Duty of Aulnage, was read.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and what Abuses and Exactions they find in collecting the Duty of Aulnage; and to consider of Expedients for Redress therein; and report the State of the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And it is referred to Sir John Brampston, Sir Charles Wheeler, Col. Lord O Bryan, Colonel

Strangewayes, Mr. Sauyer, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir

George Downeing, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr. Slockdale, Mr. Nicholas Morris, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Geo.How, Sir Chr. Mu Lord S\v Win-

ston Churchill, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Spry, Sit lien. Capell, Sir Nico. Carew, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Holland, Sir

John Henmer, Mr. Foote, Mr. Crouch, Lord Mr. Greenvile, Sir Richard Everrard, Sir William Doyley, Colonel Strode, Mr. Chetwynn, Sir Tho. Holman: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Star Chamber.

The original Records of the Rolls of Parliament of PoIls of Pnr-the 2 of R. the II. N. 28. the 36 of Ed. III. N. 9. and *>ro*

the of H. IVth, N. 56. being brought in, according to the Order of the House; and read at the Clerk’s Table; and a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate be adjourned to this Day Sevennight, Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon:

Ana that it be referred to a Committee to translate into English, such Part of the Rolls of Parliament of 2 Rich. II.

N. 28. 36° Edward III. N. 9. and 4 IV. N. 56. as

hath been now read; and search, whether the same be upon the Statute Rolls, or not.

And it is referred to Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Serjeant Sets,

Mr. Powle, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir JVm.Coventry, Sir John

Hanmer, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Bramston, Mr. Serjeant

Maynard, Sir Nick. Pedley, Mr. Sa Mr. Garra-

way, Sir Joseph Trtddenham, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Eliah Harvy, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; or any Three of them.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Aprilis, 1675.

Prayers.

MR. Crouch reports, That the Committee, appointed Recovery of to peruse the Bills depending last Session; and Tythe*. which were most necessary to be proceeded in; that the Committee had at present considered of a Bill for the Repair of Churches, and Recovery of small Tythes.

The Bill for Repair of Churches, and Recovery of small Tythes, was read the First time:

Resolved, Scc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reports from the King, That he had at-Address. tended his Majesty Y esterday, with the Address of Thanks of this House: And that his Majesty had returned this Answer;

" That He had a great Confidence in this House of Commons: And that the House might be confident, that He would always preserve them in the Established Religion, and in their Liberties and Properties."

Privilege. — The Marshal of the King's Bench being called into the Detention of House, to give an Account of the Order, sent to him, Member. bring Sir John Prettiman to the House; and having given an Account, why he had not at present obeyed the Order;

And being withdrawn;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, See. That the Matter of Sir Joh?i s

Case, a Member of this House, being detained a Prisoner in the King's Bench,.and thereby hindered from attending

the Service of the House, be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to take the same into their Consideration, the first Business this Afternoon; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, therein, to the House: And such Members of this House as are of the Long Robe, are to attend the said Committee.

Mt of Ordered, That the Committee to whom it is referred Lauderdale, to draw up the Reasons and Grounds relating to the Duke of Lauderdale, be impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Westminster Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Court of Bills for the erecting a Court of Conscience, within the Conscience. Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, for the better Government of the poorer Sort of People.

Southwark* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Bills Conscience ^or erect'no a Court of Conscience, within the Borough

A Bill to prevent Exportation of Wool out of England Exporting and Ireland, into foreign Parts, was read. Wool.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, 8ec. That a Committee be appointed, to Inferior consider of a Way, and to bring in a Bill or Bills, to re- Courts-gulate the Abuses of the Hundred and County Courts, and other inferior Courts; and to lessen the Number, and prevent the Abuses, of Attornies and Solicitors, and their vexatious and extravagant Proceeding: And it is referred to Mr. Cheney, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Penile, Mr.

Serjeant Jones, Mr. Serj. Seis, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Hen.

Ford, Sir Edward Deering, Mr, Serj. Maynard, Sir Holland, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Tho. Morris, Sir Hen-more, Sir Robert Wright, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Nicholas Pedley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Spry,

Air. Stockdale, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir John Knight, Mr. Strangwaycs, Col. Strangzcayes, Col. Strode, Mr. Lind-feild, Mr. Apreice, Sir Lionell Walden, Sir Henry Good-rick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, See. That the House will resolve into a Com- Suppressing mittee of the whole House, to consider of effectual Ways Popery, for the Suppressing the Growth of Popery.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the said Committee,

Two Votes and Resolves of the Committee, to be presented to the House: Which were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Sec. That the House be moved to direct some Alembers for to bring in a Bill to hinder Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament.

4 L,

'i

Papists net to sit in Parliament.

Suppressing

Popery.

Footmen not to be, on Stairs.

Compton’s

Estate.

Rushoufs

Nat.

Winding Wool, &e.

Exporting

Leather.

Newarke

Election.

318 16* — 17° — 19^ Aptiiis, A* 1675.

Resolved, &c. That the House b&movedto direct some Committee of Elections and Privileges; to take the Mat-Members, for to bring in a Bill for the more easy and ter into Consideration on Monday Three Weeks next; and

speedy Discovery and Conviction of Papists: And that, to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House:

in such Bill, be inserted a Clause, That the Penalties kid For which Propose they are impowered to §it on that Day. upon Papists Convict, shall be applied to the buying-in

Impropriations, or to some other good or pious Use: A Petition of Robert Benson Esquire was read. Aldborough

And that a Clause, or Test, be inserted, to distinguish Resolved, That this Petition be referred to the Election*

Papists in the Conviction from Non-Conformists. Committee of Privileges and Elections; to take Conside-

The Question being put, That the Word others," ration of Regularity of the Return for the Borough

after the Word " from," and before the Word " Non- of Aldborough,;, and to report the Matter, vhh their

Conformists," be inserted into the said Vote; Opinions therein, to the House.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Com- Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Sacheverell, to illegal mittee with this Amendment; bring in a Bill, on Monday, to prevent illegal Exactions Exaction*.

It was resolved in the Affirmative. of Money from the Subject

Resolved, &c. That some Members be directed to bring in a Bill to hinder Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That some Members be also directed to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Discovering and Conviction of Papists: And that in such Bill be inserted & Clause, that the Penalties laid upon Papists Convict, shall be applyed to the buying-in Impropriations; or to some other good or pious Use: And that a Clause or Test be inserted, to distinguish Papists, in the Conviction, from others, Non-Conformists.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill to prevent Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament: And, that it be referred to Sir Tho. Meers, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Goodrich, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Warwick, Sir27/o. Lee, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Stockdayle, Sir Joseph Trc-dinham, Mr. Serjeant Seis, Sir Sir Sollo.

Swale, Mr. Rigby, Sir Edw.; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, &c. That the House do again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, to consider of effectual Ways for the Suppressing the Growth of Popery.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do take care to keep the Stairs and Passage to the House free from Lacqueys and Footmen; and that no Footman or Lacquey do stand or remain idly upon the Stairs: Wherein, if any of them shall transgress, that then the Serjeant at Arms do take them into Custody, and give an Account thereof to the House: And the Officers belonging to the Knight Marshal are to assist him herein.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Suppressing whole House, further to consider of effectual Ways for l’opery. suppressing the Growth of Popery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Meres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had agreed several further Resolves, as Heads or Instructions for a Bill for the more easy and speedy Discovery and Conviction of Papists: Which being delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and are as followeth;

Resolved, &c. That in such Bill a Clause shall be inserted, for Payment of a considerable Reward to any Person or Persons that shall discover a Papist Priest, who, upon Trial, shall be proved to be so; to be paid, by the Persons to whom he shall be proved to have said Mass; or by such as have wittingly received, succoured, or entertained such Popish Priest.

Resolved, &c. That he shall be esteemed a Popish Priest, who shall be proved to have said Mass, or officiated either in this Realm, or in any foreign Country, in the Manner of a Priest, according to the Rites or Use of the See of Rome, if such Priest be not reconciled to the Church of England: And that these Votes shall not prejudice the Laws now in being, concerning Popish Priests.

Resolved, &c. That Penalties be laid on all that are proved to have remained where any such Papist Priest was saying Mass, or officiating in the Manner of a Priest, according to the Use of the See of Rome.

Resolved, &c. That the House do again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to consider further effectual Ways for the Suppressing the Growth of Popery.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 17* die1675.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable Sir Francis Compton and others, to make Sale of the Manor of Hamerton, in the County of Huntington, w'as read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Naturalization of Alice Rushout an Infant, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent Deceits in the Winding and Packing of Wool, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Reviving and Continuing a former Act for the Exportation of Leather, w'as read the First time. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Mr. Savile and Sir Paule Neale, returned Burgesses for Newarke, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the 24

Luna, 19* die Aprilis, 1675.

Prayers.

TO Ramis Forbis did this Day take the Oaths of Alle-* giance and Supremacy before the Speaker, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool from E>/g-land and Ireland, was read the Second time. Wool?"*

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Knight, Mr. Rigby, Sir Edward Masters, Sir ston, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Phill. MSir Tho. Dolman, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Covert, Mr. Mr.

Westjaling, Lord Allington, Mr. Apreice, Sir ing, Mr. Robert Wright. Sir Tho. Peyton, Mr. Lord

Obryan, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Robert Carr, Colonel wayes. Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Robert Barnham, Sir John Holland, Sir Moreton, Mr. Linfield, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Cheney, Mr.

Whittacre, Sir John Leather, Mr. Stockdayle, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr. Morgan,

Sir Edm.Jenings, Mr* Hobby, Sir RCardall, Sir

Gerrard,

o

ay^CAK.II.

Gerrard, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Major G^er^kLartgheihm, Lord Angier, Sir Fra. DDoctor Arris, Sir Courtney

Poole, Sir Sollo. Swayle, Colonel SkJohn

and all that serve for any of the Port Towns: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Altemoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Winding A Bill to prevent Deceits in the Winding and Packing Wool, &c. of Wool, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Chancery A Bill to enlarge a Passage and Way going between Lane, kc. Chancery Lane and Lincolns. Inn Fields, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Illegal im- A Bill to prevent the Sending of His Majesty’s Sub-prisonment. jects Prisoners into Parts beyond the Seas, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Liberty of A Bill for Relief of Prisoners detained for criminal the Subject. Matters, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Illegal A Bill to prevent illegal Exaction of Money from the

Exactions. 'Subject, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill to prevent illegal Exaction of Money from the Subject, be read a Second time, on Monday next, after Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Address re- Resolved, 8cc. That an humble Address be presented to calling sub- hj5 Majesty, for the speedy Recalling of all his Subjects french m home out of the French King’s Service; and for hindering mice. any more from going over into that Service for the fiiture: And that such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, are desired to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Marl is. ,20° 1675.

Praters.

Compton's A BILL to enable Sir Francis Compton, and others,

Estate. jfx to make Sale of the Manor of Hamer ton in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be committed to Sir Trever, Mr. Cheney, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. C/erke, Sir John Covert, Mr. West fating, Sir Nicholas Pedley, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Spry, Sir Talbott, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Geo. Mvuntaguc, Sir John Sir Thomas Dole-

man, SirGeo. Donning, Sir Sir

Poole, Sir John Holland, Sir Franc. Drake, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Tho. Morris, Mr. Herbert, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Sir John Newton, Mr. Otxcay, Mr. Tulse, Sir John Nicholas, Mr. Apreice, Mr. Hopkins, Mr., Hampden, Col. Sands, Sir Thomas Hanmer, Sir John Hanmore, and all that serve for the Counties of Huntington and Northampton: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

inferior Ordered, That the Committee to which the Matter

Court’. was referred to bring in a Bill or Bills for regulating Abuses in inferior Courts, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And that it be referred to the Committee, or any Three of them, to bring in such Bill or Bills: And Mr. Basem en, Sir Charles Harbord, and Sir Lane. Lake, be added to the said Committee.

jtumrj of The Bill for Repair of Churches, and Recovery of

small Tythes, was read the Second time.

Vox.. IX.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to&e Bill and

twice read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill and Proviso be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Mr. Crouch, Sir Jenkins, Sir Aiith. Irby, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Thomas Aden, Sir John Sir Courtney

Poole, Mr. Anslffw, Sir Richard Evtrrard, Sir

bott, Mr. Tho. Morris, Sir John Brampston, Mr. verell, Sir Edward Decring, Colonel Kirby, Sir Edmond

Wyndham, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Whittacre, Sir Cha.

Wheeler, Mr. Garraway, Sir Elyab Harvey, Sir Thomas

Bide, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Rigby, Sir

Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Edward Masters, Sir John MaUett,

Sir John Holland, Sir John Covert, Sir Edm. Jenins, Sir Phill. Warwick, Sir Nicholas Pedley, Mr. HopMr.

Nicholas Morris, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Col.

wayes. Sir John Ernley, Mir. Ckrke, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Culle/brd, Mr. Sir John

Pettus, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Samuel Bemerdiston, Mr.

Spry, Col. Sands, Sir Csrril Wich, Sir Franc. Drake, Sir Thom. Clergis, Sir Tho. Littleton, Col. Strode, Sir John Morton, Mr. Robert Wright: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Restraint of Building, Inmates, and Inclo- Restraining sures near to the Cities of London and Westminster, was Buildings, read the I’irst time.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be withdrawn: And that a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a new Bill, upon the Debates of the House, to restrain the further Increase of Buildings near the Cities of and

Westminster; and to remedy the Inconveniences occasioned thereby: And that it be referred to the same Committee, to inspect the Statutes relating to the Relief of the Poor; and of the Statute of 5* Eliz. and all other Laws which relate thereto; and to bring in a Bill to redress such Inconveniences as they find in these Matters; viz. Mr.

Sacheverell, Captain Jones, Sir PhWarrrick, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Char. Harbord, Air.

Garraway, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Child, Air.

Afr. Mallett, S'wAnth. Irby, Col. Sir

Sir Thomas Allen, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Hopkins, Air.

Buscmven, Mr. Cheney, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Thom.

Clergis, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Fre-

derick, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir John MaUett, Sir Nich.

Carcw, Sir Nich.Pedley, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Meeres,

Air. Thynn, Mr. Spry, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Robinson;

or any Three of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That His King ap, Majesty had appointed the House to attend with the Ad- points to b» dress to His Majesty, Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock attended, in the Afternoon, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve into a Com- suppressing mittee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, at Ten Popery, of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of effectual Ways for suppressing the Growth of Popery.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Pri- privilege — vileges and Elections, the State of the Alatter relating to Detention of Sir Jo. Prettimans being detained Prisoner in the King's 8 Member, Bench Prison, and thereby hindered for attending the Service of the House; and Two Votes, agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place: and delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which are a3 followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Prebe delivered out of the Custody of the Alarshal of the King's Bench, to attend the Service of this House.

Resolved,&c. That Sir John Prettiman be delivered from such Custody, by sending the Serjeant at Arms attending on this House, with the Mace, to bring him to the Service of this House.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

The

Privilege,

Roufthout’s

Nat.

Recovery

Tythes.

Exporting

Leather.

340

The House divided.

The Noes go forth, rp , /Mr.

Tellers,|gjr jym Coventry,

20° — 2i° Aprilis.

A. 1675.

J Col. Strangwayes, ’/Sir W

For the Noes, 67. For the Yeas, 143.

Tellers, |gjr j^m Portman,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Prettiman be delivered

are concerned in the Working of Leather; and to consider how to prevent the Importation of Boots and Shoes made in foreign Parts.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee of Privilege, Privileges and Elections, to examine the Breach of Privilege committed against the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in arresting him within a Week alter the

out of the Custody of the Marshal of the King's Bench, Prorogation; and to report the Matter, with their Opi-

to attend the Service of this House.

Resolved, See. That Sir John Prettiman be delivered from such Custody, by sending the Serjeant at Arms attending on this House, with toe Mace, to bring him to the Service of this House.

A Complaint being made, on the Behalf of Sir John Treoer, a Member of this House, That several Declarations in Ejectment have been delivered to his Tenants of

nions therein, to the House.

A Bill for opening a Passage between Chancery Lane Chancery and Lincoln's Inn Fields, was read the Second time. Lane, &c.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Nicholas Slatting, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Robert

Sir Wm. Smith, Mr. James, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John

the Manors of Stocklash and Horton in the County Pa- Talbott, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Irby, Sir Capell,

latine of Chester, during his Attendance on the Service of this House, since the Time of Privilege;

Ordered, That all Proceedings at Law thereupon be stayed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do send his Letter, to stop the said Proceedings, accordingly.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Matter of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine the same; and to report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr.WestJaling, SirJohn Brampston, Sir rave,

Mr. Love, Mr. Rigby, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr. Nicholas Morris, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Jones, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Tho. Morrice, Sir Cha. Cotterell, Mr. Tho. Wright, and all that serve for Middlesex, Westminster, and London: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Suppressing ... . _ whole House, further to consider of effectual Ways for Popery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow 3UppreSsing the Growth of Popery.

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21° die Aprilis, 1675.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Lee took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Lee, reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had agreed several further Resolves, as Heads or Instructions for a Bill for the more easy and speedy Discovery and Convictions of Papists: Which being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and twice read; which are as follow eth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That a Clause be inserted in the Bill

Praters.

A BILL, for the Naturalization of Alice Roushout,

A was read a Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Edward Masters, Lord Ancram, Sir John Brampston, for the more easy and speedy Discovery and Conviction Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Anth.Irby, Sir John Covert, Sir John of Papists, to regulate and restrain the Attorney General Hotham, Mr. Robert Wright, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Culleford, from entering nonvult prosequi, upon such as

Mr. Stockdayle, Sir Franc. Russell, Sir EliabHarvy, Mr. shall be returned Papist Recusants convict, into the Weld, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Char. Wheeler, Mr. Finch, Exchequer.

Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Wm. Tirringham, Mr. Spry, Mr. Resolved, That a Clause be inserted in the Bill, for

Daniell, Sir Tho.Lee, Mr. Garrccway, Sir Wm. Coventry: the more effectual Prosecution and Levying the Penalties

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the upon Popish Recusants.

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr. Cheney, and Sir Nicholas Slatting, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Repair of Churches, and Recovery of small Tythes, is committed.

A Bill for the Continuance of a former Act for the Exportation of Leather, was read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be committed to Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Doyley, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Edward Master, Sir Robert Sir Tho.

Morris, Mr. Gray, Sir Richard Wiseman, Sir Tho. Allen, Colonel Strode, Sir Tho. Peyton, Sir Irby, Sir Eliub

Resolved, 8cc. That the House be moved to appoint a Committee to draw up a Bill upon the Heads already reported from this Committee.

The Question being put, For omitting the Word " from," in the first Vote of the said Committee; and, instead thereof, insert the Word " in

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, For leaving out the Words " upon such as shall be returned Popish Recusants Convict into the Exchequer," in the said first Vote;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee with these Amendments;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, 8cc. That a Clause be inserted in the Bill for

Harvey, Mr. Jones, Sir Robert Barnham, Sir Nicholas the more easy and speedy Discovery and Conviction of Slaning, Mr. Love, Mr. Nicholas Morris, Sir Geo.Down- Papists, to regulate and restrain the Attorney General in ing. Sir John Talbott, Sir Char. Wheeler, Mr. Rigby, Sir entering Ulterius nonvult prosequi.

Geo. Reve, Sir SamuellBemediston, Sir John Bennett, Sir Resolved, &c. That a Clause be inserted in the Bill for Hen. Ford, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Tulse, Sir Winston Churchill, the more effectual Prosecution and Levying the Penalties Sir John Brampston, Sir John Shame, Mr. Spry, Mr. Lin- upon Popish Recusants.

feild, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Hugh Wind- Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to draw ham, Sir Franc. Russell, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Onslowe, Sir up a Bill upon the Heads already reported from the said Gilbert Gerrett, and all thatserve for the County of Mid- Committee: And it is referred to Mr. Sawyer, Sir Thom, dlcsex, and City of London: And all that come are to Meeres, Mr. Powle, Lord O'Bryon, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. have V oices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three Swynfen, Sir Phill. W Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir oftoe Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: Hotham, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Anth. Irby,.

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to Mr. Garraway, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir ardDecring, summon and hear the Artificers and Handicraftsmen that Sit Will. Coventry, Sir Joseph Tredinham, Sir Tho. Clergis, 25 and

and

oft

km

tliC

5

Aii

hi

SK'

It,'

fit-.

(iK

.1.

tlif

;* I!

fel

ci it

" jfffi

and

pm,

6

II;

ir.£r,.

fill ur1 '

L:;

E,

itrcj t.e i

' .1

"V.

id

= A Cm

an

tJ Ci

TH,-,

Wild

iiat

nit!:

(i

k

Sir, 1 I,;,

ill

if'l

I-, A

[I

1

Sk7CAR.II. &i° — 25* 321

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; or any Three of them: And it is recommended to Sir Charles bord, Sir Tho. Meres, and Mr. Sawyer, to take care of the Bill.

Address for Mr. Powle reports f 1*001 the Cortimittee to whom it lemoving the was referred jo draw up Reasons and Grounds of the Lauderdale. Address touching the Duke of Lauderdale, That the said Committee, in order to their preparing such Grounds and Reasons, had examined one Doctor and

taken his Testimony in Writing: Which he read in his Place: And that they desire the Direction of the House, whether any Use shall be made thereof in the said Grounds or Reasons.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, See. That the Debate thereof be adjourned till Friday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till half an Hour alter Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

TtfH'iuie THE House being met, in order to the attending of attends the the King with the Address for recalling his Subjects out of the French King’s Service;

Adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A Bill to prevent any Member of the House of Com- Member* tnons, from taking upon them any publick Office, was read the First time. Office.

The Question being put, Whether this Bill shall be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rp , /Sir Nicholas Carew,

tellers,|Mf Maxell,

Tellers ^*r ‘Allen,

tellers,^Sir Masters,

And so it was resolved in the

Resolved, &c. That this Bill in a full House.

for the Yeas, 88.

for the Noes, 74. Affirmative.

be read a Second time

Mr. Sacheverell reports from the Committee appointed Translation to translate the Rolls brought in from the Tower, several of Rec°rd* Translations thereof, agreed by the Committee: Which pro uc4 were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: And being read; and the Matter being debated;

Resolved, kc. That the further Consideration of the Matter upon the Translations of the Parliament Rolls, be adjourned, until the Committee have perused and made their Report upon the Statute Rolls.

Mr. Speaker reports from his Majesty, That he had Answer to delivered the Address of the House, for recalling his Address. Subjects out of the French King’s Service: And, that his Majesty had returned Answer, That it was a Thing of too great an Importance, to have a present Answer:

But lie would consider of it} and return an Answer.

Jovis, 22’ die 1675.

Prayers.

Privilege T X i'011AI ATIO N being given to the House, of

Wwbtrfnim a breach of Privilege committed against Mr. Ser-Oice? jeant Hards, a Member of this House, by the Mayor and Aldermen, and one Mr. Barrett, the pretended present Recorder, of the City of Canterbury;

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Mayor, TVm.

Stanley, SquireBeverton, Tho. Fidge, Francis Thomas Elwyn, William Gillum, George Stanley, Aldermen, and Pauli Barrett, pretended present Recorder of the City of Canterbury, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer their Breach of Privilege, in displacing Mr. Serjeant Hards, a Member of this House, from his Place of Recorder; and for their contemptuous Words against the Honour and Privilege of this House.

Piscary . A Bill for Preservation of the Piscary of the Rivers Preservation, Sortie, Avon, and Teame, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Aulnage A Petition of the Woolen Drapers and Mercers of the

% City of London and County of Middlesex, w as read.

Resolved, Sec. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Matter stands committed to consider of the Abuses in collecting the Duty of Aul-nage: And the Committee are further impowered to consider of a W ay to take off the Duty; and to give a Compensation to the Proprietors and Persons concerned in point of Interest, in lieu of it: And that those Members that serve for the City of London be added to the Committee: And Sir John Ilanmcr, Mr. Powle, Sir Nicholas

Carew, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir John Knight, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Phillipp Musgrave, Mr. Wright, Sir Robert WSir George Downeing, Colonel Sands, Mr. Thomas Morris. Mr.

Sir Win. Strode, Mr. ChetMr. Harbord, Doctor Arris, Mr. Hoby, Mr. Cull and Mr. Lynfeild, are added to the Committee, to which the Petition of several Vfoolen Drapers of Essex and is committed.

Fin*s >nd A Bill for the better Assurance of such as claim under ktcuverivs. ancient Fines and Recoveries, was read the First time.

Resolved, kc.That this Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. IX.

Ordered, That Mr. Pepis do oh Saturday Morning State of the next, at Ten of the Clock, bring into the House a true Navy.

State of the present Condition of the Navy; and of the Stores and Provisions thereof.

Resolved, kc. That a Committee be appointed to in- MilitiaLaws. spect the former Laws relating to the Militia; and to consider of the Defects therein; and how' they may be remedied; and also of the Abuses and Grievances which have been committed in the several Counties, in the Execution thereof; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House: And it is referred to Col. Kirby,

Mr Powle, Sir Wm. Lends, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir

Bernerdiston, Sir Jo.Covert, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Morton, Sir Fran.Russell, Mr. Collingwood, Mr. Crouch,

Mr. Robert 1 Fright, Mr. Tho. Morris, Sir Robert Holmes,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Col. Strangwayes, Mr. Cheney, Lord Aldington, Sir John Holland, Mr. Garraway, Sir Bramston, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir 11 in Portman, Mr. Lovd,

Mr. Spry, Mr Wright, Mr Buscozcen, Sir And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent the illegal Imprisonment of the Illegal Im-

Subject, was read the Second time. prisonnwnt.

Resolved, kc. That the said Bill be committed to Mr.

Sacheverall, Sir If in Coventry, Sir John Mal/ett, Sir Robert Burnham, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Holland, Sir Knight, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir EdJenings, Sir Wm. Franck/yn, Lord O Bryan, Mr. SaxcyerSnJohn Air. Powle, Sir John L)ony, Mr. Hopkins, Air.

Sir Samuell Bernardiston, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Stock dale, Air.

Churchill, Sii Anth.Irby, Sir John Heath, Sir Sir.Lane..Lake, Sir John Hubbart, SirNich.Carew, Lord

Cavendish, Mr. Richard Leigh, Col. Sir John

llotheim. Sir Richard Franck/yn, Mr. Serjeant Maynard,

Sir Franc. Drake, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Ji m. Hickman,

Air. Garrazcay, Sir Gee. Dozening: And all that come are

to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, kc. That a Committee be appointed, to Hospital prepare and bring in a Bill to prevent Abuses in the Revenue*,

4AI - Disposition &c*

Rushout’s

Nat.

Fines and Recoveries

Piscary

Preservation.

Regulating

Elections*

Delays of Suits.

3^3

.22* — 23 'Aprilis. . A. 1675.

Disposition of the Monies and Revenue belonging to The House then resumed the adjourned Debate con- Addws for Hospitals, Alms-houses, Schools, and other charitable ceming the Testimony of Mr. Burnett, touching the removing the Uses: And that it be referred to Sir JVm. Coventry, Mr. Duke of Lauderdale. Duke of

Sacheverall, Sir John Erncley, Mr. Secretary Coventry, OrdThat Notice be given by the Serjeant at Arms Lawdt‘rdiilf*

Colonel Sands, Sir John Pettus, Sir Cha. Harhord, Sir attending this House, to Mr. , to attend forth-

Nickolas Carexv, Sir Richard JVisentan, Mr. Cheney, Sir with at the Bar of this House, to give in his Testimony,

JVm. Lewis, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Winstall relating to the Duke of Lauderdale.

Churchill, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Buscowen, Lord Hawley; Mr. Perude reports the Reasons agreed by the Com-

or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow mittee, for the Address to be presented to his Majesty, in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Inner against the Duke of Which he read in his

Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, Place; and after delivered the same m at the Clerks and Records. Table: And the same were again read.

The First Paragraph being the Preface to the Address,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow was read the Second time; and postponed, upon the Morning, Eight of the Clock. Question.

The Second Paragraph was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That instead of these Words, " none Veneris,23* die Aprilis, 1675. we can more justly," these WTords, " we have just Reason

U to," be inserted in this Paragraph,

r ravers. Resolved, &c. That these <Words, " and declaring his

SIR Blab Harvey reports from the Committee to Inclinations to arbitrary Councils, in Terror of your which the Bill for Naturalization of Alice Rushout good People," be added at the End of this Paragraph, was committed, One Amendment, agreed to by the The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, Committee, to be made to the Bill: Which he read, that this Paragraph, with the Amendments, be Part of the with the Coherence, in his Place; and after delivered Address;

the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being It was resolved in the Affirmative.

twice read; and agreed; The Third Paragraph was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendment The several Acts of the Parliament of the Kingdom agreed to, be ingrossed. of Scotland were read.

A Bill for the better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Serj. Maynard, Mr. Nicholas Morris, Sir John Trevor, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir John Lowther, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir

Tho. Dolman, Sir John Brampston, Sir John Otway, Mr. Tho. Morris, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Rob. Wright, Sir John Heath, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Mr.

Westfaling, Sir John Knight, Mr. Price, Mr Sir

Leoline Jenkins, Sir JVm. Doyley, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Hugh

Boscowen, Sir Franc. Drake, Sir Edxv. Jenings, Sir Hen.

Ford, Col. Strode, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Edw. Boscowen, Mr. and all the

Members of the House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the better Preservation of the Piscary in the Rivers of Avon, Seavorne, and Tame, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Col. Sands, Sir JVm. Doyley, Sir Joh Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir JVm. Terringham, Sir John Knight, Sir

Edxv. Masters, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Sir

Russell, Sir Robert Barnham, Sir Sir

Tho. Allen, Sir Edni. Jenings, Sir Trcver, Sir Nich. Carcw, Sir An tho. Irby, Mr. Sir Thomas

Mompesson, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Marvell, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Hen. Fotd, Col. Strode, Mr. Linfeild, Sir Ford, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Crouch, Col. Grey, Sir Poole, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John Mr

Sir Elyab Haroy, Sir James Smith, Mr. Culliford, Sir John Norton, Mr. Powle, Mr. Sir Fr. Rolls,

and all that serve for Worcester, Hereford, Gloucester, and Salop: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock on Monday next, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to make the Bill general: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Regulating Election of Alembers to serve in Parliament, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to revive and perpetuate a late Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

19

for the Yeas, 133.

The Question being put. To agree with i he Committee, that the Third Paragraph be made Part of the Address; The House divided.

The Noes go forth. rr> n fSir John Moreton,

TeHerSj^sjr Franc.Drake,

rr 11 (Sir John Talbott,j /> xr

TeUers’(Sir John Hamner.} for ,he N ‘

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The last Paragraph being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed.

The Preamble, which was postponed, being again read, it was, upon the Question, agreed.

Which Address is as followeth;

Joes, til.

WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do, with humble Thankfulness, acknowledge Your Majesty's Care for the Safety of Your People, in calling us together at this Time, to consult of the best Alcans for the Preservation of our Religion and Properties: Ami though we have great Cause to rest assured of the Continuance of Your Majesty’s gracious Disposition towards us; vet we find, upon a serious Examination of the State of this Kingdom, that there is a great Jealousy arisen from some late Proceedings, in the Hearts of Your Subjects, that some Persons in great Employment under Your Majesty, have fomented Designs, contrary to the Interest both of Your Majesty and your People, intending to deprive us of our ancient Rights and Liberties, that thereby they might the more easily introduce the Popish Religion, and an arbitrary Form of Government over us, to the Ruin and Destruction of the whole Kingdom.

Amongst those who are at present employed under Your Majesty, we have just Reason to accuse for a Promoter of such Designs, the Duke of Lauderdale, lately created Earl of Guilf ord; because we have had it testified in our House, by severed of our own Members, that, in the Hearing before the Council of the Case of Air. Penystone JVhalcy, who had committed Air. John James, contrary to Y our Majesty s Declaration of the 15th of March 1671, he the said Duke of Lawderdule did openly affirm, in the Presence of Your Majesty sitting in Council, and before divers of Your Subjects then attending the re, that Your Majesty’s Edicts ought to be obeyed; for Your Majesty’s Edicts are equal with Laws; and ought to be observed in the first Place; thereby, as much as in him lay, justifying the said Declaration, and the Proceedings

thereupon;

27 Car. II. 23° — 240 Jprilis.

323

thereupon; and declaring his Inclination to arbitrary Councils, in Terror of Your good People.

And we are further confirmed in this Opinion, by Two late Acts of Parliament, of a Very strange and dangerous Nature, which we have observed amongst the printed Statutes of the Kingdom of; the First whereof

was in the Third Session of the First Parliament, held there under Your Majesty, Cap. 25. and the other, in Your Majesty’s Second Parliament, Cap. «. the like whereof have never passed, since the Union of the Two Crowns; and are directly contrary to the Intention of an Act passed here in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King James, for the better Abolition of all Memory of Hostility, and the Dependencies thereof, between England ana Scotland, and for the Repressing of Occasions of Discords and Disorders in Time to come; and of a like Act, passed about the same Time in the Kingdom of Scotland; By Force of which said late Acts there is a Militia settled in that Kingdom, of Twenty thousand Foot, and Tw'O thousand Horse; who are obliged to be in a Readiness to march into any Part of this Kingdom, for any Service wherein Your Majesty’s, Honour, Authority, or Greatness may be concerned; and are to obey such Orders and Directions, as they shall from time to time receive from the Privy Council there.

By Colour of which general Words, we conceive, this Realm may be liable to be invaded, under any Pretence whatsoever 5 And this hath been done, as we apprehend, principally by the Procurement of the said Duke of Lauderdale; he having all the Time of these Transactions been principal Secretary of the said Kingdom, and chiefly intrusted with the Administration of Affairs of State there; and himself Commissioner for holding the Parliament at the Time of passing the latter of the said Acts, whereby the Providing of the said Horse and Foot is effectually imposed upon the said Kingdom, and this extraordinary Power vested in the Privy Council there: And we conceive we have just Reason to apprehend the ill Consequences of so great and unusual a Power; especially while the Affairs of that Kingdom are managed by the said Duke, who hath manifested himself a Person of such pernicious Principles.

We do therefore, in all Humility, implore Your Sacred Majesty, considering how universal a Fame and Clamour of the said Misdemeanors runneth openly throughout all Your Realm, that for the Blase of the Hearts of Your People, who are possessed with extreme Grief and Sorrow to see Your Majesty thus abused, and the Kingdom endangered, that Your Majesty would graciously be pleased to remove the said Duke of Lauderdale from all his Employments, and from Your Majesty’s Presence and Councils, forever; as being a Person obnoxious and dangerous to the Government.

that the Duke replied. He believed they would; and that they coming into England, would bring a great many.

That the Duke, asking him of the Affairs of Scotland, he answered, That the People in Scotland, that were at such a Distance, could not imagine what to think of the King’s Speech, and what was afterwards done concerning the Declaration: Whereto the Duke replied, illce lachrymal That all had deserted the King, except himself and the Lord Clifford,.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved>8cc. That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, &c. That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended with the Address touching the Duke of Lauderdale.

Resolved, &c. That all the Committees that were to Committees, sit this Afternoon, be adjourned,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 24* Aprilis, 1675, Prayers,

A BILL for settling certain Lands and Tenements Kelsball to charitable Uses for the Benefit of the Parish of Charities. Kelshall in the County of Suffolk, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Alborrough Elections and Privileges, the Matter of the Return for the Election, Borough of Alborrough, and the State of the Evidence

thereupon; and Two Resolves, agreed by the said Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Benson is not well returned as a Member to sit in Parliament for the Borough of Alborrough.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Rersby is well returned to serve as a Member in Parliament for the Borough of Alborrough.

Mr. Pepis, according to the Order of this House, state of th* gave an Account of the present State of the Navy, and Navy, the Stores thereto belonging: And delivered the several Particulars thereof in Writing in at the Clerk’s Table:

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, 8cc. That the further Debate thereof be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock:

And that the Book and Papers now delivered in by Mr.

Pepis, do remain upon the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Burnett, attending, according to the Order of the House, was called in: And having answered to several Questions proposed to him by Mr. Speaker, withdrew': And the House not being satisfied with his Answer, he was again called in, to give in a further Answer: Which he having done, and being again withdrawn; and this House being not yet fully satisfied with his Answer, he was again called in, to explain himself: And being withdrawn, some Heads of his Testimony were (to avoid Mistakes) reduced into Writing:

And he being again called in; and the same being read to him; and he having amended it in some Particulars, at the Bar of the House, the same is as followeth;

That, coming into England out of Scotland, on the First Saturday in Septemba- 1673, he went to visit the Duke of Lauderdale, at his Lodgings over the Gate-house in Whitehall, w here the Duke and he discoursed of the Affairs of this Nation, and Scotland-, and particularly concerning the Proceedings of Parliament, touching the Declaration for suspending Penal Laws in Matters Ecclesiastical: And being afterwards asked, Whether if being called in to assist the King, they would assist him or not? he answered, He thought they would not: But Vox.. IX.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Attorney General, Trial of and Sir Timothy Baldxcyn; Peerfc Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Trial of Peers of England: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Resolved, &c.That an humble Address be presented to Address his Majesty, to prevent any further Anticipation or Charge against upon his Majesty's Customs of England and Ireland-, it ®'tlc.!p'lt'ng being a Disservice to the King and Kingdom. e *'*""*'

Resolved, &c. That such Members of this House that are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended therew ith.

Mr. Secretary Coventry reports from his Majesty, King That it was his Pleasure, that this House Should attend appoints to him on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the att*nde<h Afternoon, in the Banqueting House, with the Address concerning the Duke of Lauderdale.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of (he Clock.

Coal Trade.

Coal and

Wood

Measures.

Mayne's

Petition*

Hearth

Money.

Illegal

Exactions.

Earl of Pan by’s Impeachment.

324 i6" Aprilis. A. 1675.

Luiue, 2 6°die 1675.

Prayers.

/tBraham Palmantier, George Gosselin, Theodore Russell, and James Fi'on did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for easing and encouraging the Coal Trade; and, that it be read m a full House, on Wednesday, after Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

A Bill for regulating the Measures, and to prevent Abuses in the Sale of Coal and Wood, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a SeCorid time, in a full House.

Upon Information to the House, That a Petition had been exhibited, by Mistake, of one Mr. and

Leave being desired to withdraw it;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Petition.

An additional Bill for settling the Duty, of Hearth Money, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent illegal Exaction of Money from the Subject, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Stockdale, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir John Covert, Mr. Gar raw ay, Sir Edw. Sir John

Talbott, Sir Francis Russell, Mr. Powlc, Mr. Col.

Whitley, Mr. Thyn, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Knight, Sir Tito. Lee,. Sir John

Hotham, Mr. Sachexercll, Col. Grey, Sir Phill.

Six John Holland, Mr. Russell, Mr. ther, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Mallet, Sir Nich. Career, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Hoby, Sir Hen. Ford, Serjeant Hardcs, Sir Edxo. Deering, Mr. Boscowen, Mr. Waller, Colonel Strangcecayes, Mr. SherraSir Sir

Robert Carr, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Lane. Laic, Mr. Bennet, Colonel Birch, Mr. WSir Sir

Richard Ford, Serjeant Rigby, Sir WCoventry, Sir JVm. Hickman, Colonel Strode, Sir Tho. Mccres, Mr. Palmes, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Culliford, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Duniell,

Sir Joseph Ash, Sir Tho. Momp: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And $c. to send # #

A Charge or Impeachment against Thomas Earl of Danby, Lord High Treasurer of England; containing several Offences, Crimes, and Misdemeanors of a very high Nature; being presented and opened to the House, and afterwards brought in and delivered at the Clerk’s Table; and read:

And the Matter being debated; which are as followed: viz.

A Charge or Impeachment against Thomas Earl of Danby Lord High Treasurer of England; containing several Offences, Crimes, and Misdemeanors of a very high Nature.

I. THAT the said Earl hath overthrown and violated the ancient Course and Constitution of the Exchequer, by perverting the Method of Receipts, Payments, and Accounts, contrary to Law; whereby the King’s Revenue is put into Confusion, and a wasteful Way of Expence; to the Destruction of his Majesty’s Credit; and exposing his Majesty’s Treasure and Revenue to private Bargains and Corruptions; and hath ingrossed into his own Hands the sole Power of Disposing almost all the King’s Revenue; laying aside the Chancellor and

14

Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and other Officers! Whereby the usual and safe Government of his Majesty's Affairs relating to his Revenue, and all Checks and Comptrolls are avoided.

II. That, a Suit of Law being intended about the

Marriage of the Daughter of Sir Thomas Hyde, the said Earl caused one Mr. Brandly, a principal Witness in the said Case, to be arrested by an extraordinary Warrant from one of the Secretaries of State; and to be kept for some Time in close Custody; during which Time the Agents of the said Earl did labour the said Mr. Brandly, by Threatenings and Promises of Reward, not to declare the Truth: And at Midnight he was brought, and examined before his Majesty, upon Oath; where the said Earl was present, and assisting: Whereupon the said Mr. Brandly did, by the Means aforesaid, deliver in a Testimony, contrary to his own Knowledge, and against his Conscience; he being then in Duress: By which illegal Practices his Majesty was highly abused, the Parties concerned in the said Law Suit greatly prejudiced, and the Truth suppressed, to the manifest Obstruction of Justice: And all this was done with an Intent to procure the said Heiress to be married to the Second Son of the 6aid Earl.

III. That the Earl hath received very great Sums of Money, besides the ordinary Revenue, which have been wastfully spent, and far greater Sums than ever issued for secret Service, without Account; the King's Debts remaining unpaid, the Stores unfurnished, and the Navy unrepaired, to the Discredit and Hazard of the King and Kingdom.

IV. That the said Earl hath violated the Rights and Properties of the People, by stopping, without Authority, their legal Payments, due in the Exchequer.

V. That though the Office of Lord High Treasurer of England is always very full of great and necessary Employments, yet the said Earl hath also assumed to himself the Management of the Affairs, which were in precedent Times dispatched alw ays by the Secretaries, and passed in Council; thereby interrupting the said Secretary’s Office; and neglecting his own; and subtily enabling himself, the better to convert a very great Sum of Money out of the Irish Revenues, to his own private Advantage.

VI. That the said Fail hath procured great Gifts and Grants from the Crown, whilst under great Debts, by Warrants countersigned by himself.

VII. That about the Fourth of December 1674, at the Hearing of a Cause in the Treasury Chamber, some Acts of Parliament, now in Force, were urged against a Proclamation, and contrary to what his Lordship aimed at: Whereupon the said Earl, in Contempt of the Law, uttered this arbitrary Expression, " That a new Proclamation is better than an old Act;" several of his Majesty’s Subjects being present: And, upon his Lordship’s Report to the Privy Council, the Person in Question, being a Foreigner, and not obeying such Proclamation, but pursuing his Right at Law, was banished the Kingdom.

Resolved, Sec. That as to the Charge presented against Thomas Earl of Danby Lord High Treasurer of England, this House will proceed Head by Head; and hear such Proofs, Instances, and Circumstances relating to each Article, as are requisite to an Impeachment.

Resolved, See. That this House will proceed in the furtht r Consideration of this Business Tomorrow Morning: And that the Matter concerning the Navy, which was appointed for Tomorrow Morning, be adjourned till Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Patents which relate to the Customs and Excise, be brought in Tomorrow, by the Officer in whose Custody they are: And that the Chancellor of the Exchequer be desired, if he be in a Condition of Health, to be then present, or otherwise to appoint his Secretary to give his Attendance.

Ordered,

CommittcM.

Excise and

Customs

Patents.

Hearth

Money.

Compton's

Estate.

Delays of Suits.

Trial of Petrs.

RusitlUj

Nat

2 7 CTAiR . II*

26® — 27* Aprilis-

52S

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

- :' "And thert the House adjourned till Three of the 1 ’ Clock, in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That the Officers of the Excise and Customs, or such other Officer, in whose Custody the Patents are, do Tomorrow Morning attend the House with the Patents last passed, for the Disposal of the said Revenues by the Lord Treasurer.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

MartiSy27° die

Prayers.

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Majesty Anrwr to with the Address of the House concerning the Duke of A<Wr®"* Lawderdale;and that his Majesty had returned Answer,

That it was long, and of great Importance, and therefore he could not return d present Answer; But He would consider of it, and, in a Short time, return an Answer.

Resotoed, See. That a Committee be appointed to Temporary, peruse such temporary Acts as were confirmed, and &c‘ made perpetual by the Statute of 17° Car. I; and to consider which Of them are fit to be made temporary, and which perpetual; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions herein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Cheney, Sir JVm. Lewis, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Thomas Clergis, Sir Tho. Williams, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Onslow,

Colonel Birch, SirAnth. Irby, Sir Ri Mr.

Palmes, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Win.Bucknall, Sir Cicill Bishopp, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Sacheverallor any Three of them: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ARIL L for settling the Duty of Hearth Money, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Edward Masters, Colonel Sands, Sir William Strode, Mr. Tho.

Meeres, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Robert Barnham, Sir John Covert, Sir John Knight, Mr. Bennett, Sir George Reeve,

Mr. Roll, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Richard Sir Edward Hungerford, Sir John Heath, Mr. Aliffe, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Rich.Ford, Colonel Birch, Colonel Strode,

Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Nick. Morris, Mr. Buller, Mr. Spry,

Sir John Bennett, Mr.' Wood, Mr. SirlVm. Franck-

lyn, Sir John Hotham, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr.

Sir John Robinson, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Sir Hen.

Ford, Mr. Whittacre, Sir du Bishopp, Lord And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Duchy Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Birkenhead reports from the Committee to which the Bill to enable Sir Francis Compton, and others, to make Sale of the Manor of the County of

Huntington, was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee, to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill to revive and perpetuate an Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Spry, Sir Richard Everrard, Mr. Dalmahoy, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Head, Colonel Birch,

Mr. Nich. Morris, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Talbott, Sir

Tho. Peyton, Colonel Kirby, Sir Browne, Colonel Sands, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Serjeant Pedley, Mr. Sawyer, Sir John Heath, Mr. Tho. Morris, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Mr.

Chetwin, Mr. Wood, Mr. Waller Chetwin, and all the Members of the Long Robe: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for the better Trial of the Peers of England, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time in a full House.

*. A Bill for Naturalization of Theodore Russell, James -Frontirt, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Vou ix.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir George Donning, Rates on to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Rates as to rough Jswels, &c. Jewels, Ginger, and Com ground, which shall be imported; and also of setting a Rate on Piamento, or Jamaica Pepper, and Cocoa-nuts.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to peruse Ascertaining the Acts concerning Measures; and to bring in a Bill to Measures, remedy the Defects therein; and to ascertain the Measures for the future, as they shall see Cause.

And it is referred to Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Hampden, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Covert, Sir John Knight, Sir John Bramston, Sir Wm.

Lewis, Mr. Garraway, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Lee,

Mr. Powle, Mr. Neuport, or any Three of them.

The House then proceeded in the further Considera- Earl of Dau-tien of the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord by’slm-High Treasurer of England. peackmant.

And the first Article being read; and the Patent granted to Mr. Mount ney, dated the Twelfth of November

last, being also read;

And Mr. Mountney being called in, and heard to several Questions, touching the Method of Payment of Monies arising upon the Customs;

And several Members of the House having also given an Account touching the same; and of the Method of issuing publick Monies;

And the Matter being debated;

The Question being put, Whether it appears by this Patent, that there is fit Matter in the First Article for an Impeachment;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Patent being read, bearing Date the 31th of March last, relating to the Farming of the Excise;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of the Matter, upon the Patent last read, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock: And the Chancellor of the Exchequer is desired to be present, if he be in a Condition of Health: And that the Debate, touching the Navy, be put off till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Repairing the Committee to whom it is appointed to inspect the Highway*. Laws for Repairing and Maintaining of Highways, and consider wherein they are defective; and to prepare and "bring in a Bill for the effectual Repairing and Maintaining thereof; viz. Colonel Norton, Mr. Foote, Mr. George Clerk, Sir Wm. Windham, Sir Wm. Portman, Sir Coventry, Sir Tho. Dolman, Mr. Neale, Sir Lewis,

Sir John Not'ton.

And then the House adjourned till To-naorroTr Morning, Eight of the Clock.

4 N

326

Mercurii,28* 1675.

Prayeej.

Fines and /"\RDERED, That Sir Musgrave, Colonel

Recoveries. \J Grey, Colonel Kirkby, Colonel Gilby, Mr. West-faling, Mr. Morris j and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for better Assurance of such as Claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries, Was committed.

Davyes’ A Bill to enable Trustees to raise Monies towards Pay-

Estat*. ment of the Debts of Alexander Davyes Gentleman, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Debts on A Bill for the better Recovery of Debts due upon Bonds, &c. Bonds and Bills, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Hith Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Committee of

Election. Privileges and Elections, the Evidence and State of the Case touching the Election of a Member to serve for the Port of Hith; and a Vote of the Committee thereupon; viz. That Sir Leoline Jenkins is duly elected a Member

to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of: Which Report being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and twice read;

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Jenkins

is duly elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hith.

1675.

A Complaint being made, on the Behalf of Colonel Privilege* Roll, of a Breach of Privilege, committed by ,one-

Gray, a Horse-courser, and one his Attorney;

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney to Grey, a Horse-courser, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of Privilege, in impleading Mr. Roll, a Member of this House, and forcing him to put in Bail at Law: And that the Matter of the said Greys Breach of Privilege be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine, and report it to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Lindtey draining the Fens of Lindsey Level: And that the said Level.

Bill be brought in on Tuesday Morning next, and then read between the Hours of Nine and Ten.

A Petition of Michaell Crake was read. Crake’*

Ordered, That this Petition he referred to the 1>etlU0IL Committee of Privileges and Elections; to consider of the Petition; and report the Matter of Fact to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees which were discon- Committee*/ tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places appointed, at Four of the Clock.

A Bill against Moor-burning in several Counties, was Moor-read the First time. burning.'

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

a8° — 29* Aprilis.

Earl of Dan- The House then resumed the adjourned Debate of the by’* Im- Matter upon the Patent of the 31th of March last, peachment. accor(}ing to the Vote made Yesterday, in reference to the First Article, contained in the Articles against Thomas Earl of Danby, Lord High Treasurer of England; containing several Offences, Crimes, and Misdemeanors, of a very high Nature.

The Question being propounded, That this Patent is illegal, and contrary to the Course and Constitution of the Exchequer;

The Question being put, That these Words, " and contrary to the Course and Constitution of the Exchequer," be left out of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

»{s'tnTZT’Yeas, ,8,

rr , fSir Tho. Littleton, 1 , lL v

Teliers jMr p<w/e> j for the Noes, 105.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Word "illegal" be left out of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, Whether this Patent is a Ground fit for an Impeachment of the Lord Treasurer;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, Whether any fit Matter does appear in the Examination of this Article to impeach the Lord Treasurer;

It passed in the Negative.

Kingap- Mr. Secretary Coventry reports from his Majesty, points to be That his Majesty had appointed the House to attend him attended. Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall, with their Address, to prevent the Anticipation of the Customs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jervis, 29° die A, 1675.

Prayers.

QTcphen Lauze, Bety amine le Nud, David Felles, and Baldwyn Mathewes, did this Day take the Oaths of

Allegiance and S u premacy, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for laying an Imposition upon Meal, and setting Duty on of Rates on other Commodities imported, was read the Meal> &c*

First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this House will Tomorrow, at Ten Earl of Dan-of the Clock in the Morning, proceed in the further Con- by’* *m* sideration of the Articles of Impeachment against the Peachment. Lord Treasurer: And that the Lord Mayor of London,

Thomas Salter, William Vogelsung, Mr. Brandling the Minister, and Mr. Offley, Barrister at Law, be summoned then to attend, and give in their Testimony.

Resolved, See. That the further Consideration of the Duke of Matter concerning the Duke of Lauderdale be adjourned Lauderdale, till this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for the Relief of Prisoners detained for criminal Liberty of Matters, was read the Second time. the SuljJect*

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr.

Sacheverall, Mr. Spry, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Serjeant.

Maynard, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Morris, Sir James Smith, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir John Brampston, Mr. *S 'wanton, Mr. Ayres, Sir Carew,

Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sit John Heath,

Mr. Mountague, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Sir

Wim. Hickman, Sir Robert Dillinglon, Mr. Sir

Tho. Mompesson, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Mr. Hall, Mr. Powle, Sir Eliah HarvySir Tho. Williams,

Mr. Hales, Sir Hugh Windham, Sir John Covert, Sir Leoline Jenkings, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Noell, Mr.

Sxvynfen, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Garrazvay, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Lord Ancram, Mr. Mallett, Sir Richard Wiseman, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Stockdayle,

Sir John Trever, Sir John Hot ham, Lord Castleton, and

all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent Members elected to serve in Par- Member* not liament from taking upon them any publick Office, was Public read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

‘ The

29° — 3 o° -dprilis.

27 Car. II.

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

— , /Sir John Talbott,

Tellers,|sir John Hattmer,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill be rejected;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

j. for the Yeas, 113. for the Noes, 145.

The House attends the King*

Westminster Court of Conscience.

Southwarke

Post Meridian.

THE House being met, in order to the attending of the King with the Address to prevent the Anticipation of the Customs;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 30* die Aprilis, 1675. Prayers.

A BILL for Erecting a Court of Conscience within the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be read a Second time, in a full House, after Ten of the Clock.

A Bill being tendered, to erect a Court of Conscience Ore »f Con- -within the Borough of Southwarke, and the Parishes in stience’ Middlesex and Surry, was received.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill Morning next.

3»7

which Petition they do submit to the Pleasure and Order of the House); and being called in, and kneeling at the Bar of the House; and having a Reprimand given them by Mr. Speaker;

Ordered, That the Petitioners, having submitted to the Order of the House, and to restore Serjeant Har-dresse his Place of Recorder of Canterbury, be discharged of the Commitment, paying their Fees.

The House then proceeded to the further Considera- Earl of tien of the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Danby’s Im-Treasurer.

And being informed, that an Order of Summons for Thomas Salter to attend this Day, to give Testimony, was left at his House; but he refused to attend, though his Servant Maid owned him to be at home, this Morning;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do send a Messenger to enquire whether the said Salter hath been at his House since the Order of ' Summons left at his House; and give an Account of it to the House.

The Second Article of the Impeachment being read, and the Matter debated;

Resolved, &c. That, before the House do proceed further in the Debate of this Article, they will hear the Witnesses.

Several Questions being proposed, in Writing, and read; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, to be demanded of the Lord Mayor of London; which are as followeth; viz.

1. About what Sum of Money is it that is owing to you from his Majesty?

2. Did not the Lord Treasurer, several times, promise you, that, in case the Match betwixt his Second Son and

Aiilnag*

Diitv.

Mrs. Hyde took place, he would use his prevalent and be read on Monday utmost Interest with his Majesty, to procure you Payment

of the Debt which his Majesty owed you?

3. Did not the Lord Treasurer enter into Articles with A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester, you, under his Hand Seal, in order to this Match? was read. And, before sealing of such Articles, did you not acquaint

Another Petition, of the same Nature, of the Clothiers him with Emertotis Pretence of being married to the said

of the City of Coventry, was tendered; and read.

Another Petition of the Serge, Say, and Shalloon Makers, and other Worsted Manufactures, in the Counties of Essex, Suffolke, Hampshire, Devon, and Somersett, was also tendered; and read.

Resolved, &c. That these several Petitions be referred to the Committee, to which the Petitions, and Matter of Abuses, complained of in the collecting the Duty of Aulnage, was committed; to examine the State of the

Mrs. Hyde? And what was the Date of such Articles?

4. Did not the Lord Treasurer advise and encourage you to enter into Articles with Emerton, after the Articles with his Lordship were sealed

5. Did you not, about the Tenth of last, send

down into the Country a Servant, at the Lord Treasurer’s Request, to accompany a Servant of his, to examine the Minister that was said had married them ? And what do you know or believe, concerning his being appre-

Matter upon the several Petitions and Propositions therein hended by one of the Lord Treasurer’s Servants seizing contained; and to consider also of the Trade between and bringing him to Whitehall? And by what Warrant England and France; and the Mischiefs and Inconve- was he so apprehended?

niences, by overbalancing the Trade of England by 6. Did not the Lord Treasurer advise you to write him France; and of a Way of setting the Poor on Work, by a Letter, to the Intent he might shew it to his Majesty,

making Linen in England, or otherwise; and report the whole Matter, with their Opinions, to the House: And all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Devon, Gloucester, Wilts, Suffolke, Essex, Somersett, and Kent, are added to the Committee: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And these Mem-

the better to engage him in that Affair? And who was present at such Examination?

7. What did the Minister say to you at your House, when he came thither, after his Examination before the King?

8. Did not the Lord Treasurer appoint you, what So-

bers following are also added: And the said Committee licitors, Attornies, or Lawyers, Should be employed in are also impowered to receive Petitions of the like Nature, the King’s Bench, and Spiritual Court? Or did you use

which shall be offered to them; Mr. Powle, Mr. Jones, Sir Samuell Bernardiston, Sir Richard Everrard, Sir Cha. Harbord, Alderman Love, Sir Ja. Smith.

Privilege —

tasted;.

any but such as he first approved of? And did not you always consult with his Lordship, in all the Proceedings in reference to that Affair? Or did you act any thing but by his Direction

9. Did the Lord Treasurer advisejmd direct you to

A Petition of Thomas Etifeild Mayor, Wm. Stanley,

Pttitionfroa Squire Beverton, Francis Mapleden, Thomas Elwyn, stand out an Alias, et plures Habeas Corpus, to a Fine penon* in Thomas Fidge, and William Gillam, Aldermen of Canter- and Contempt of the Court, before you brought Mrs.

bury, and Paule Barrett, of the same City, Esquire, now Hyde thither? And was he not displeased and angry with in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Pri- you, for your giving Obedience to the Court at last in vilege, in displacing of Mr. Serjeant Hardress, a Member carrying Mrs. Hyde thither; saying, It was too great an of this House, from his Place of Recorder of the City of Adventure? What was the Rule of the Court, which the Canterbury', and speaking contemptuous Words against King's Bench made in this Business; and under what the Honour and Privilege of this House; being read (by Penalty?

You IX.

10.

Committees.

Answer to Address.

Mar chant’s Estate.

Glass Manufacture.

Hawkers, Pedlars, &c.

30°

;i 5: Did she Lord Treasurer’ Soh Lord obey

that Rule of tourt, and for Keqfrriaking his AppHdatiotw to herein order to Marriage? Arid how often did he persuade her to be contracted to her, by breaking of Gold? Arid how was she persuaded by the Lady Arid

what were the Discontents of the Countess of that

Day, arid your Apprehensions concerning her Intentions,' to have carried Mrs. Hyde away from your Hriuse?

11. What Provocation did you give your Counsel to join with Emertons Counsel, last Week, at the King’s Bench Bar, to Defame you ? And wherefore did you so

12. Did not the Lord Treasurer promise you. That, if this Marriage succeeded, he would procure the Reversion of a considerable Office for your Son Charles Vyner

The Qestion being severally put, That the Lord Mayor be called in, to answer the ist, 2d, 3d, and 4th Questions;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Lord Mayor be called in, to answer to the 5th Question;

It Was resolved in the Affirmative;

: the Question being severally put, that the Lord Mayor. be called in, to answer the subsequent Questions;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That, when the Lord Mayor of London is called in to the House, he have a Chair set him to sit down at the Bar;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

-3* Mail

'if. 1675.

Borough of Southwarke, and other Places within the Bills Southwark,

of Mortality, was read the First time. Court of Con-

Resolved, &c. That this Bilf be read a Second time. . #cience*

Teller*! fMr- H

idlers, G

Tellers /Sir Cou

tellers,-jMr. Weld,

for the Yeas, 141.

J for the Noes, 137.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Lord Mayor being called in; and having answered to the Question, withdrew.

The Question being put, Whether any fit Matter does appear in the Examination of this Article, to impeach the Lord Treasurer;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the House will again proceed in the further Consideration of the said Articles against the Lord Treasurer on Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday next, to sit in the everal Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 3° die Mail, 1675.

Prayers.

'T'Homas Cheret, William Conen, and Jacob

did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Speaker reports from his Majesty, That he had delivered the Address of this House, against the Anticipation of the Customs: And his Majesty returned this Answer, He would consider of it; and that, whatever He had been, He would be, a very good Husband.

A Bill for payment of the Debts, and Settling the Estate of Henry Marchant, a Lunatick, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Encouragement of the Glass Manufacture, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Suppressing of Pedlars, Hawkers, and Petty Chapmen, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

' I

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience within the 24

A Petition of Symon Taylor, Merchant of Lynn Regis Lv nn Rfgi« in the County of Norfolk; complaining of several undue Election. Practices in the Electing a Member to serve for that Place, was read1.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Tho. Doleman, against Doleman’s Sir Edw. Hungerford, be read Tomorrow Morning. Petition.

The House then proceeded in the further Consideration Earl of of the Articles against the Lord Treasurer. Danhy'a Im-

And the Third Article was read a Second(time; which Peachlnet,t* is as followeth; viz.

That the said Earl hath received very great Sums of Money, besides the ordinary Revenue, which have been wastfully spent; and far greater Sums than ever issued for secret Service, without Account, the King s Debts remaining unpaid; and the Stores unfurnished, and the Navy unrepaired, to the Discredit of the King and Kingdom.

And the Matter being debated;

The Question being put, That, as to the Particulars insisted on for the Proof of this Article, the House will send for the Half Year’s Books of Accounts, in the Exchequer;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, Whether any fit Matter does appear in the Examination of this Article, to impeach the Lord Treasurer;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Article being read, and debated; which is as followeth; viz.

That the said Earl hath violated the Rights and Properties of the People, by stopping, without Authority, their legal Payments due in the Exchequer.

The Question being put, Whether any fit Matter does appear in the Examination of tikis Article, to impeach the Lord Treasurer;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fifth Article being read and debated; and is as followeth; viz.

That, though the Office of Lord High Treasurer of England is always very full of great and necessary Employments; yet the said Earl hath also assumed to himself the Management of the Irish Affairs, which were in precedent Times dispatched always by the Secretaries, and passed in Council; thereby interrupting the said.

Secretary’s Office, and neglecting his own; and subtilly enabling himself the better to convert a very great Sum of Money, out of the Irish Revenues, to his own private Advantage.

The Question being put, Whether any fit Matter does appear in the Examination of this Article, to impeach the Lord Treasurer;

It passed in the Negative.

The Sixth Article was read; and debated; which is as followeth;

That the said Earl hath procured great Gifts and Grants from the Crown, whilst under great Debts, by Warrants countersigned by himself.

The Question being put, Whether any fit Matter doth appear in the Examination of this Article, to impeach the Lord Treasurer; . (

It passed in the Negative. '

The Seventh Article was read the Second time, and debated; which is as followeth; viz. v

That, about the Fourth of December 1674, at the Hear* ing of a Cause in the Treasury Chamber, some Act. of Parliament, now in Force, were urged against a Proclamation, and contrary to what his Lordship aimed at; Whereupon the said Earl, in Contempt of the Law, utj-tsered this arbitrary Expression, That a new Proclamation

is

el

\ t.

lr.«s

ki

7 Car. II.

is better than an old Act; several of his Majesty’s Subjects being present: And, upon his Lordship s Report to "the Privy Council, the Person in Question being a Foreigner; and not obeying such Proclamation; but pursuing his Right at Law; was banished the Kingdom.

The Question being put, Whether any fit Matter does appear in the Examination of this Article, to impeach the Lord Treasurer;

It passed in the Negative.

Exporting Ordered, ThatSir Trevo Mr.

WooL Culljord, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Price, Mr. Poole, and Sir Jo-

seph Ash, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, is committed.

State of the Resolved, 8cc. That this House will Tomorrow Mom-

Navjr. ing, at Ten of the Clock, proceed in the Consideration of the Matter concerning the Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

129

Mr. Tho. Morris, Mr. Nich. Morris, Sir Char. Harlord,

Sir Wm.Doyley, Sir Lane.Luke, Sir John

Strode, Mr. Jlarbord, Mr. Hall, Sir Tho. Sir

John Pcttus, Mr. Ayres, Mr. Swan Ion, Sir Pr. Russell, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Serj. Righy, Mr. Mr.

well, Sir Wm. Strode, Sir Ralph Bunks, Mr. Jay, Mr.

Cory, Sir Gilbert Gerrand, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir John Morton, Mr. Mallett, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Trevor i Vi I Hams,

Sir John Knight, Sir Pr.Drake, Mr. Mr. hue in-

Jen, Sir Court.Poole, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Beuys, Sir John

Otway, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir J Talbott, Mr. West-J'aling, Sir Ediv.Peering, Sir // in Lewys, Sir

Carr, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, 'Sir. Spry, Sir Mallett,

Col. Sands, Sir John Burnaby, Mr. Sands, and the Burgesses for Westminster:And they are to meet To morrow,

at Three of the Clock in the Aitemoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to summon and hear die Parties concerned:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for draining of Lindsey Level, I indsey be read Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of trie Clock, in a Level, full House.

30 — 40

Privilege against Jurisdiction of Lords — SYierley v. fagg.

Privilege.

Lewis’s

Estate.

Mart is, 4® die Mail, 1675.

Pray ers.

AMOT ION being made on the Behalf of Sir

Pugg, a Member of this House, That lie is served with an Order of the House of Lords, made on the Petition of Thomas Sherley Esquire, to put in an Answer to

the Petition on Friday next;

And the Opinion of the House being desired, Whether, by his Privilege, as a Member of this House, he is not excused from answering the Petition in the Lords House; And a Precedent being urged in the like Case; Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Matter touching the Privilege of Sir John Pagg, a Member of this House, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And it is referred to Sir Tree Williams, Mr. Hales, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Anth.Irby, or any one of them, to inspect the Journals; and give an Account to the House, of the Precedent in the Case of Air. Hales.

Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, committed against Col. Kirkby, by an Arrest made of Robert Dunbarr, Servant attending the Person of the said Col. Kirkby; and detaining him Prisoner in Execution in the Gate-house, at the Suit of George sinqe the present Session of Parliament; knowing him to be Servant to Colonel Kirkby;

Ordered, That the Keeper of the Gate House do forthwith release and discharge the said Robert Dunbarr out of the Prison of the Gatehouse.

A Bill to enable the Executors of Edward Esquire to sell certain Lands in the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill he read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir George Dozcnhave Leav e to Encouraging bring in a Bill lor Encouragement of Artificers and Han- Artificers, dicraft Workmen.

Ordered, That Afr. Sachcverall, Sir Francis Cleric, Mr. Hearth

twin, Mr. Henley, Sir PoulkeLucy, Mr. Wynn, Air.

Tho. Morris, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Darcy, Mr. Maynard,

Air. IVcstfaiing, Mr. Brylon, 'Air. Foote, Sir

Reresby, and all the Aiembers that serve for the Counties otl orh c, Derby, Lancaster, Lincolne, and Wilts, be added

to the Committee, to which the Bill concerning the Duty of Hearth Money, is committed: And all that shall come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Sir George Dozcneing, Afr.

Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Do!man, Sir John Shazcc, Sir Byde, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for the Exportation of Leather, is committed.

Exporting

Leather.

Ordered, That Air. Weld, Sir Tho. Byde, Mr. Ayres, Cl,an>ery-Alr. Grimston, Mr. Wood, Sir Fra. Colonel Line, &c.

Birch, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for making a Passage from Chancery-lane to Lincoln's Inn Fields, is committed.

Taker's Estate.

Newcastle

Election.

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Robert Taper Gentleman, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir John Bowyer Baronet was read; complaining of several undue Practices used in the Election of Levcston Gower Esquire, to serve for Newcastle Underline, in Injury of the Petitioner.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition (if it be not excluded in point of Time) be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

T)avyes>

Estate.

A Bill for Selling of Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of Alexander Dcnyes Gentleman, deceased, w&s read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be committed to Sir Charles IVheeler, Mr. Bapiist May, Mr. May, Sir John Birkenhead, VOL. IX.

A Petition of Sir Tho. Dolman Knight was read. Another Petition of Sir John Prcttiman was read. Another Petition of Mr. Fount was read; complaining of some Doubts and Inconveniencies, whereby the Execution of an Act of Parliament, relating to Sir John Pret-iiman, is obstructed.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Matter of the Petitions; and what doubtful Clauses there are in the Act for saving of Sir John Prctti-mails Estate, that may obstruct the Trustees in the Execution of the Trust; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that it be referred to Mr. Pozc/e, Colonel Titus, Sir Fa he. Ilungcrjord, Sir IVm. Budcnall, Sir John Alai left, Mr. Alallctt, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Cha. 1Vheeler, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Morris, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Cha. Smith, Sir John Covert, Mr. Chet-wyn. Sir John Br amps ton, Mr. IFes/J'aling, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. May, Mr. King, Mr. Sadie-verell. Sir AllenApsley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Swinjin, Mr, Cheney, Sir Tho. Ale res. Sir John Otzcay, Sir John Knight, Mr. Daniel!, Lord Obryan, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Spry, Mr. Thynn; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Privilc"C4

Complaint being made, on Behalf of Sir Thomas Little- rn^jf, eu^ ton, of a Scandal and Aspersion cast upon him, and dis- ^yl"r(fg#°U persed abroad, of his tampering with, and promising

4 O Money

330 4°~~ 5* 1675.

Money to, Thoms Salter, lately ordered to be summoned to give in his Testimony, in the Matter relating to the Lord Treasurer;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Salter be sent for to give an Account to the House, in the Matter before-mentioned.

State of tie The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter Navy. concerning the Navy, according to the Votes made Yesterday: Which being debated;

Resolved, 8cc. That a Bill be brought in, to appropriate

that Part of the Revenue that arises by the Act of Tonage and Poundage, passed in the Twelfth Year of the King, to the Use of the Navy, for Three Years, if the Duties granted by that Act shall so long continue.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Vaughan, Sir

Nick. Carexv, Sir Cha. Sir Coventry, Sir

Tho. Littleton, Mr. Porvle, Colonel Birch, Sir Cha. Har-bord, Mr. Attorney Mount Mr. Sacheverall, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Secretary CSir Hen. Sir Tho.

Lee, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Trevor, Sir George Downor any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Deane Forest.

Lord

Killmoreys

Estate.

Compton’s

Estate.

Ru shout's Nat,

Privilege.

Northern

Borders,

Lindsey

Level.

Mercurii, 5° die , 1675.

Prayers.

ABIL L for Preservation of the Wood and Timber within the Forest of Deane, was read the First time. Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Killmorey;and for raising Portions for younger

Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Francis Compton, and others, to make Sale of the Manor of Ilamerton in the County of Huntington, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir Francis Compton to make Sale of the Manor of Hamcrtonin the County of Huntington.

Another ingrossed Bill, for the Naturalizing of Mrs. Alice Rous/tout, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Naturalizing of Mrs. Alice Rushout an Infant.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Birkenhead do carry up both the said Bills, to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Information being given of a Breach of Privilege, committed against Mr. Progers a Member of this House, by one Thomas Tompkins, in causing several Declarations in Ejectment to be delivered, to evict Mr. Progers out of Possession of certain Lands conveyed to him in Trust, to pay Debts;

Ordered, That all further Proceedings at Law, in the Actions of Ejectment, brought at the Suit of Tompkins against Mr. Progers, be stayed during the Session, and Privilege of Parliament: And that the Matter of Breach of Privilege be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine in the Northern Borders, was read the First time.

Resolved, 8cc.That this Bill be read a Second time, in

a full House.

A Bill for the Draining the Fens of Lindsey Level, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Message re,

acquaint them, thatthis House hath received Information, minding that there is a Petition of Appeal depending before them, at of Pr

the Suit of Thomas Slier ley Esquire, against Sir John Fagg, Shirley a Member of this House; to which Petition he is, by Fagg.

Order of the House of Lords, directed to answer on Friday next; and to desire the Lords to have Regard to the Privileges of this House: And that Sir Trevor Williams do go up with the Message to the Lords.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Pri- Great vileges and Elections, the State of the Case touching the Grimsby Election of a Member to serve for Great Grimsby in the ecu<m‘ County of Lincolne; and Two Votes, agreed by the Committee; viz.

Resolved, 8cc. That Sir Christopher Wray is well returned to serve for the Borough of Greal Grimsby; and hath Right to sit in Parliament accordingly.

Resolved, See. That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of the Committee, that the Sheriff of the County of Lincolne be sent for in Custody, for making an undue Return for the Borough of Great Grimsby.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Christopher Wray is well returned to serve for the Borough of Great Grimsby; and hath Right to sit in Parliament accordingly.

The Question being put, That the Sheriff of the County of Lincolne be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Glascock and Sir Timothy Balduyn;

Mr. Speaker, rlhe Lords have sent you down Two princ*

Bills; the one intituled, An Act for granting a Licence Rupert’* to his Highness Prince Rupert Duke of Cumberland, for Licence. One-and-thirty Years: the other, An Act for Explanation pop;sh of an Act for preventing Dangers which may happen Recusant*, from Popish Recusants: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Committee to which 1,e8al the Bill to prevent the illegal Imprisonment of the Sub- Pnsoumeu ject, was committed, some Amendments agreed to by the Committee: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being twice read; and agreed;

A Proviso was tendered, to be added to the Bill:

Which was twice read; and agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, 8cc. That an Address be presented to his Ad,lr^s4

7 i recalling

Majesty, that he would be pleased to issue forth his Pro- subjects t'rom,

clamation, for the speedy Recalling those his Subjects that French

are now in the Service of the French King; and for the *«rvic*.

Preventing any more from going over into that Service.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when tills House shall attend him therewith.

A Debate arising, Whether a further Address be pre- Further sented to his Majesty concerning the Duke of Lander day le; ^u!nS#Duk«

The Question being put, That this Debate be adjourned of Lauder* till Tomorrow Morning; dale.

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers-{s‘I "Gilbert Talbott, } for the Yeas> &'

j for the Now. 119.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That a further Address be presented to his Majesty, concerning the Duke of Lauderdale.

Sir Trevor Williams reports, That he hath attended the Message de-Lords with the Message of this House, concerning Sir 10 15 John 1

I '1

' »l i *1

Kelshall

Charities.

27 Car. II.

5* — 6* — 7° ^hV.

John Fagg; and that the Lords will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 6* die Mail, 1675.

Prayers.

33*

The Question being put, Whether the House will now proceed in the further Consideration of the Business touching the Duke of Lauderdale:

The House divided.

The Noes go out.

rr , fSir Hen. Ford,

Tellers,|Mr Herbord,

Tellers I1'0"1

lellers >\Sir John Mallett,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of this Matter;

j> for the Yeas, 132. for the Noes, 146.

flEorge Watsen, Cornelius ran Bcsclaer, John Martens concerning the Duke of , be adjourned till

Eelkinge, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance Tomorrow Sevennight

Iiwolvent

Debtors.

Liverpool

Writ.

and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Names of Corne-

lius van Bezelaer, John Martens Eelkinge, be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time, in a full House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Member to serve for the Borough of Liverpoolein the County of Lancaster, in the room of Sir Gilbert Ireland, lately deceased.

A Bill for settling certain Lands and Tenements to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of the Parish of Kelshall in the County of Suffolkc, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Pettus, Mr. Morris, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clergis, Mr. Wharton, of Mr. May, Mr. Motmson, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir Drake, 1 u Jte ' Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Whorwood, be added to the

Committee to which the Bill touching of Writs of Habeas Corpus, was committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Ilotham, Mr. Hales, Doctor Recovery of Arris, Sir Hen. Felton, Sir Wm. Beecher, Mr. Mounson, Tythes, &c. Mr. Feild, Sir Cha. Harbor'd, Sir Leonell Mr.

Hopkins, be added to the Committee to which the Bill for Repair of Churches, and Recovery of small Tythes, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dillington, and Mr. Ayliffc, Ascertainin'* be added to the Committee appointed to peruse the Acts Measures, concerning Measures; and to bring in a Bill to remedy the Defects therein; and to ascertain the Measures for the future.

__________; ..... Ordered, That such Members of this House as are King to tn

Mr. Devcreuz, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Shawe, of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to know his attended.

Mr Powle, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Lind feild, Sir John Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended with the t — 1 c:_ it'..... 1 o-t r 7 nr ..... further Address of this House, concerning the Duke of

Lauderdale.

Knight, Lord Burley, Sir Sir John Moreton,

Mr. P, 'ice, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Irby, Mr. May, Sir IVip. Doy/ey, Mr. Sir Harbord,

Mr. Ik right, Sir Win. KilligrewMr Air.

Vaughan, Sir Kick. Slaning, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir EUab Harvey, and all that serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Reviving and Continuing a former Act for the Cfcaveland’i, Payment of the Debts of the late Earl of Cledveland, and Estate. the Lord Wentworth his Son, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Karl of

Illegal Itn- An ingrossed Bill to prevent illegal Imprisonment of the

pruonment. Subject, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent illegal Imprisonment of the Subject.

Fines and Air. Serjeant Rigby reports from the Committee to Recoveries, which the Bill for the better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries, was committed, some Amendments agreed to by the Committee: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the same being twice read;

1 Resolved, kc.That the Amendments, with the Altera-

tien of " 1676," instead of " 1673," in tire Amendment, be agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, agreed with the Alteration aforesaid, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Foy Wrifi to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Election of a Alember to serve for the Borough of Foy in the County of Cornewall, in the room of Jonathan Raishley Esquire, lately deceased.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition of Robert Murrey, Duke of which was read this Day, complaining of his being im- Lauderdale* prisoned by the Procurement of the Duke of Lauderdale, be referred to the Committee of Grievances; to examine, and report the Matter to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Rake of Lauderdale.

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate of the Alatter relating to the Duke of Lauderdale, on the Testimony of Dr. Burnett.

A Petition of Robert Murrey being tendered; and be being called in, and Owning the Petition at the Bar; The Petition was read.

Vol. IX.

Veneris, 7* Mail, 1675.

Prayers.

A BILL for Enabling the Executors of Eduard Lewis Le^ia’a Esquire, to sell certain Lands in the Counties of lisUW* Glamorgan and Monmouth, was read the Second rime.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Air. Morgan, Mr. Daniell, Sir Edmond Jenings, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Thomas Allen, Sir Edward Masters, S\r Edward Mansell, Mr. Price, Mr. Peircy Goring, Colonel Birch, Mr. Jay, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Lindjeild, Sir Richard Frmcklyn, Air Sir Wm.

Lewis, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. May,

Sir John Knight, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir

Sir Wm. lining ham, Sir Edward Hungerjbrd, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Tha. Dolman, Sir Geo. Protect, Mr. Robert Wright, Doctor Arris, Mr. Ayres, Mr.

Whittacre, and all that serve for the County of Brecknock, Monmouth, and Glamorgan: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sb'

333

7° Mail.

A. 1675.

Delays of Suits.

Hawkers,

Pedlars, &c«

Sir Adam Browne reports from the Committee to

which the Bill to continue and perpetuate an Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for suppressing of Pedlars, Hawkers, and petty Chapmen, was read the Second time: And several Debates arising thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Mr. Marvell, Mr. Spry, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Otu ay, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Covert, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir 7'ho. Meres, Mr. Jones, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Lake, Sir

Jenings, Sir John Knight, Alderman Love, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Foote, Sir Sam. BSir Geo'. Reeve,

Sir Win. Coventry, Mr. Weld, Mr. May, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Coventry, Mr. Collins, Sir Tho. Dolman, Mr.

Chetwyn, Mr. Wright, Sir John Frederick, Sir Edward

Hungerford, Sir Wm. Buekn Lord Burleigh, Mr.

Darcy, Mr. Culliford, Sir Rich. Su Col. Birch, Mr. Nevcll, Lord 0 Bryan, Sir Col. Grey, Mr. lloby, Mr. Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

Robert Wright, Sir Win.Doylcy, Sir John Pettas, Mr. Jay, Mr. LinfeUd, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Tho.

Sir Wm. Tomson, Sir John Robinson, Mr. And

all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Price, Mr. Whittacre, Mr. HopkMr. Eyres, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Thom. Dolman, Sir lien. Ford, Si Lmcther, Sir John Knight, Mr. Weld, Sir John Birkenhead,

Sir Tho.Clergis, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Attorney Mdunlaguc,

Mr Garraway, Mr. Streetc, Sir Cha. Wheeler,

Colonel Gray, Mr. Morris, Mr. Serjeant Mr.

Serjeant Jones, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Mr. Corey, Sir John Trover, Colonel Birch, and all the Members of the Long Robe: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion being made, That the Bill on the Behalf of Earl of the Lady Poole, in relation to the late Earl of s Clcavcland'i,

Estate, might be read in a full House, after Ten of the ^bUte* Clock; the House left it to Mr. Speaker's Care, to call for the Readimr of the Bill in a lull House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir I! in Bcvcrsham Lords and Sir SamucllCferkc; Answer a*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have considered of the Mes- siu-Vle^v! sage received from the House of Commons, concerning l^g. Privilege, in the Case of Sir John Fogg; and do return this Answer; That the House of Commons need not doubt but that the Lords will have a Regard to the Privilege of the House of Commons, as they have of their ow n.

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That, Answer to having received their Commands, to know his Majesty's Address Pleasure w hen he would be attended with a further Ad- ..

Tayer’*

Estate.

concerning

A Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Robert Tayer dress concerning the Duke of Lauderdale that his Majesty underlie.

Gentleman, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. May, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Trover Williams, Sir lien.Ford, Sir Tho. Mr. Morgan, Mr. B right, Mr. Maynard, Sir PeUus, Sir

Tho. Allen, Mr. Culliford, Major Cornwell, Mr. Aprcice,

Sir Richard Maulevery, Mr. CSir Tho. Dolman,

Sir Wm. Doylcy, Sir John Otway, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Morris, Sir LionelI WalSir Knight,

Sir John Burnaby, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Scroop How, Mr. Plcydall, Sir PhilI. Musgrave, Mr. Price, Sir Richard

Evcrrard, Mr. Oakley, and all that serve for Sussex, Kent, and Surrey: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Duchy Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

had been acquainted with it: But before that he received the Order of the House to know his Majesty's Pleasure, his Majesty had given Direction for an Answer to the First Address: Which he delivered in Writing:

And the same being read by Mr. Speaker, is as followed!;

IIIS Majesty has considered of the Address against the Duke of Lauderdale, and the Reasons accompanying it. As to the Acts of Parliament, mentioned to have

Lord Killmorey’i Estate

‘ A Bill for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord bVen l,assed in Scotland, His Majesty observes, that the ’* Viscount Kill mo raj, and for raising Portions for younger ,rs^ °1 those Acts was in the \ ear 1063; which was

r'.hilrlron wnc rparl SnnrrmrJ titnp I) CIO I 6 til 0 Dllkc of LllU(lC) (Idle \\ US lllS iMtljcSty

Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Birkenhead, Mr. Garraxcay, Sir Sir Trever

Williams, Sir John Knight, M Mr. Price, Sir

Hen. Capcll, Lord Alienmi, Sir Thom. Allen, Sir Wm.

Doylcy, Mr. U oody Mr. Sxcynjhiy Sir Franc. Roll, Mr. Ey res, Mr. Spry, Colonel Titus, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir John Lmcther, Mr Sir

ajesty

Commissioner in that Kingdom: The latter w as in Pursuance of the former. As to the Words, by the Time of Mr. Penis lone Whaley % Case, His Majesty perceives, that if they had been spoken, they must have been spoken before the last Act of General Pardon: And His Majesty, being sensible how great a Satisfaction and Security the inviolable Preservation of the former Act of Indemnity

Irby, Sir John Pettus, Sir Er. Lore ley, S\r John Share, Lord and OWi'Jon has been to all His Subjects, cannot but OBryan, Sir Hen.Ford, Mr. Sackvile, Sir Edm.Windham, a0Drehend the dam-crons Consent, cnees of mnuinmr into

Writ for

burning

Heretics.

Debts on Bonds, &c.

Mr. Serjeant Pcdley, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Richard Ford,

and all that serve for Cheshire, Shropshire, and Staffordshire: And they are to meet on Monday next, in the Speakers Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Weld have Leave to bring in a Bill to abolish the Writ De Hecretieo comburendo.

A Bill for the better Recovery of Debts due upon Bonds and Bills, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Mr. Sad Sir Lake,

Sir Edw.Deering, Mr. Spry, Sir Sir

Heath, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir J Mr. Serj. iW-

ley. Sir John Mallctt, Colonel Titus, Mr. Mullett, Mr.

Cullif ord, Mr. May, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John

apprehend the dangerous Consequences of inquiring into any thing that has been pardoned by an Act of General Pardon, lest the Example of That might give Men Cause to fear their Security under the First Act of Oblivion. Given at the Court at Whitehall, the Seventh Day of May, 1675.

A Debate arising upon his Majesty’s Answer;

Resolved, See. That the further Debate on his Majesty’s Answer be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That his Majesty had appointed the House to attend him in the Banqueting House at Whitehall, this Afternoon, Three of the Clock, with their Address for recalling his Subjects out of the French King's Service.

And then the House adjourned till Three of tho Clock in the Afternoon.

Kin*

pppniufs t» be attended.

a7 CaA. IL

7°

Post Meridiem.

The King THE House being met, in order to the attending of

attended. the King with the Address for the issuing forth his Pro-

clamation for the speedy Recalling those his Subjects that are now in the Service of the French King; and for the Preventing any mofe from going over into that Service.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

8° Mail

cannot be recalled without Derogatioa to His Honour and Dignity, and Prejudice to the Peace He now enjoyeth, and hath publickly professed to maintain with all His Neighbours: But as to the Prohibiting the Going over of any more, his Majesty will renew his Proclamation, and use all other effectual Means, both to forbid and hinder it. Given at our Court at Whitehall, the Eighth Day of May, 1675.

Resolved, See. That the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Answer to the Address of tins House, for Recalling his Subjects which are in Arms in the French King’s Service, be adjourned till Monday Morning, after Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 8* die 1675.

Praties.

Russell’s,&c* A BILL for Naturalizing Theodore Russell, and Nat. A others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Lane.

Lake, Mr. Tho. Morris, Sir John Knight, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Nich. Morris, Mr. Pontic, Mr. Gwyn, Sir

Walden, Sir John Otway, Sir Coventry, Mr. Packer,

Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Cholmondley, Sir Wm. Stroud,

' Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Robert Wright, Col Gray,'Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Lord

Mr. Westfaling, Sir John Newton, Col. Strode, Mr. Buller, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Wm. Smith, Sir Stephen Fox, Sir Tho. Estcourt, Mr. Spry, Mr. Ayres, Mr. Hoby, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wright, Sir Harvey, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Richard Wiseman, ColoneljBircA, Sir Tho.Clergis, Six John Barnaby, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr Mr. Chetwin, Mr.

Hall, Mr. Henley, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Marvell, Mr. , or any Three ol them.

Tulse, Lord Burleigh, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Bainham Throgmorton, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir John,

Sir Foulke Lucy, Sir Jo.Mallett, Alderman Bence, Mr.

Crouch: And they are to meet on Tuesday next in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition being read of Nevill an Attorney privilege —

at Law, and now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, Petition front for a Breach of Privilege against Colonel Roll, a Member a person in of this House; and he having submitted to the House, cu, UKty-and craved their Pardon; and being called in; and kneeling at the Bar; and having a Reprimand given him by Mr. Speaker:

Ordered, That the said Nevill Bagaley be discharged from his Commitment, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Lords Pro-the Journals of the House of Lords; and to see what En- feedings tries are made therein in the Case of Sir John Fagg; and to report the Matter to the House: And that it be referred ir ’ ags‘ to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Cler Mr. Sacheverell, Sir John Olxcay, Mr. Swhtfen, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Garraway, Sir Jos. Sir John

Birkenhead, Mr. Mallet, Sir Cha. Colonel

1

Cage’s

Estate.

Hackney

Coaches*

A Bill for Sale of certain Lands of Seckford Cage Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved,&c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, for Leave to be given to bring in a Bill to regulate and prevent Inconveniencies by Hackney Stage Coaches; and to restrain their Number;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, See. That the further Consideration and Debate of the Matter touching Hackney Stage Coaches, be adjourned till Wednesday next.

Answer to Address recalling Subjects from France.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to in- Committee spect the Journals of the House every Saturday in the Af- for Journals, temoon; and to peruse the Entries therein; and to see if there be any Mis-entries or Mistakes; and to rectify the same, or report the blatter to the House, for further Direction therein: And it is referred to Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. Garraway, Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. , Sir John

Otway, Six Robert Howard, Six Robert Carr, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Morris, Mr. Saicyer, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Colonel

Titus, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Loivther, Mr. Nich.

Morris, or any Three of them.

SixThomas Clergis reports from the Committee, to which Liberty of the Bill for the Relief of Prisoners detained for criminal the Subject. Matters, was committed, some Amendments, which were agreed by the Committee: And a Debate arising upon other of the Amendments;

Ordered, That the Bill be rc-committed to the former Committee, upon the Debates of the House,

the same being read by Mr. Speaker, is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had presented the Address of this House to his Majesty, for recalling his Subjects that are Soldiers in the French King's Service; and.

that his Majesty was pleased so declare, that He would , ^grossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Pnnce return an Answer in Writing, this Morning. Act tor gating a Licence to his Highness Pnnce Rupert Rupert

Mr. Secretary Coventry did deliver in his Majesty’s Duke ot Cumberland, for One-and-thirty \ ears, was read Licence’

Answer to the Address of this House, in Writing: And the Second tune.

-> ’ ’ > o 1 r Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Lord Al-

lingtoMr. Hall, Sir Rich. I'rancklyn, Sir John Talbott, Sir Edward Dcering, Sir Bainham Throgmorton, Sir Tho. . Littleton, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Jo. Tredaiham, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Lucy, Col. Kirkby, Sir John Knight, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Col. Gray, Mr. Newport, Sir Holmes, Mr.

Hoby, Sir Wm. Sir

Sir Birkenhead, Sir Trever Williams, Lord Burleigh,

HIS Majesty having received an Address from the Sir Col. Sir Mr.

House of Commons, concerning the Recalling such of Finch, Mr. Bennett, Sir Masters, Sir Tho. Mom-

His Subjects as are Soldiers in the French Kings Service, pes» Sir Rob. Holt, Sir Tho. Sir Lane. Lake, hath thought fit toreturn this Answer; That such Troops Colonel Titus, Sir John Stonehouse, Sir Nich. Carew, Mr.; of His Subjects as were in the Most Christian King’s C Sir Fr. Compton, Mr. Sxcinjen, Mr. Chetwyn, Service before the last Treaty made with the States Sir IVins ton Churchill, Sir Geo. Courtopp, Six John Pettus General of the United Provinces, and were not by That And they are to meet on Monday next, at Iwo of the to be recalled; as they are at present become inconsider- Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: able in their Numbers, so His Majesty conceiveth, they And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

334

8* — to0 — n° Mail

A. 1675.

popish

Recusants.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Explanation of an Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time on Wednesday next

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Luna:, 10" die Maii, 1675.

Deane

Forest.

John Clerke of Winthorpe, in the County of Nottingham,

on Behalf of themselves, and the most of the Gentlemen, Freemen, Freeholders, and Copyholders of those several Towns, was read, complaining of undue Means and Practices, in obtaining a Charter, for sending Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town of Newark, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of the said Petition, which does relate to the sending of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town of Neuwke, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to take the same into Consideration, at the same time when the Matter concerning the Persons returned to serve for that Place, formerly referred, comes into Examination.

The House then, according to the Order made on the

Prayers.

B Astiaen Bayer this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That theNameof Bastiaen.Boyer be inserted Saturday, resumed the Consideration of his Majesty’s

into the Bill of Naturalization.

Antwer to

Address recalling Sub-

Answer to the Address of this House, for Recalling such jectsfroiu of his Subjects as are in Arms in the French King’s France. A Bill for the Preserving of the Woods in the Forest Service; and for hindering any more from going over into of Deane, was read the Second time. that Service.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Resolved, &c. That this House will resolve into a Com-GeorgeProbert, Sir BainhamThrogmorton, Colonel-S»i<&, mittee of the whole House, to proceed in the Considera-

Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Humfry JVynch, Mr. Ik eld, Sir tien of his Majesty's Answer to the Addressof this House,

*77.^ ATV t — rT~n r/7.~ c:., r r* ' n* r 1 Cl r .1

Tho. Allen, Mr. Hall, Sir Tko. Clergis, Sir Trever Williams, Siv Ant h. Irby, Mr. Westfaling, Sir John Barnaby,

Colonel Strode, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Morris, Sir E

Masters, Sir Adam Browne, Colonel Sands, Mr. Collins,

Mr. Robert Wright, Colonel Birch, Sir Edxo.Hungerford,

Mr. Price, SkFr. Russell, Sir Wm. Lewis, Mr. Spry, Mr.

Eyres, Mr. Swinfen, Colonel Kirkby, and all that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Hereford, Monmouth, and Afternoon, be adjourned to Wednesday next. Gloucester:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And to summon and hear such of the Country adjacent as are concerned in Point of Interest: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

for Recalling of his Subjects out of the Service of the French King.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That all Committees which were to sit this Committees-

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for Tayer’t Mr. Tayer was committed, have Leave to sit this After- Estate, noon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Piscary

Preservation.

Writ for burning Heretics.

Liberty of the Subject

Sir John Trever reports from the Committee, to which

the Bill for the better Preservation of the Piscary in the Ttivers of Avon, Seavo-me, and was committed,

some Amendments, agreed by the Committee, to be made to the Bill: Which he read with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in atthe Clerk’s Table: And the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

But the Order for Commitment of the Bill directing it Should be made general; and a Proviso being tendered, for some other Rivers therein mentioned, which the Bill makes no Provision for;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee, to take the Proviso now' offered, and such others as shall be offered, into Consideration; and to extend the Bill, and make it general, as far as they can: And they are to sit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

A Bill, brought in by Order, to abolish the Writ de Hccretico comburendo, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 11° die Mali, 1675.

Prayers

A Nthony Dugna, Marke Marker t,

and Frederick Gocnen, did this Day take the Oaths

of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for Encouragement of the Glass Manufacture Glass Mam^ was read the Second time. facture.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Gar-rarcay, Sir Cha.Harbord, Sir Edrn. Jennings, Sir Richard

Wynn, Colonel Birch, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir JV Sir John Lordlier, Mr. Morrice, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr.

Mr. Chetwyn, Sir LionellWalden, Mr. Jay, Sir Irby,

Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Guy, Sir John Knight, Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Wynn, Mr.

Sir Trever Williams, Mr. Spry, Mr. PLord Burleigh,

Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Edw Deering, Sir Sir John Brampston, Captain Jone, Sir Adam , Mr. Sacha:erall, Mr. Child: And they are to meet on

Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons,

Cockermouth

Writ.

Newark

Election.

Sir Thomas Clergis having reported from the Committee, to which the Bill for Relief of Prisoners detained for criminal Matters, was re-committed, that the Committee had mended the Bill, as to the Debate and Direction of the House: Which Amendments being twice Papers, and Records, read, and agreed;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Sir John Brampston reports from the Committee, to Exporting ingrossed. which the Bill for continuance and perpetuating of a for- L«utker.

mer Act for the Exportation of Leather, some Amend-Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his W arrant ments agreed to be made to the Bill: W' hich he read, with m-i, ~r n----- -- — \xr-uthe Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing of a Member to serve for the Borough of Cockermouth in the County of Cumberland, in the room of John Clerke Esquire, lately deceased.

A Petition of John Girton, Francis Cheetem of Nexcarke,

Thomas Wright of Balderton, John Bell of in this Amendment;

the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the Three first Amendments being twice read, and, upon the Question, severally agreed; the Fourth Amendment, for perpetuating the Bill, was twice read. The Question being put, To agree with the Committee

It

27 Car. II.

ii

12

Mail.

335

It passed in the Negative. Cheney, Colonel Titus, Captain Jones, Mr.

Resolved, &c. That the Blank in the First Folio of the Sir John Covert, Mr- Mr. Serjeant

Bill be filled up with these Words, " from this Time, for Rigby, Mr. Pleydall, Mr. Mch. Mr. Eyres, Mr.

the Space of Five Years next, and from thence to the End Corey, Sir Cha. Sir IVSmith, Sir John Pet-

of the next Session of Parliament ensuing, and no longer." (us, Sir Trover Williams, Sir Wheeler, Sir Fra. Roll, The last Amendment was twice read; and, with an Sir Masters, Sir John Heath, Sir Lee, Mr.

Malmsbury

Election.

Further Address rc» Calling Subjects from France*

Amendment made at the Table, agreed.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill; and, being twice read, with an Amendment being made at the Table, agreed.

Resolved,&c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the State of the Case, and Evidence, between Mr. Howard and Sir Thomas Estcourt, concerning the Election for the Borough of;

and a vote thereupon agreed by the Committee; viz.

That Sir Thomas Estcourt is well elected to serve in this present Parliament, as a Burgess for the Borough of Malmsbury in the County of H ilts.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, that Sir Thomas Estcourt is well elected to serve in this present Parliament, as a Burgess for the Borough of Malmsbury in the County of Wilts.

The House then resumed the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Answer to the Address of this House, for Recalling his Subjects which are in Arms in the French King’s Service.

The Question being propounded, That a further Address be presented to his Majesty, for Recalling all his Subjects that are in the Service of the French King;

The Question being put, That the Word " all" do stand in the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes go out.

Jay, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Captain Dyett, Mr. Linfeild,

Sir Jo.Mallett, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Tho. Morris, Sir

John Birkenhead, Sir EliabHarvy, Colonel Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Roll, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Edward Mansell,

Mr. Lucy, Mr. Powle, Colonel Gilby, Colonel Norton,

Mr. Spry, and all that shall come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet on Friday next, at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for appropriating the Duty arising by the Cus- Supply Bill j toms to the Use of the Navy, being tendered, and de- aT'ProPn-livered in at the Clerk’s Table: And being brought in by Custom*. Order of the House;

Ordered, That the Bill for appropriating of the Customs for the Use of the Navy, be read on Friday next, after Ten of the Clock.

Sir Edmond Jeningsreports from the Committee to Hearth-

which the Bill for ascertaining the Duty of Hearth-money mone^; was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made, and Clauses to be added, to the Bill:

Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place.

The several Amendments till the Fourth Amendment were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Fourth Amendment w as twice read; and certain Amendments, upon the Question; agreed, and made at the Table.

The Question being put. That these Words, " w hereof the Minister to be one," be left out of the Amendment;

qviWe JSir Thom Lee, \ leners^sir Eliah Hany, ]

Tellers /Lord A\ leuers ’ \Sk John Talbo

for the Yeas, 172. for the Noes, 173.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That a further Address be presented to his Majesty, for recalling his Subjects that are in the Service of the French King;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die 1675.

Prayers.

T\Aniell le Conte, and Richard Boyle, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Names of Daniell le Conte, and Richard Boyle, be inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

The House div ided.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers N

tellers,|Mr. Gxeyn,

Tellers ISir Jo,m tellers,|Mr

j for the Yeas, 154.

for the Noes, 108.

Prince

Ruperts

Licence.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Whitt acre. Lord Ashley, Sir John Otxcay, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Colonel Philipps, Mr. Weld, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for granting a Licence to his Highness Prince Rupert Duke of Cumberland, for One-and-thirty Years, is committed.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That the Amendment, with this Alteration, be agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of the remaining Amendments to the Bill be adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords,' by Mr. Attorney General Frauds and and Sir Andrexc Hackett; Perjuries.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the preventing of Frauds and Perjuries; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Resolved,fSec.That Doctor Thomas Sherley be sent for Privilege -in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, ^sutend to answer his Breach of Privilege for prosecuting a Suit, by Petition of Appeal in the Lords House, against Sir John Fagg, a Member of this House, during the Session and Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That the former Committee, appointed to Committee'of inspect the Journals of the Lords House, and see what Precedent*. Entries are therein made in the Case of Sir John Fagg, do also inspect the Journals of this House, and sec what hath been done in like Cases of Privilege with this; and report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Insolvent

Debtors.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir Tho. Sir Adam

Browne, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Antlio. Irby, Mr. May, Mr. Daniell, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Robert Burnham, Mr. liford, Sir John Knight, Colonel Strode, Mr. Price, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Streete, Sir John Trover, Mr. Serjeant Vol. IX.

Sir J- Fagg not to proceed.

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg do not proceed in the Appeal depending before the Lords, without the particular Leave of the House.

Ordered, That all Committees, adjourned and discon- Committees, tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to HawUrs, the Committee, to which the Bill for suppressing Haw kers, PedUrs, &c.

Pedlars,

1

Dolman’s

Estate.

Tayer's

Estate*

Repairing

Highways*

336

12° — 140 Mail.

A. 1675.

insolvent

Debtors.

Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, is committed; Lord Fitz-williams, Mr. Geo. Clerke, Mr. Broome

Sir Lewis Palmer, Sir Fran. Air.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Commons, in Parliament assembled, have been informed, that there is a Petition of Appeal depending before their Lordships, at the Suit of Thomas Shirley Esquire, against Sir John Fagg, a Member of their House; to which Peti-till Friday tien he is, by their Lordships Order, directed to answer on Friday next; and desire their Lordships to take Care of their Privileges."

' - " Answer.

" That this House have considered of their Message; and will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

" , That the Committee for Privileges do meet

this Afternoon, to consider of the Message received from . , r. r ah . c - the House of Commons this Day, concerning Thomas

ord"^ £"1 S"PremlCJ' 'D "ft* ""‘V ‘h"|

House; and search Precedents in the Case; and report

Veneris, 14* die Maii, 1675.

Pra

YERS.

£*HarlettaHenrietta Maria Jamia Paston did this Day

Ordered, That Sir John Trever and Sir John Pettus be added to the Committee, to which the Matter concerning Sir Thomas Dolman is committed.

Mr. Steward reports from the Committee to which the

Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Robert Tayer, was

to the House Tomorrow Morning."

" May the 6th.

" The Earl of Berks reported, That the Committee of Privileges, having met, and considered of what was referred to them in the Case between Tlio. Shirley Esquire, and Sir John Fagg, a Member of the House of Commons,

tee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; where they were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Commit- and the Message from the House of Commons thereupon,

" - v 1 ' "r’ ’ 1 ' 1 *' ’ have ordered to report, That the Committee have found,

that the House did refer the Business of Mr. Hale and Mr. upon a like Message of the House of Commons, to the Committee of Privileges; who did report to the House, That it is the undoubted Right of the Lords in Judicature, to receive and determine, in Time of Parliament, Appeals from inferior Courts, though a Mem-Sir Win. Doyley reports from the Committee to which ter. of either House be concerned, that there may be no it was referred to inspect the former Acts, and to bring Failure of Justice in the Land: And the House did agree in a further Bill for the Repairing and Maintaining the w*th the Committee therein: And thereupon the Corn-Highways, a Bill agreed by the Committee: Which he mittee do humbly offer to their Lordships, upon thisOc-delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same w as read, casion, to take the same Course, and to insist upon their A Petition of the Inhabitants of several Parishes within just Rights in this Particular: Which their Lordship* the County of Middlesex was read. will be pleased to signify to the House of Commons, in

- Resolved, &c. That the Bill for Repairing and Maintain- such manner as they shall think fit." ing the Highways, with the Petition before mentioned, " The House agreed with the Committee in this Decla-be read a Second time. ration; and ordered the same to be entered into the Jour-

Encouragement of Artificers.

Newark e Charter.

A Bill for Encouragement of Arts, Crafts, and Mysteries, and manual Occupations, wTas read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Girton, Francis Cheetam, and others, complaining of undue Means and Practices, in obtaining a Charter for sending Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town of was read.

Resolved, See. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Grievances, to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, is committed; viz.Sir John Lord An-

nal Book of this House, as their Declaration; viz.

" That it is the undoubted Right of the Lords, in Judicature, to receive and determine, in Time of Parliament, Appeals from inferior Courts, though a Member of eitheir House be concerned, that there may be no Failure of Justice in the Land."

" Then it was moved, that the former Answer, sent to the House of Commons, in the Case between Mr. Slingsby and Mr. Hale, might be given now to the House of Commons in this Case of Sir Jo. Fagg; and that the Declaration reported and agreed to this Day, might be added to it."

" The Declaration aforesaid was read: And the Question being put, Whether this shall be as a Part of the Answer to be given to the House of Commons;

" It was resolved in the Negative."

" The Answer returned formerly to the House of Com-

cram, Sir drill JVich, Mr. Wright, Sir Edw. Mansell, Sir *"ons, in the Case between^Mr. Slingsby ^and I\Ir. Hale, Fr. Clerke, Mr. Tho.Morris, Sir Rich. Braham, Sir Tho.

Estcourt, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Morgan, Sir Rich. Temple.

Privilege-Lords Proceedings in case of

Sir J. Fagg.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, and the Entries therein, in the Case between Dr. Tho. Shirley, and Sir John Fagg, a Member of this House, That the Committee had perused the Journals of the Lords House, and found the Entries to be as followeth.

" April the 30th.

" Thomas Shirley Esquire presented a Petition to the Lords."

was in these Words; That the House of Commons need not doubt, but that their Lordships will have a Regard to the Privileges of the House of Commons, as they have of their own."

" The Question being put, Whether this Answer shall be now returned to the Message from the House of Commons;

" It was resolved in the Affirmative."

" May 7th it was sent accordingly."

" May 7th.

" Whereas this Day was appointed for Sir John Fagg, to put in an Answer to the Petition and Appeal of Thomas

Ordered, That the said Sir John Fagg may have a Shirley Esquire, depending in this House, if he thought Copy of the said Petition, and put in his Answer there- fit; the said Sir John Fagg appearing personally tills unto in Writing, on Friday the Seventh Day of May next, Day at the Bar; and desiring longer 'Lime to put in an

at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, if he think fit." Answer thereunto;

" May the 5th. It is thereupon Ordered, That the said Sir John Fagg

" The Commons send a Message by Sir Trever hath hereby further Time given him for putting in his

Williams' Answer, till Wednesday next, being the Twelfth Day of

" The Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses of the House of this instant May, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon.*'

15 "

Resolutions respecting Appeal brought against Sir

J. Fugj;.

Message

complaining of a Lord’s obstructing an order of ike House.

I)r. Sherley to bp apprehended.

Coal Trade.

Privilege.

Durham

Flection

Franchise.

27 Gar. II.

14 — 15

Mali.

337

" May 12th.

" Sir John Fagg put in his Answer to the Petition of

Air. Shirley."

A Debate arising thereupon, touching the Privilege of this House;

Resolved, Sic. That the Appeal brought by Dr. Sherley in the 1 louse of Lords, against Sir John Fagg, a Member of this House, and the Proceedings thereupon, are a Breach of the undoubted Rights and Privileges of this House.

The House being informed, that the Warrant of this House for taking of the said Dr. into Custody, was

forcibly taken away and detained from the Serjeant at Arms Deputy attending this House, by the Lord

And the Serjeant’s Deputy being called in; and examined as to the Matter of Pact, gave this Testimony: That lie found Dr. Shirley in the Inner Lobby of the House of Lords; and that he came to him, and desired to speak with him; and acquainted him, that he had a Warrant from the House of Commons to apprehend him; and desired to know, whether he could shew him any Reason to excuse him, that he might not serve the Warrant on him: And that he likewise told him, that he would not execute the Warrant on him in that Place; but desired of him, that he would go along with him freely; and that, in case he would not, he would take his Opportunity in another Place: And that the said Lord Mohun coming in in the mean time, required him to shew his Warrant; which he producing, the Lord Mohun laid Hands of it, and held it so fast, that it was in Danger of being tom; and that therefore he was forced to part with it; and desiring to have it again, the Lord Mohun refused it, but carried the Warrant into the House of Ixirds:

That Dr. Shirley afterwards refused to go along with him, saying. That he was not then his Prisoner; and that several Persons interposing, the Doctor escaped from him.

And a Debate arising thereupon,

Resolved, See. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to complain of the Lord Mohun, for forcibly taking away and detaining the Warrant of this House from the Deputy Serjeant at Arms, for taking of Dr. Sherley into Custody; and to demand the Justice of the Lords House against the said Lord Mohun: And that the Lord Ancramdo go lip to the Lords with the Message.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth a new Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for apprehending Dr. Thomas Sherley, to answer his Breach of Privilege, for prosecuting a Suit by Petition of Appeal in the Lords House, against Sir John Fagg a Member of this

House, during the Session and Privilege of Parliament.

7 O O

Ordered, That the Bill for Ease and Encouraging the Coal Trade, he read on Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Examination and State of the Matter in the Breach of Privilege complained of by Sir. John Trcver;and a Vote agreed by the Committee:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same, being twice read, and, upon the Question, agreed, is as followeth: Resolved, &c. That Thomas Robert Fmclkes,

and William Yales are not unworthy to receive the Mercy and Pardon of this House for the said Breach of Privilege.

Resolved, Sic. That the said Thomas Egcrlon, Robert Fmc/kcs, and William Yales be discharged of any further Attendance.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Case relating to the County and City of Durham: That the Committee to enable them to understand this Matteraboutissuing the Writto the County and City of Durham, read the late Act for that Purpose, being the Ground and Foundation of the whole Matter: From whence they observed, that what related to the Electing of Two Knights for the Shire appeared very plain: Whereujioii they Resolved, &c. That the Committee is Vol. IX.

of Opinion, That the Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for the Election of Two Knights to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Durham, according to the Act of Parliament lately made for that Purpose: But finding the Matter difficult concerning the Electing of Two Burgesses for the City of Durham, they Resolved, That the Chairman of the Committee Should make a special Report concerning the Writ, and Process thereupon, for the Election of Burgesses for the City of Durham, according to the late Act; and of the Difficulties that did arise upon considering the same: Which were as followeth:

It appears not plain who shall order the Election, or be Judge of the Poll in the City of Durham: If the Sheriff of the County, who hath only a Precept, and no Writ, then he must order in this City where there is a Mayor, though it be no City and County; the like is not done in England; and for which he hath no Authority by the Act. If the Mayor must order this Election, and be Judge of the Poll, then he must have a Precept so to do for the Sheriff, who acts but by a Precept himself; and there is one Deputy making another Deputy’s Precept upon Precept; and for the latter Precept to the Mayor, there is no Authority that appears in the Act: Wherefore the Committee, to prevent Differences in the said City, and Double Returns, have thus far stated the Case to the House, that their Wisdom may take further Care therein, the Case being too difficult for them to determine.

The First Resolve of the Committee, relating to the Electing of Two Knights for the County of,

being read at the Clerk's Table;

The Question being put, I'or agreeing with the Committee in that Resolve;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That Mr. Speaker do issue out his "Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, for the Election of Two Knights to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Durham, according to the Act of Parliament, lately made lor that Purpose.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of the special Matter of the said Report concerning the City of Durham, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next

Ordered, That the Bill for hindering Papists to sit in Papist* notio either House of Parliament, be brought in, and read To- sit ln ^‘h*

7 O 7 mant

morrow Morning.

ment.

Ordered, That the Debate touching his Majesty’s An- Duke of swer to the Address of this House, concerning the Duke Lauderdale, of Lauderdale, be taken up on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Eliah Harvy, Sir Further Ad-Nich. Career, Sir John Coventry, Mr. Garraxray, Sir dress recall-Wtn. Coventry, Sir Edward Detring, Sir John , Mr. Chetmn, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr.

Colonel Birch, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Leoline Jenkins, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Mallett, Sir Joseph Williamson, Mr.

Sacheverall, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Waller, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the further Address to be presented to his Majesty, for recalling his Subjects that are in the Service of the French King.

Upon the Debates of the House;

Resolved, See. That the further Consideration of the Privilege Privileges of this House be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbaii, 15* die Maii, 1675.

Praters.

DErnerd Sirps, and John Demerande, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in 4 Q order

1

338

15* Maii.

A, 1675.

order to their Naturalization: Arid ordered to be inserted in the Bill.

Glass Mauu* Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for fecture. encouraging the Glass Manufacture, be revived; and do sit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the After-

noon.

Lewis' Mr ..Eyresreports from the Committee, to which the

Estate. Bill for enabling the Executors of Edu ard Lcuis Esquire,

to sell certain Lands in the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth, was committed,' That the Committee had met, and summoned and heard all Persons concerned; who had consented to the Bill; and that, upon Perusal of the Bill, they find no Cause to make any Alteration in it.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be ingrossed.

Piscary Sir John Trever reports from the Committee to which

Preservation, the Bill for Preservation of the Piscary in the Rivers of Stveme, Avon, and Teame, was re-committed, a Clause agreed by the Committee, for inserting other Rivers mentioned therein to have the same Advantage with the Other Rivers to be added to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which was twice read; and agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing an additional Clause, or Enacting Proviso, ingrossed, lor extending the Bill to such other Rivers as are capable of thp same Advantage with the Rivers already mentioned in the Bill for Preservation of the Piscary.

Augmenting Sir Edward Decring reports from the Committee to Vicarages, which the Bill for augmenting small Vicarages was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and after, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Trecer Williams reports from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for granting a Licence to his Highness Prince Rupert Duke of Cumberland, was committed, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: W'hich he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to by this House, be read a Third time.

Delay* of An ingrossed Bill to revive and perpetuate a former Act, Suits. intituled, An Act to revive and perpetuate a former Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays being read;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and perpetuate a former Act, intituled, An Act to revive arid perpetuate a former Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays.

Supply Bill; A Bill for appropriating the Duty arising upon the appropriat- Act of Tonage and Poundage to the Use of the Navy ing Customs, foj. Three Years, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill for appropriating the Duty arising upon the Act of Tonage and Poundage to the Use of the Navy, be read on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Lordsanswer The Lord Ancram reports from the Lords, that he to Message, had, in Obedience to the Commands of this House, attended the Lords, and delivered the Message concerning the Lord Mohuns taking away and detaining the Warrant for apprehending Dr. Shirley: And that the Lords had returned this Answer;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords have considered of your Message, and of the Complaint therein; and they return you this Answer, That they find the Lord Mchune hath done nothing but what is according to his Duty.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Matter Privilege-concerning the Privileges of this House: And, the Mat- Resolution ter being debated; swItaLPAp.

Resolved, &c. That the Appeal brought by Dr. Sher- peal against ley in the House of Lords, against Sir John Fagg, a Mem- Sir J. Fagg. her of the House of Commons, and the Proceeding thereupon, is a Breach of the undoubted Rights and Privileges of the House of Commons: And therefore the Commons desire that there be it further Proceedings in that Cause, before their Lordships.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, concerning the Privileges of this House, in the Case of Sir John Fagg:

Prince

Rupert’s

Licence.

And that Sir Thomas Lee do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mondeford Bram- Message ston and Sir Wm. Glascock; fr, mi L?"1*

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded to let this House Mr^plaker'* know, That the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, assembled warrant, in Parliament, have received a Warrant, signed Edward Seymoure Speaker; which they have appointed us to shew you; and desire to know, whether it be a Warrant ordered by this House.

The Matter of the Message being debated;

The Question being put, That the Word " unparliamentary" be Part of the Answer to the Lords Message;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

}* .*«% .*7.

} Forth, Noes,5,.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Messengers be called in: And that this Answer be returned, That this House will consider of the Message.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker does acquaint them, That the House will consider of the Message.

Resolved, &c. That the Message, last received from Message the Lords, is an unparliamentary Message. unparliameo-

Resolved, See. That a Conference be desired to be had tar-v* with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Message received from the House of Lords.

Resolved, Scc.That it be referred to Mr.

Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Vaughan, Sir J Sir

Char. Harbord, Col. Saiulis, Mr. Powle, Serj. Maynard,

Serjeant Seys, Sir Nick. Carat', Mr. Sir

Lae, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Edw.Bainto Sir Tho. Clergis,

Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Tho.

Sir Itcoline Jenkins, Mr. Swynfen, Serj. Rigby, Sir Eliah Harvey, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, or any Three of them, to draw up Reasons to be offered at the said Conference.

The House being informed, that there is a Cause Resolution* upon an Appeal, brought by Sir Nicholas Stoughton touching against Mr. Onslowe a Member of this House, appointed of aIr* to be heard at the Bar of the Lords House; "* owe*

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House has received Information, that there is a Cause upon an Appeal, brought by Sir Nicholas Stoughton against Mr. Onslow a Member of this House, appointed to be heard at the Bar of their House, on Monday next; and to desire their Lordships to have Regard to the Privileges of this House: Aud that Sir Rich. Temple do go up with the Message to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslowe do not appear any further in the Prosecution of the Appeal brought against him by Sir Nicholas Strougliton, in the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Stoughton be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer his Breach of Privilege, in prosecuting a Suit in the Hqqse of Lords, against Arthur Onslow Esquire, a

Member

K’.t-

\ ;:u kxS'D L*f.

hi

k*

hi

17

,0

27 Car. II.

15 — 17’

Member of this House, during the Session and Privilege of Parliament.

Resolved, That whosoever shall appear at the Bar of the Lords House to prosecute any Suit against any Member of this House, shall be deemed a Breaker and Infringer of the Rights and Privileges of this House.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the Lords Answer to the Message of this House, sent by the Lord Ancram, be adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, W Mali, 1675-

Praters.

J^Erman Olmius, Cornelius Darcall, Jacob David, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization: And the Certificates of their having received the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper being perused and allowed by Mr. Speaker; and also a Certificate, that Rickard Son of Sir

Waller, an Infant, is educated in the Protestant Faith: And their Names being twice read;

Ordered, That Herman Olmius, Cornelius Darvall, Jacob David, Richard Waller, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

Pri'ilege — The House being informed, that Sir William Blackett Suj|Aca<i Baronet, a Member of this House, was served with a Mwukr* Subpoena, at the Suit of John Carye, out of the Exchequer, during the Privilege of Parliament;

Ordered, That the said John Carye be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in causing the said Subpoena to be served on Sir Blackett, during the Privilege of Parliament.

Privilege of a The House being informed of a Breach of Privilege

*^|nt)er ln a committed against Sir Francis ,a Member of this

House, by suing him to an Outlawry, and Exigent thereupon, at the Suit of Sir Wm. Courtney; in the Prosecution whereof, one John Bird was Attorney, and one John La thorn and Henry White were the Instruments in making the Proclamation in order to the Exigent;

Ordered, That John Latham and Henry White, for their

Breacii of Privilege, committed against Sir Francis Lazy-ley, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

The Question being put, That the said John Bird the Attorney be sent for in Custody;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

| for the Yeas, 48.

’1 Mr. Pride.au} for 4116 NoeS> 65’ And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Matter of Breach of Privilege,

complained of on the Behalf of Sir Frattcis Lawley, a Member of this House, against one John Bird, an Attorney, in prosecuting the said Sir Francis to the Outlaw ry, during Session and Privilege of Parliament, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

T , fSir Gilbert

lehers,jMr Ha

rr. , [Sir James Smith, tellers, ,p

Ditto. Information being given to the House, on the Behalf

of Mr. Fount, a Member of this House, that he is summoned to attend the Execution of a Commission, issued at the Suit of one John Unwyn, out of the Chancery, for the Setting out of Lands;

Ordered, That the Execution of the said Commission, and all iurther Proceedings in this Suit in Chancery, be Stayed during the Session and Privilege of Parliament.

Yol. IX 5

339

Mr. Eyres reports from the Committee, to which the naurf Bill to enable a Sale of certain Lands for Payment of the I’-stat*.

Debts of Alexander Davyes Gentleman, deceased, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the saqie in at the Clerk’s Table: W here they were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wright reports from the Committee, to which the Russell’s, &c. Bill for the N atnralization of Theodore Russell, and others, Nat. was committed, That the Committee had perused the Bill and Certificates of the Persons therein mentioned, which are of Age, and have received the Sacrament;' and of some other Persons, which they have proposed to be added and inserted by way of Amendment to the Bill:

Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed, and now directed, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all the Members for Middlesex and Restraining Surrey be added to the Committee to prevent further builuing. Building; and that the Committee do make a Provision for the Building of Churches, either in that i ill, or by any other Bill or Bills, in the Places where there are new Buildings, upon the Debates of the House, as they shall see Cause: And all that come to the said Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for laying an Imposition upon Meal, and other Supply Bill; Commodities imported, and for settling of Rates on some Foreign Com-Commodities, imported or exported, was read the Second modihet. time: And several Matters being offered to be added, and other Debates arising;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to a Committee of the whole House: And that the House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Friday Morning next, after Ten of the Clock.

Sir Thomas Lee reports, That he had attended the Conference Lords, and desired a Conference in the Case of Sir John n Case of Fagg, and that the Lords had consented to a present Sir * Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Serjeant Maynard,

Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Attorney Mounlague, Sir Tho.

Meres, Mr. Sawyer, Colonel Birch, Mr. Spry, Sir Tho.

Clergis, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Swynfen, Mr.

Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Waller, Mr. Garrazcay, Sir Leo. Jenkins, Mr. Powle, Sir Edw. Sir Cha.

Wheeler, be appointed to attend the Conference, and deliver the Vote of this House, concerning the Appeal, brought in the Lord’s House by Doctor Shirley, against Sir John Fagg: Who went up accordingly.

Sir Richard Temple reports. That the Persons appointed had attended the Lords, and delivered the Vote of this House, concerning the Appeal brought by Doctor Shirley, against Sir John Fagg.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons for the Conference to be had with the respecting Lords, agreed by the Committee: Which are as follow- Bord# Mu-eth; viz. "*

1. For that the Message is by way of Interrogatory upon the Proceedings of the House of Commons, in a Case concerning the Privilege of a Member of that House, of which they are proper Judges.

2. For that the Matter of the Message carries in it an undue Reflection upon the Speaker of the House of Commons.

3. For that the Matter of the Message doth also highly reflect upon the whole House of Commons, in their Lordships questioning that House concerning their owm Orders;

which

340 *7°"18° Mail, 1675.

which they have the more Reason to apprehend, because the Day before this Message was brought to them, the Warrant w as owned, by the Complaint of the House of Commons to their Lordships, that the same was taken and detained from a Servant of theirs, by a Peer: Which imports, that the Question in that Message,

1 could hot be for Information only; and so tends to interrupt that mutual good Correspondency, w’hich ought to be preserved inviolably, between the Two Houses of ' Parliament.

Papists not , Resolved, &c. That the first Bill, concerning Religion, p!Sh mini prepared by Order of this House, be brought in, and rlam read, Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock. Suppressing Resolved, &c. That the other Bill concerning Religion, Popery. jje brought in, and read, on Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

Motion not The Question being propounded, That no Bill be 10 reCR^n brought in or received, but such as are already ordered niore 1 * to be brought in, or shall be sent down from the Lords, till after the Recess mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech;

The Question being put, That these Words, " unless it be upon extraordinary Occasion," be Part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go out.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Members not Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to be absent, to go out of Town without Leave of the House, asked, and granted, after Ten of the Clock.

Call of the Ordered, That the House be called over on Wednesday House. jn Whitsun Week.

Committees. . Ordered, That all Committees, which were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 18* Mail, 1(37.5.

Prayers.

Leave for /"ORDERED, That Mr. Hum fry Burlace and Mr.

Members to John Buller, have the Leave of this House, to attend,

attend Lords, give jn their Testimony, in a Cause between Kendall

and Hallct, at the Bar of the Lords House.

Class Manu- Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for facture. encouraging the Glass Manufacture, was committed, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow, in the Places formerly appointed.

Privilege of a The House being informed, that Two Trials were car-Member in a ried down against Air. Spry, a Member of this House, Suit. by Humfry Williams, during Time of Privilege of Parliament;

Resolved, See. That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Writ for A Bill to abolish the Writ de comburendo,

burning was read the Second time.

Hmtici. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Knight, Sir Birkenhead, Mr. Szcinfen, Sir Tredinham, Mr. May,

Mr. Hampden, Sir 'lho. Allen, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr.

Mallett, Sir Richard Evcrrard, Mr. Tho. Mcrrris, Sir Rich. Ford, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Mr. Baptist May,

Mr. Sachavercll, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Sir

Anth.Irby, Sir John Trever, Mr. Cheney, Mr.

Sir John A fallett, Sir Tho. Williams, Sir John Moreton,

Sir PhilI. Musgrave, Mr. Streete, Mr. Windham, Mr.

Kick.Morris, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir John Covert, Mr.

Tanner, Sir Rich. Francklyn, Mr And they are

to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Lindsey Level be j in((SPy read on Thursday Sevennight, Nine of the Clock in the Level. Forenoon.

Sir John Birkenhead reports from the Committee, to i ordKil-which the Bill for the Payment of the Debts of Charles i ’<'rrey’s late Lord Viscount Kilmorrey, and for raising Portions &c. for younger Children, was committed; several Amendments agreed by the Committee, to be made to the Bill:

Which lie read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Prince granting a Licence to his Highness Prince Rupert Duke cf > pe rt Cumberland, for One-and-thirty Years, with the Amend- 1'lrence. ments, agreed by this House, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be returned to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An popish p,e. Act for Explanation of an Act for preventing Dangers cusauu. which may happen from Popish Recusants, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. May, Sir Anth.Irby, Sir Knight,

Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Covert, Sir John Mallett, Colonel

Titus, Sir Ediv. Deeing, Sir Tho. Williams, Sir Birkenhead, Sir John Shan e, Sir John WerdenMr. Cuitifon Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Cheney, Sir Francis Drake, Colonel Strode, Mr. Hall, Colonel Birch, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Allen, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Hen.Ford, Sir Robert Barn-

ham, Sir Nich. Car etc, Sir Wm.Hickman, Sir 7 ho.

Mr. Streete, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Vaughan, Lord O Bryan,

Lord Burleigh, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Hoby, Major wood, Mr Szcinfen, Sir Richard [Vise manMr. Bade:

And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Richard Temple reports from the Lords, That he privilf?f — had attended their Lordships, according to the Command L«nls of this House, with the Message in the Case of Mr. slozce: To which the Lords returned an Answer; which, cimlowe. being in Writing, was delivered in at the Clerks Table; and read; and is as lolloweth;

The Lords do declare, That it is the undoubted Right of the Ixwds in Judicature, to receive and determine, in Time of Parliament, Appeals from . inferior Courts, though a Member of either House be concerned, that there may be no Failure of Justice in the Land: And from this Right, and the Exercise thereof, their Lordships will not depart.

The Matter of the Lords Answer being debated;

Resolved, &c. That it is the undoubted Right < f thp House, that none of their Members be summoned to attend the House of Lords during the Sitting or Privilege of Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Privileges of this House, contained in the Lords Answer to the last Message of this House, in the Case of Mr. Onsloue.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Ford do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference, upon the Subject Matter of their

Message

27 Car. II.

18° — 190 Mali

341

Tapists not fc> sit in Pai Lament.

Privilege-Abuse of a person attending the House.

Message concerning the Warrant for apprehending Dr. Shirley.

A Bill for hindering Papists to sit in Parliament, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time on Thursday Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Complaint being made to the House, on the Behalf of one Mr. Robert Murrey, that he having a Petition depending against the Duke of Lauderdale, and which, by Order of the House, is referred to the Committee of Grievances; and, coming up the Stairs of the House, in order to the Solicitation of his Business; was assaulted, jostled, and threatened, by Patrick Amenz, Master of the Horse to the said Duke, and Sir JVm. and

others, in Breach of the Privilege which Suitors ought to have in attending their Business;

Resolved, Sec. That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter aforesaid complained of on the Behalf of Mr. Murrey; and report it with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that it be referred to Sir John Mallett, Sir Nick. Carexv, Col. Sand'is, Mr. Stock dale, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr . DalmahMr. Poidc, Lord

Cavendish, Mr. Newport, Major General Sir

Eliah Harvey, Lord Ancram; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that the Committee do summon and hear the Parties concerned.

Recalling - Ordered, That the further Address of this House to his Subjects from Majesty, for recalling his Subjects out of the Service of liauce. ^iie French King, be brought in Tomorrow Morning.

Duke of Ordered, That the adjourned Debate of his Majesty’s Lauderdale. Answer to the Address of this House, concerning the Duke of Lauderdale, be taken up on Friday Morning next

Conference ' Sir Henry Ford reports, That, in Obedience to the concerning Order of this House, he had attended the Lords, to Warrant lor ^es;re a Conference upon the Subject Matter of their Shirley. Lordships last Message, concerning the Warrant for apprehending Dr. Shirley; and that the Lords had agreed to a Conference Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Poxrle, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Joseph Tredevham, Sir Nic. Carexv, Mr.

Vaughan, Colonel Birch, Sir Sir Harbord, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Sir

Eliah Ilarvy, Mr. Streete, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Serjeant Jones, Sir Mr. Swinjen, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Serjeant

Crooke, or any Three of them, to draw up Reasons, to be offered at the Conference with the Lords, upon the Privileges of this House, contained in the Lords Answer to the last Message of this House, in the Case of Mr.

Onslffive:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Members to Ordered, That all the Members of this House, that are , auend. of the Ix)i)g Robe, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning: And that Notice of this Order be given them by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Bill for appropriating the Customs appropriating to the Use of the Navy for Three Years, be read Cuntuws. Tomorrow Morning, next after the Bill concerning

Religion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurti, 19° die Mali, 1675.

Prayers.

JpHil/ipp Kehlar did this Day take the Oaths of Alle*

giance and Supremacy, in Order to his Naturalization:

And the Certificate of his having received the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper being perused, and allowed, by Mr.

Speaker: And also a Certificate, that John Ayscoghe,

Son of Francis Ayscoghe, an Infant, is educated in the Protestant Faith: And their Names being twice read;

Ordered, That the Names of Philiip and John Ayscoghe, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

A Petition was read of Sir John Heath and his Wife. Heath’s

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to Petition, the same Committee that the former Petitions of Sir John Prettimanis committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for insolvent Relief of poor Prisoners was committed, be revived; and Debtors, do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. May, Mr. Neale, Sir Kell stall

Alderman Lore, Mr. Childe, Sir Tho. Morris, Mr. Pa- Charities. pi lion, Sir John Ekeayes, Sir Thomas Byde, Sir Geo.

Probert, Mr. Price, Mr. JUarvcll, Mr. Jones, Colonel Norton, Sir Edic. Masters, Mr. WAir. Foote, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for settling certain Lands and Tenements to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of the Parish of Kellshallin the County of Sujf'olke, was committed.

The House being informed, that the Deputy of the Privilege — Serjeant at Arms attending this House was resisted and Resistance w obstructed in the Execution of the Warrant of this House y,^l^ker8 for apprehending John Lathom and Henry White; ai "

And the Serjeant’s Deputy being called in, and examined to the Alatter of Fact;

Ordered, That Air. JVm. Hastings and Air. Samuell Crooke, be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for their Breach of Privilege, in resisting and obstructing the Execution of the Order

O O

of this House; and Air. Sneaker's Warrant thereupon, for apprehending John Latham and Henry committed to the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege by them committed.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Robert layer, Gentleman, was read.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Y eas go out.

Tellers-(Mr sfficer, } for U,c Yeas- 68-

Tellers,| j for the Noes, 75.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The House then resumed the Debate of the Alatter Jurisdiction concerning the Privileges of this House. Lords.

And the Alatter being debated;

Resolved, See. That it is the undoubted Right of this House, that none of their Alembers be summoned to attend, or be proceeded against, in the House of Lords, during the Sitting or Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Lionell JValden have the Leave of Leave of this House to go into the Country. Absence.

Sir Tho. Lee reports from the Conference had with Conference the Lords, upon the Subject Alatter of the last Alessage warrant ft>r from the Ixirds, concerning the Warrant for apprehend- apprehending ing Dr. Shirley; that they had attended, and delivered Shirley, the Reasons agreed by this House.

You IX.

4R

Ordered,

Thirskr, &c. Ill ections.

Suppressing

Popery.

Supply Bill; appropriating Customs.

Prince

Rupert's

Licence.

Delays of Suits.

Lewis’

Estate.

Mtinr-

burning.

34

19® — 20'

Mail.

A'< 1675.

Ordered, That the Reports concerning TI11r.de. mid Chester Elections be heard Tomorrow Alorning, at Nine of the Clock.

An additional Bill, to prevent the Growth of -Popery, was read the First, time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second lime on Triday next.

The Bill for the appropriating the Customs to the Use of the Navy, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir IVm. Hickman, Sir 27 to.Littleton, Mr. Thynn, Mr. Sir

Tho, Meres, Sir Phiil, Harcourt, Mr. Secretary

son. Colonel Strangwuyes, Mr Sir 77/

Sir I Cm. Buckmdl, Mr. H horwoodMr. Robert Bright, Sir

Geo.Downing, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Nich. Carew, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir.. John Knight,'S'w John Dae t her, Sir Coventry, Sir John Ernley, Sir Robert Carr, Mr

Mr. Serjeant Light/, Sir lien. Lord, Sir Rich. Franklyn, Mr. Sachcverdl, Sir Robert Howard, Colonel Tit ns, Sir

Fra. Drake, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. JJowlc, Sir FJyah I lurry, Mr. ITaller, Mr. Vaughan, Lord leton, Sir Trcver li illiinns, Sir A nth. Irby, Lord lhtrleigh, Mr. A/orrice, Mr. King, Sir Fr. Clerk, Kw John Woerden, Mr. Ilampden,

Sir John Mallet t, Mr. Strangwuy Sir JIarhord,

.Mr. Sawyer, Colonel Birch, Sir Joseph Tridenham, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Phiil. A/asgrave, Sir Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Mailed, Sir Sir Ed.

Windham, Mr. Childe, Kir John Air.

And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they ,ure to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Trcver Williams do go up to the Lords with these Bills following;

A Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Licence to his Highness Prince Rupert Duke of Cumberland, for One-and-thirty Years: And that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

An ingros.-ed Bill to preserve and regulate the Fishing piscary

m several Rival's of tins Kingdom,-was read. Preservati##.’

Several Provisoes and Clauses, were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and then read the Third time;

and ordered to be made Part of, and added to the Bill.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill, with the Provisoes and

Clauses agreed, do pass: And that the Title he, An Act

to preserve and regulate the Fishing in several Rivers of this Kingdom.

Sir Thomas Meres reports the State of the Case, and Thirsk* jEvidence, in the Election for the Borough of 'thirske in Election, the County of 1 'orke, between Sir H dtiam.11 entworlh and Air. // liar ton; and Throe Votes passed at the Committee: Which are as follow; viz.

Resolved, Sic. That Sir William Jl cut worth is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thirske.

Resolved, See. That Air ..Whartonis not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thirske.

Resolved, Sic. That the said Election for the Borough of Thirske in the County of Yorkeis a void Flection.

1 he First Vote being twice read;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, that Sir Wm.Wentworth is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thirsk;

The House divided:

The Noes go out.

f Sir Eli Harvey,

Tellers,

[Mr. Slockdide,

q- [Sir Tho. Dolman, I oilers,-^Mr

119-

14G.

j> for the Yeas,

j for the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Sir JVm. IVentworth \ Bill for perpetuating a late Act for avoiding un- is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament lor the

I' . 1 IX 1 1 11 0 ‘ U :_1__

necessary Suits and Delays: And

A Bill to enable the Executors of F.dward Jwwis Esquire to sell certain Lands in the Counties of

Alonmouth.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

.Tods, 20" dieaWuii,l6?5.

P K A Y K II S.

Borough of Thirske;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

.Resolved, Sic. That Sir Jl m.Wentworth is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thirske in the County of Yorke.

Sir Tho. Lee reports from the Committee appointed Privilege — to draw up Reasons to he offered at the Conference to be Lords’ Juris-had with the Lords upon the Privileges of this House, ^lctKm *n h>* contained in the Lords Answer to the last Alessage of this / r'

House, in the Case of Air. Onslowc: Which were twice read; and, with some Alterations at the Clerk’s Table,

IF. ritage Lenten did this Day take the Oaths of Alle- 'Upon the Question, severally agreed to: Which are as giance and Supremacy in Order to his Naturalization: followeth; and brought in a Certificate, of his having received the

Sacrament: Anil his Name being twice read;

Ordered, That, the Name of Heritage Lenten inserted into the Bill of Naturalization.

be

A Bill to prevent Aloor-burning in several Northern Counties, was read the Second time.

; 1. That, by the Laws and Usage of Parliament, Privilege of Parliament belongs to every Alember of ;the House of Commons, in all Cases, except Treason, Felony, and Breach of the Peace; which hath often been declared in Parliament, without any Exception of Appeals before the.Lords.

g. That the Reason of that Privilege is, that the Resolved, See. That the Bill he committed, upon the Alembers of the House of Commons may freely attend Debates of the House, to Air. Palmes, Sir 7’rev. Wil-the publick Affairs in that House without Disturbance or lit tins, Mr. Crouch, Air . Parc. Goring, Air Wynn, Sir Interruption; which doth extend as well to Appeals before

Rich.Port/, Sir Edw.Masters, Sir John Pctlus, Sir Wm. the House of Peers, as to Proceedings in other Courts.

'Lewis, Nw Era. Drake, Sir Fr. Russell, Mr. Stockdale, Sir 3- That, by the constant Course and Usage of Par-Anth.Jrlnp Sir Lanc.Lake, Mr. SerjeantMar/nard, Sir diament, no Alember of the House of Commons can

Nidi. Careic, Air Morrice, Sir Phiil. AJttsgrave, Colonel attend the House of Lords, without the-especial Leave

Gilhy, SirJos.Tridenham, Colonel Sand*, Sir Edw. Deer- of that House first obtained; much less be summoned 7/7g, Sir Jeofj'ry Shaker ley, Sir Cha. JIarhord, Mr. I. rice, or compelled so to do.

Sir Cha. IVheeler, Sir Wm. Buchutll, Sir RichAJ'emple,4- If the Lords shall proceed to hear and determine

Sir John Mallett, Sir John Trcver, Sir Rich. JVt/nn, aily Appeal, where the Party neither can nor ought to

Colonel Strode, Mr. Cho/mondley, Sir Fr.Jloll, anil all attend, such Proceedings would be contrary to the Rules

that serve for the Counties of I ’orke, Cumberland, morland, Monmouth, Hereford, Surry, Sussex, Hampshire, Devon, Wilts,"Lancashireand CheAnd all

18

of Justice.

/>. That the not determining of an Appeal against a Alember of the House of Commons is not a Failure , of

Justice,

Lords desire aCvmiertnce.

Agreed to.

Orders of the Day Cor tomorrow.

Former Ad-<irei>s for recalling Subjects Irom k\ aace.

27 Car. II.

Maii.

Justice, but only a Suspension of Proceedings, in a particular Case, during the Continuance of that Parliament, which is but temporary.

6. That in case it were a Failure of Justice, it is not to be remedied by the House of Lords alone; but it may be by Act of Parliament.

A Debate arising upon an Addition of some further Instruction to be given to the Managers of the Conference, for confining the Conference to the Matter of Privilege only;

Ordered, That it be referred to the former Committee, who drew up the Reasons, to prepare and bring in a Clause To-moiTQ\v Morning, on the Debates of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Balduyn and Sir Eduard Lone;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a Conference with this House, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber: And have commanded us to acquaint you,

: that they have agreed to the Bill, sent from this House, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Francis Compton to make Sale of the Manor of Hamcrton in the County of Huntington: And to the Amendments, sent from this House, to the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for granting a Licence to his Highness Prince Rupert Duke of Cumberland\ for One-a ml-thirty Years.

Aud the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to the Conference desired by the Lords, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber: And that the former Managers do attend the Conference.

And the Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that this House doth agree to the Conference, desired by the-Lords, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved\ &c. That both the Bills, the first concerning hindering Papists to sit in Parliament; and the other Bill, read Yesterday, to prevent the Growth of Popery, ,be read Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the (dock, ^successively: And, if Time will serve, that then the Jteportpf Chester. Election be received; if not, then it is to be received the next Sitting of the House, at Nine of :the Clock in the Morning.

tend to the Discountenance and Discouragement of those many Protestants, and other Confederates, now engaged in their common Defence against him, and to the Hazard of Flanders; which we humbly conceive to be contrary to the true and undoubted Interest of Your Majesty, and these Your Kingdoms, and like to prove of fatal Consequence: And therefore we do again presume to address ourselves to Your Majesty, and humbly pray, that Your Majesty would be pleased to recall Your Subjects that are in the Service of the French King.

Tellers,

for the Yeas, for the Noes,

94.

94.

The Question being put, That the Address be now read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

fSir John Mallet,

[Colonel Byrch,

Tellers fSir Chr- Masgrave,

loiters, ^Mr Collingumd,

And so the Yroices being even, and Mr. Speaker giving his Yroice with the Yeas;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Address was read.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of this Address to his Majesty, for recalling his Subjects, that are in the Service of the French King, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

A Motion being made on the Behalf of Mr. Hastings and Mr. Crooke, who now stand committed to the Ser-

jeant at Arms lor a Preach of Privilege; and Information being given, that they can clear themselves of the Matters objected against them, for which they were committed;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter concerning the Preach of Privilege, for which Mr. Hastings and Mr. Crooke stands committed; and to report the State of the Matter to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are appointed to sit this Day, do meet at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sir Tho. Littleton reports from the Committee appointed: ,to prepare, the further Address of this. House to Lis Majesty, for the rccallingsuch of his Subjects as are in ;the Service of the French King, an Address, prepared and drawn up in Writing; which he delivered in at the rCIerk’s Table: W hich is as followeth; viz.

WE Your Majesty’s humble and loyal Subjects, the Commons, assembled in Parliament, do, with all.Duty and Thankfulness,.acknow ledge Your Majesty’s gracious Promise, in answer',to Part of our former Address, to use all effectual Means, both to forbid and hinder the going over of any. more ,of Your Majesty's Subjects to the Service, of the French King: And we humbly crave Leave further to represent to your Majesty, That since 'the Peace made with the United Netherlands, notwithstanding the Declaration of Your Koval Pleasure, and all Endeavours used to the contrary, great and considerable Numbers of Your Subjects, us, well heretofore as since our (ate Application, have, and daily do transport themselves, out of several Parts of Your Majesty's Kingdoms and Dominions, for the Service of that King, as Recruits to the Troops and Regiments remaining the re at the Conclusion of the said Peace, receiving Encouragement so to do, as we have Reason to apprehend, by the Continuance of a standing Body of Your Majesty’s Subjects in that Service; whereby Your Majesty’s Honour and Authority has been disregarded, great Reputation given, and Success obtained, by that Assistance, in the ltehitif of the said King; and, if lpnger permitted, may Vol.TX,

Veneris,21° die Mali, 167 j.

Prayers.

JrJiedcrick Jlfoers dc Blczcensteindid this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization; and brought in a Certificate of his having received the Sacrament: And his Name being twice read;

Ordered, That the Name of Frederick de -

wcnsteincbe inserted in the Bill of Naturalization.

Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, committed by John Martin and Francis Billingsley, in serving the Agents and Servants of Sir John Stonehou-se, a Member of this House, with an Injunction, out of Chancery, to restrain the Felling and Carrying away of Wood;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter; and to report the State of it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to which the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, was committed, be revived; and do sit on Wednesday next, in the Place formerly appointed.

Resolved, See. That the House will, on Thursday Morning next, proceed in the Consideration of that Part of the Lords Answer to the Message of this House, in

the

Privilege- persons m custody to be examined.

Committees#

Privilege,

Insolvent

Debtors#

Privilege — Lords Jurisdiction in the Case of Mr. Onslowe.

344

at0 Mail

A \ 1675.

Conference desired with Lords.

the Case of Mr. Onsloxcc, which relates to Appeals from inferior Courts.

Onlaxd, That Sir Trevor Williams do go up- to the Lords, to desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Privileges of this House, contained in the Lords An*

To the First Reason, the Lords conceive, that the most natural Way of being informed, is by way of Question; and, seeing a Paper here, which did reflect upon the Privileges of the Lords House, their Lordships would not proceed upon it till they were assured it was owned by the House of Commons: But the Lords had

Papists not to sit in Parliament.

swer to the Message of this House, in the Case of Air. no Occasion at that time, nor do they now think fit, to

enter into the Debate of the House of Commons being, or not being, proper Judges, in the Case concerning the Privilege of a Member of that House; their Lordships necessary Consideration, upon Sight of that Paper, being only how far the House of Commons ordering, if that Paper were theirs, the Apprehension of Dr. Shirley, for prosecuting his Appeal before the Lords, did intrench upon their Lordships both Privilege, and undoubted Rights of Judicature, in the Consequence of it, excepting all the Members of both Houses from the Judicature of this the highest Court of the Kingdom; which would cause a Failure of that supreme Justice notadministrable in any other Court; and which their Lordships will never admit.

As to the Second Reason, the Lords answer, That

Ousloxc.

The Bill for hindering Papists to sit in either House of Parliament, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sic. That this Bill be committed *to Mr. Eyres, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Sir Nich.

Carat', Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Sir John

Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Leoline Jenkins, Sir Irby, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Hobby, Sir Cha. WhSir Sir Fr. Drake, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Air.

Stockdale, Lord O Bryan, Mr. Sacha' Sir Harvey, Sir Ja. Smith, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir blasters, Mr. Saxcyer, Mr. Colonel Birch, Air.

Sxinfen, Sir John Nexctoun, Sir Air. Newport,

Air. Hopkins, Sir John Dcraney, Sir Win. Killigrav, Air.

Daniel/, Mr. Bariie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir they do not apprehend, how the Alatter of this Message

John Barnaby, Sir Robert Southwell, Sir Baynhum Throg morton, Colonel Whitley, Colonel Mr. Halt, Sir

John Mailtit, Mr. Mallel: And all that shall come are

to have Voices: And they are to meet on next, at Two of the Clock in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Deoae forest. Ordered That Sir Wm.Bassett, Mr. Herbert, Sir Talbott, Mr. Danic/l, Sir John Bur/ace, Mr. Sir

is any Reflection upon the Speaker of the House of Commons.

To the Third Reason, The Lords cannot imagine, how it can be apprehended, in the least, to reflect upon the Flouse of Commons, for the House of Peers, upon a Paper produced unto their Lordships, in Form of a Warrant of that House, whereof Doubt was made among the Lords, whether any such thing had been ordered by that House, to inquire of the Commons, whether such War-John Ernlcy, Mr. Thynn, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Gilb. rant was ordered there or no; and, without such Liberty

Gerrard, Mr. Bartie, Mr. Duncombe, Sir Rich.Wiseman, used by the Lords, it w ill be very hard for their Lord-

Air. Pitt, Sir Ralph Bancks, Colonel Fox, Sir Drake, Sir Edu\ Hungerford, Sir Jos. Sir Edxe.

JIarley, Mr. I I'm. Harbord, Sir John Mallet t. Sir Cha.

Wheeler, Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm.Coventry, Mr. Newport, Sir I I'm. Bassett, Sir John Morton, be added to the Committee, to which the Bill for the Preservation of the Wood in the Forest of Deane, was committed.

ships to be so rightly informed, as to preserve a good Correspondence between the Two Houses, which their Lordships shall endeavour, or to know when Warrants, in the Name of that House, are true or pretended: And it is so ungrounded an Apprehension, that their Lordships intended any Reflection in asking that Question, and not taking notice, in their Alessage, of the Complaint of the House of Commons owning that Warrant, that the Lords

Privilege — lords .1 uris-d.ction in the Case of Mr. Onslowe.

c

Sir Thomas Txc reports from the Committee appointed had sent their Alessage, concerning that Paper to the

to draw up a Clause for further Instruction to the Ala-nagers of the Conference with the Lords upon the Privileges of this House, contained in the Lords Answer to the Message of this House, in the Case of Air. Onshore, a Clause agreed by the Committee: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Tabic: And the same being twice read, and agreed to, is as followeth;

But, before we proceed any further in this Conference, we are commanded to acquaint your Lordships, that w e

House of Commons, before the Lords had received the said Commons Complaint.

But their Lordships have great Cause to except against the unjust and strained Reflection of that House upon their Lordships, in asserting, that the Question in the Lords Message, could not be for Information, as we affirm, but tending to interrupt the mutual Correspondence between the Two Houses; which we deny, and had not the least thought of.

The Lords have further commanded us to say, That are to insist upon the Alatter of Privilege only; the House they doubt not, when the House of Commons have re

Conference

concerning Warrant for

of Commons not having yet fully debated that Part of your Lordships Alessage, which concerns receiving and determining Appeals from inferior Courts, in Cases where Privilege of the Alembers of the House of Commons is not immediately concerned.

Sir Trcver Williams reports from the Lords, that he had attended, and desired a Conference with the Lords, on the Privileges of this House, contained in the Lords Answer to the Alessage of this House, in the Case of Air. Onsloxce; and that the Lords will return Answer by Messengers of their ow n.

Air. Poxvie reports from the Conference had with the

Lords, upon the Subject Alatter of the former Conference, upon the Lords Alessage concerning the Warrant

ceived what we have delivered at this Conference, they w ill be sensible of their Error, in calling our Message strange, unusual, or unparliamentary; though we cannot but take notice, that their Answer to our Alessage, that they would consider of it, was the first 6f that kind that we can find to have come from that House.

The Question being put, Whether the House be satisfied with the Reasons delivered by the Lords at the last Conference;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Matter delivered at the last Conference: And that the former Alanagers do attend and manage the free Conference: And that these Members following be added; Sir Robert Howard, Sir Robert Carr,

Shkky.U "lg for apprehending l)r. Shirley, that the Lords had returned Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Mr. Gar-

un Answer to the Reasons of this House delivered at the former Conference; and are as followeth; viz.

The Lords have appointed this Conference, upon the Subject Alatter of the last Conference; and have commanded us to give these Answers to the Reasons, and other Alatters, then delivered by the House of Commons.

raxi'ay, Mr. Waller, Sir Edxc. Deerivg, Mr. Weld, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Mr. Stockdale.

Ordered, That Sir John Tr do go up to the Lords with these Bills; one intituled, An Act to preserve and regulate the Fishing in several Rivers of this Kingdom; the other, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to sell

Lands

Eills sent up to Lord*.

27 6ah. II. $i6 — 26^ — 27° Mail $45

Lands for Payment of the Debts <rf Meander Dacyts -deceased.

Duke of Resolved, &c. That the adjourned Debate, touching

Lauderdale, his Majesty's Answer to the Address of this House concerning the Duke of La, which was ordered to be taken up this Day, be further adjourned to this Day Sevennight.

Sidemnizn. Resolved, &c. That this House will solemnize the non ot 29th Nine-and-twentieth Day of this Instant May, being the Day af his Majesty’s Birth and happy Restoration, in St.

Margaret t't Church We and will meet first in

the House for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning, Right of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26 die Mau> 1675.

Praters.

(jEorge Gooderis, James , Martin

Frederick L'heureuxdid this Day take the Oaths 6f Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization: And the Certificates of their having received the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper being perused and allowed by Mr. Speaker;

Ordered, That George Gooderis, James Martin Dey tiers, and Frederick L'heureux, be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

'Privilege. A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir WDoyley, a Member of this House, by one Anthony of Norridge, and one

Richards, Bailiffs, by him employed, in arresting and suing Thomas Jermin, Henry Halls, and Edward Famine, Servants to Sir William Doyley, during the Session and Privilege of Parliament;

Resolved, tkc. That the said Anthony Mingay, and* Richards be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer their Breach of Privilege, in suing and arresting the Servants of Sir Win.Doyley, a Member of this House, during the Session and Privilege of Parliament.

ChesterWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ for Electing a new Member to serve for the City of Chester, in the room of Sir Tho. Smith Baronet, lately deceased.

Framls and A Bill, sent from the Lords, for Prevention of Frauds PeijuiH;*. aTlc] Perjuries, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time, in a full Housed

Fines and An ingrossed Bill fof the better Assurance of such as Recoveries, claim'under ancient Fines and Recoveries, was read, berfrg the*Third time of Reading.

An Amendment Was proposed to be inserted into the Bill' by adding these Words, " so as the Lands do lie in the sanre: Parish, within which the Ville lieth;" and thrice read; and, updnf the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &fc. That the said Bilt do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Assurance of such as datin’ under;ancient Fines and Recoveries.

Northern Ordered, That the1 Bill t6‘ prevent Theft and Rapine Border*. oh the Northefh Bordeti, be read a Second time, on Monday next.

Call of the The House then, according to former Order, pronoun. ceeded to call over the HouSe.

Which wastfocbrdingly done: And several of the Members making Default in their Attendance, and being again' called over; and shine of them, upon the Second1 Call, having the Excuses mhdeon their Behalf allowed by the’ House; but many others; for whom the Excuses offered Vox..' IX.

were disallowed; and there being several others, for whom no Excuses were offered;

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as were Defaulters in their Attendance of the Service of this House, be called over again on Tuesday next: And that*

Mr. Speaker do send a Letter to the several Sheriffs of such Counties wherein any Knight of the Shire is a Defaulter in his Attendance; and to every Mayor, Bailiff and proper Officer of any Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, or Cinque Ports, where any other Member is a Defaulter; to the end Notice may be taken of the Failure of their Duties, to the Places for which they serve; and that it be Referred to Sir Tho. ClergeSir Geo. Reeve, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Robert. Carr, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Nich. Mr.

Garrauay, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. May, Mr. Sache-verall, or any Three of them, to prepare a Draught of a Letter to that Purpose, j

Resolved, &c. That the House be called over again on this Day Fortnight: And that Letters of the satpe Nature shall be sent against such as shall then be found Defaulters.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin Cotton* and Sir Wm. Beversham; Estaw.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Cotton Esquire to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Elec- Privilege — tiens and Privileges, That the Committee, in pursuance ^'speale^* of the Order of this House, concerning the Commitment Warrant, of Mr. Hastings and Mr. Crooke, found the Commitment was grounded upon a Misinformation and Abuse of Thomas Procter, Deputy to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Hastings and Mr. Crooke had sufficiently cleared themselves of the Matters informed against them: And were therefore of Opinion, and had agreed a Vote, that Mr. Hastings and Mr. Should

be discharged, without paying any Fees.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Hastings and Mr. Croke b^ discharged of the said Commitment without paying any Fees: And that Thomas Procter, Deputy to the Serjeant at Arms, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, half an Hour after Nine of the Clock, to give an Account of the Misdemeanour and Abuse aforesaid.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 27* die Mali, 1675.

Prayers.

ABILL for draining of the Level of the Fens called Lindsey Lindsey Level, was read the Second time. LeveL

Resolved, ike. That this Bill, be committed to Mr.

Sawyer, Mr. Spry, Sir Edw.Masters, Mr. Chetwind, Mr.

Serjeant Rigby, Sir Hen.Ford, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Shackerley, Sir John Bamaby, Mr. Morgan, Col.

Sir John Talbott, Sir Gilbert GerrardSir Hayward,

Mr. Waller Chetwind, Mr. Eyres, Sir

Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Ja. Smith, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Col.

Titus, Major Broxholme, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Antho.

Irby, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Serj. nard, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sit Adam Browne, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir John NewtCaptain

Mr. Greenevile, Sir John Werden, Mr. Nicholas Morrict,

Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir , CoL

Birch, Sir Edm. Jenings, Lord Ogle, Mr. Oakley, Mr. Sacheverall, Sir Wm.Bucknall, Sir John Sir John

Bramston, Sir John Heath, Mr. Clerk, and all that serve for the several Counties of Lincolne, Northampton, Hunting-toil, and Cambridge: And all that shall come are to have.

Voices: And they are to meet on' next, at Two

54^ 27* — 28 M 1675.

of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to summon and hear all Persons concerned: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

t

Privilege — Thomas Procter the Serjeant at Anns his Deputy be-

Resistanre to ing called in, and examined, as to the Matter of Misde-tVarrant er8'hieanor and Misinformation, objected against him, and reported to the House, from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, concerning the Commitment of Mr. Hastings and Mr. Crolce

Ordered, That the Matter concerning the Misdemeanor and Abuse of Thomas Procter, Deputy to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; tore-examine; and to summon and hear Mr. Hastings and Mr. Croke, and other Parties concerned: And the Committee are desired to hasten their Report in the other Matter depending before them, between the Serjeant at Arms now attending this House, and Michaell Crake, concerning the Right to the Place of Serjeant at Arms; and to report the whole Matter, with their Opinions, to the House.

Defaulters to Ordered, That Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Call p( the Mr. Sackville, Mr. Thompson, Sir Adam Browne, Sir drill House. Wick, whose Excuses were allowed, be struck out of the List of Defaulters.

Serjeant at Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Arms to be House do attend Tomorrow Morning to give an Ac-examined. count to the House of the Behaviour of Thomas Procter his Deputy; and whether he gave him Directions to take Bail for the Appearance of Henry White and John Latham, committed for a Breach of Privilege.

Chester Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Pri-

Jdtcuon. vileges and Elections, the State of the Case in the Election for the City of Chester, between Robert Werden Esquire, and Wm. Williams Esquire; and Two Votes of the Committee thereupon: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which, being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Mr. Williams is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as a Citizen for the City of Chester.

Resolved, See. That Robert Werden Esquire is duly elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester.

Lords re- A Motion being made, to remind the Lords of a Mes-nuuded ot sa,e sen{ to them by this House, concerning the Privi-

nasu^e. iCges of this House, contained in an Answer to a Mes-

sage of theirs, in the Case of Mr. Onslow; the Lords having returned Answer, that they will send Answer by Messengers of their own: And that a Conference be again desired with the Lords, upon the Privilege of this House, in the Case of Mr. Onslow;

Ordered, That a Messuge be sent to the Lords, to remind the Lords of a Message sent to them by this House, concerning the Privileges of this House, contained in an Answer to a Message of theirs, in the Case of Mr. Onslow; the Lords having returned Answer, that they will send Answer by Messengers of their own: And that a Conference be again desired with the Lords upon the Privileges of this House, in the Case of Mr. Onslow: And that Sir Tho. Lee do go up to the Lords.

Suppressing The Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, was read Popery. the Second time.

A Proviso was tendered to be added to the Bill; and twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the , Debates of the House; and that the Proviso be committed, With the Bill, to Sir Cha, Wheeler, Sir Tho. Mr. Serjeant Seis, Sir Trever Williams, Sir Henry Ford, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. Neale, Sir Cha. Har-. Lord, Mr Serjeant Rigby, Mr. V Sir

Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Lakek

Mr. Cheney, Sir John Talbott, Sir Edicard Masters, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr. Powle, Sir Samuell Bamardiston, Mr.

Sawyer, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Swin-

fen, Mr. Sacheverall, Sir Adam Browne, Lord Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Leoline Jenkins, Sir John Covert, Lord Hawley, Colonel Titus, Mr.

Waller, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Colonel Kirkby, Colonel Strangxoayes, Sir Nich. Carew, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Heath, Captain Price, Mr. Serj. Maynard, Sir Robert Barnham, Sir John Frederick, Sir John Sir

Tho. Littleton, Col. Birch, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Weld, Captain Joim, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Sir John -

ventry, Mr. Newport, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr.

Sir Phil. Harcourt, Mr. Westfaling, Sir John Pettus,

Mr. Stockdall, Sir Hen.Gooddrick, Sir Hotham, Sir

Edward Harley, Lord Allington, Sir Franckland, Sir Nicholas Slaning, Mr. Eyres, Mr. May, Colonel Strode,

Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Herbord, Sir John Otxcay, Mr.

Nicholas Alorrice, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Wm. Wentxvorth, Sir John Trever, Sir John Dawney, Sir Doyley, Lord Fitzwilliams, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Nicholas Pelham, Mr. Finch, Mr. Progers, Col. Werden, I>ord Castleton, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir EdBainton, Sir John

Bramston: And all that shall come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Privilege — ing, proceed in the Consideration of that Part of the Lords pastor Mr. Answer to the Message of this House, in the Case of Mr. "* owe‘ Onslowe, which relates to Appeals from inferior Courts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of t he Clock.

Veneris,28* die Mail, 1675.

Prayers.

A BILL, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Cotton'* enable Charles Cotton Esquire to sell Hands for L*uu. Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill brought in, in pursuance of an Order of this Affidavit*. House, for taking Affidavits in the Country, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Lords, That he had privilege-attended and delivered the Message of this House, to re- Lords Juris, mind the Lords of a Message sent to them by this House, d'ction in ib« concerning the Privileges of this House, contained in an Onslo'w*- Answer of theirs, in the Case of Mr. Onslowe; and that the Lords had returned Answer to this Effect; viz.

That the Lords did not agree to a Conference, on the Message of the 21th Instant; because it was desired upon the Answer sent by the Lords, in the Case of Mr.

Onslowe, on the Seventeenth Instant; where the whole Matter concerns the Judicature of the Lords, on which they can admit no Debate, nor grant any Conference:

But this present Message being for a Conference concerning the Privileges of their House, the Lords have agreed to a Conference as on this Day, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, in the Painted Chamber; always provided, that nothing be offered at the Conference that may any ways concern their Lordships Judicature.

And the Matter of the Answer being debated;

Resolved, See. That by the Lords Answer there is no

Grant of a Conference upon the Matter, as it was desired by this House, in their last Message, in the Case of Mr.

Onslow.

Resolved, Sec. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of their Answer to the last Message of this House, in the Case of Mr.

Ordered, That these Members following do withdraw, and prepare Reasons, to be offered at the Conference; viz. Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mr.

Swinjen,

27 Car. II.

a8* — 3t* Mail.

347

Pioists not t.» Mt hi Parliament,

Stein fen. Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Charles , Mr;

Ptncie, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. , Sir Leoline

Jenkins, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Tho. Littleton, Col. Birch, Mr. Serjeant Jones.

Ordered, That Sir Treoer Williams, Mr. James, Mr. Weld. Mr. Stoclcda/e, Mr. Eveting, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Russell, Sir Fra. Roils, Sir Edw. Sir

milt Lucy, Sir Samuell Bernardiston, Sir Wm.

land, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Yorke, Witts, Southampton, and Surry, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for hindering Papists to sit in either House of Parliament, stands committed.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Bassett, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Richard Wiseman, Major Clarke, Mr. be

added to the Committee to whom the Petitions concerning Sir John Prettiman stands committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve as a Burgess for the Borough of Has'emore in the County of Surry, in the room of Thomas Morris Esquire, lately deceased.

Defaulter* to Ordered, That these Members following be struck out Call ut the of the List of Defaulters; viz- Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir House. Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Bennet, Sir John Brampston, Sir Tho. Byde, Mr. Harbord.

ir J. Pret-tuuau.

Hdslemore \V riL

Trivileye — Lo'ds Jurisdiction in the Case ol Mr. Outijwe.

| for the Yeas, for the Noes,

116.

124.

Court of Chancery.

Puke of Lauderdale.

Privilege — lords Jurisdiction in the Case of Mr. Onslowe.

The House then resumed the Debate of that Part of the Lords Answer to the Message of this House, in the Case of Mr. OnsUrwe} which relates to Appeals from Inferior Courts.

The Question being put, That the further Debate of this Matter be adjourned 5

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth;

, /Sir Wm. Bassett,

1*rs4culonel Birch,

rr 11 /Sir Wm. Hickman,

TeHers, £(iab Haroey,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That there lies no Appeal to the Judicature of the Lords in Parliament, from Courts of Equity.

Resolved, &c. That no Member of this House do prosecute any Appeal from any Court of Equity, before the House of Lords.

Resolved, 8tc. That the House will on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration the Increase of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery, and the Remedies against unjust Decrees there made.

Resolved, That the adjourned Debate, touching his Majesty’s Answer to the Address of this House, concerning the Duke of Lauderdale, be taken up on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of their Answer to the last Message of this House, in the Case of Mr. Onsknee, several Reasons agreed by the said Committee; which he read in his Place; ana afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table; Where the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed unto, and are as followeth; viz.

For that the Commons desired a Conference upon their Privileges concerned by the Lords Answer to a Message, sent to the Lords the Eighteenth of May, in the Case of Mr. Onslowe; their Lordships have not agreed any Conference in the Case of Mr. Onslowe; but have only agreed a Conference concerning their Privileges in general, without Reference to the Case of the said Mr. Onslowe; which was the only Subject Matter of the desired Conference. VoL. IX.

The Limitation in the Lords Agreement to a Conference, with Proviso, that nothing be offered at the Conference, that may any way concern their Lordships Judicature, is in Effect a Denial of any Conference at all, upon the Subject on which it was desired; which ought not to be, the Judicature which their Lordships claim in Appeals against a Member of this House of Commons, and the Privilege of that House being in that Case so involved, that there can be no Conference upon the latter, without some way touching upon the former.

That this Manner of agreeing to a Conference with any Limitation or Proviso, is against the Course of Proceedings betwixt the Two Houses of Parliament, in coming to Conference; and doth seem to place a Power in the Managers of such Conferences, to judge, w hether such Provisoes be broken, or not; and accordingly to proceed or break off the Conferehce upon their own Judgments.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 31* die Maii, 1675.

Prate rs.

JfyAvid Loggan did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization;

And the Certificate of his having received the Sacrament of the Lords Supper being perused and allowed by Mr.

Speaker;

Ordered, That the Name of David Loggan be inserted into the Bill for Naturalization.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Coun- Lindsey ties of Norfolk, Suffo/ke, Somersett, and he added L*ve1'

to the Committee to whom the Bill for Draining the Fens of Lindsey Level, stands committed.

Ordered, That Sir Nich. Carew, Mr. Hampden, Sir Deane Forert. Lee, Capt. Jones, Mr. Child, Mr. Pottle, Mr. Sacheverall,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Colonel Sands, Mr. Papiilui, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Preservation of Wood in the Forest of Deane, stands committed.

A Petition of Sir Ralph Ashton was read: And it be- Sir R-.ing doubtful whether the same be preferred within the ton*P<tlUoa‘ Time limited by the Order of the House;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine, whether the said Petition be preferred within the Time limited by the Order of the House; and report the Matter to the House.

A Petition of John Latham read.

Latbmn’a

Petition.

Sir Eduard Deering reports the Bill from the Com- Recovery of mittee for Repair of Churches, and Recovery of small Tythes, several Amendments, agreed by the said Committee to be made to the Bill, which, upon an Amendment made at the Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

And, some further Amendments being offered to the Bill;

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

A Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Northern Borders, was read the Second time. Border*.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir John Lowther, Sir Wm.

Lowther, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Collingwood, Sir Wm.

Coventry, Lord Ancram, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir Harvey,

Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Newport, Lord Morpeth, Col.

Birch, Sir John Otway, S>\rWm. Francklyn, Mr. Chetvyn,

Lord O'Bryan, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Edm.

Jenings, Mr. May, Sir Chr.Musgrave, Sir Colonel Strangwayes, Sir Wm. Blackett, Mr. Westfaiing,

Sir John Worden, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Frederick,

Mr.

3 J* Maii.^ — i'Jwtiu

A 1675*

t*erso*s summoned*

Conference desired with Lords*

Hearth

Money.

Letter sum* moning De» taulttrs*

Mr. StraugWayet, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir John Newton, A Message from the Lords, by JSir Moundeford Conference Sir Jolm Downey, Sir Robert Tkotnss, Mr. Patones, and all BrawpstoandJ>ir William Btversham; attend*sonner

that serve for the Four Northern Counties: And they Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Conference. «re to meet cm Wednesday nest, at Two of the Clock in quaint you, that they desire a.present Conference, in the the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And to send Painted Chamber, with the House of Commons, upon for Persons, Papers, and Records. their not coming to the Conference desired by them on

I Thursday last; and by the Lords appointed to be at Ten Ordered, That Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serjeant Pern- of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, on Friday the her tan, Mr. Serjeant Peck, and Mr. Charles Porter, be Twenty-eighth of this instaut May. summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning, The Messengers being withdrawn; and the Message Ten qi the Clock. debated; and a present Conference, upon the Question,

agreed; and the Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker Ordered, That Sir Leoline Jenkins do go up to the acquaints them, that the House had agreed to a present Lords to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter Conference.

of their Answer to the last Message of this House, in the Ordered, That the sonner Members, that were ap-Case of Mr- Onskrwe. pointed to manage the former Conference, in the Case of

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Sacheverall Mr. Mr. do attend and manage this Conference.

Powle, Sir Edw. Bainton, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Hamp- Sir John Tracer reports from the Conference, That the

den, Sir Fr. Drake, Mr. Garraivay, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Lords had declared the Intent of the Conference, to the Tho. Littleton, Mr. Streete, Colonel Titus, Sir Tho. Zee, Effect following;

Sir Elyab Harvey, or any Three of them, to inspect the That the Lords have appointed this Conference, out Journals of the Lords House, and see what Proceedings of that constant Desire ana Resolution they have to con-have been in the Case wherein Mr. Dahnahoy is concerned; tinue a fair Correspondence between the Two Houses; and in the Case wherein Mr. Onslowe is concerned, since which is of the Essence of Parliamentary Proceedings, the last Report; and to report it to the House. For this End their Lordships have commanded us to

tell you, that they cannot but take Notice of the House Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Wednesday of Commons failing to be on Friday last at a Conference,

Morning next, proceed in the further Consideration of desired by themselves, and appointed by the Lords, at

the remaining Amendments to the Bill for Regulating Ten of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber:

the Duty arising by Hearth Money. That they conceive it tends to an Interruption of all

Parliamentary Proceedings; and to evade the Right of Sir Tho. Meres reports from the Committee appointed the Lords, to appoint Time and Place for a Conference, to prepare and draw up a Form of a Letter to be sent into Ordered, That it be referred to the former Committee, the several, Shires and Places where any Members are who are appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at ~ ' " ----- a Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject

Matter of their Answer to the Message of this House, in the Case of Mr. to consider of the Matter delivered by the Lords at the last Conference; and to prepare and draw up further Reasons to be offered at another Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference: And that the Committee do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And Mr. Serjeant Maynard and Mr. Sawyer are to have Notice to attend the same.

Duke of Lauderdale.

Defaulters, in Attendance on the Service of this House, a Draught of a Letter agreed by the Committee: Which being read, and, upon the Question, agreed, is as fol-Joweth; viz.

Gentlemen,

THE House of Commons, having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, and particularly of that serves for your Borough; I

am commanded to acquaint you with it, that you may give Notice thereof to your, said Member, to the end he may no longer neglect his Duty to this House, and the Performance of that Trust you have reposed in him, to the Prejudice of the Publick as well as your Interest: Against which Offence this House intends to proceed further with all Severity: And you are to give an Account of the Receipt, apd'of what you have done hereupon, unto

Your loving Friend.

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate, touching his Majesty’s Answer to the Address of this House concerning the Duke of Lauderdale.

The Question being put, That a further Address be presented to his Majesty, to remove the Duke of Lauderdale from all his Employments; and from his Presence and Councils, for ever; being a Person obnoxious and dangerous to the Government;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

y, } fortteYEas' ‘36-

Ordered, That all Committees which are appointed Committee* to sit this Day, be adjourned till Tomorrow Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, except the Committee to whom it is referred to draw up Reasons for a Conference with the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till To-morfow Eight of the Clock.

Morning,

Martis, 1* die Junii, 1675. Prayer s.

ABI L L for Payment of the Debts, and settling the Marclmnt’* Estate of Henry Marchant a Lunatick, was read E*ui«. the Second time.

Resolved,&c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Weld,

Mr. Sacheverall, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir Robinson, Mr.

Mallett, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Trever Williams, Mr.

Lords Answer to Message,

Price, Mr. Eyrs, Mr. Foote, Sir Russell, Sir Ja. Smith, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Wood, Sir Tho. Byde, Mr. Tulse, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Cholmondley, Sir Masters, Mr. Mallett,

Sir John Pettits, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Jay, Sir Hcwe

Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Powle, Mr. Bennett, Mr. and all that serve for the

Sir Leoline. Jenkins reports, That he had attended the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet Tomorrow, Lords with the Message of this House, for a Conference at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s upon the Subject Matter of the Lords Answer to the last Chamber: And to sendfor Persons, Papers, and Records.

for the

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee that prepared the last Address, to prepare and draw up this further Address, upon the Debates of the House.

Message of this House, in the Case of Mr. j and

that the Lords, had sent Answer, that they would return Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Cotten’* enable Char les Col ten Esquire to sell Lands for payment

17 of

m

27 Car. II. 1 Juniu349

of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed to Mr.

Gray, Mr. Choldmondley, Sir Tho. Mr. Crouch,

Sir JVm. Doyley, Mr. Westfalin Colonel Strode, Mr.

Eyres, Colonel Gilby, Sir Edxv. Mr. Marvell,

Sir John Mallett, Mr. Slockdale, Sir Hence, Mr.

Spry, Wr.Palmes, Sir Scroope Horce, Sir John Hot ham, Mr. Morris, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Sir Richard

Francklyn, Sir Trever Williams, Sir John Heath, Colonel

Sands, Mr. JVeld, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Edm. Sir

Eliah Harvey, Mx.Garraxvay, Sir Shakerley, Colonel

Gray, Sir Fr.Drake, Mr. Dalton, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Hen. Thompson, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Francis Rolls, Sir Tho.

Mompesson, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Mr. Bennett,

and all that serve for the Counties of Derby,

Stafford and Nottingham; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records

Russell’s, &c. Mat.

An ingrossed Bill for the Naturalization of Theodore Russell, and others, was read a Third time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Naturalization of Theodore Russell, and others.

Bills sent to Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Rigby do go up to the Lords* Lords, with these Bills following;

A Bill intituled, An Act for the better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries; and another Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of Theodore Russell, and others.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Thomas Whitmer have the Leave

Absence. Df this House to go to the Bath.

Jurisdiction — D al mail oy’s and Onslowe's Ca&es,

Ordered, That Mr. Hobby have the Leave of this House to go into the Country.

Privilege Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Committee appointed

against Lords to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords: and to see what Proceedings have been entered in the Case of Mr. Dalmahoyand Mr. That they had in-

spected the Lords Journals, as to the Case of Mr. -mahoy; and collected what Proceedings had been in the Case; but had no Opportunity or Time yet to do it in the Case of Mr. On slow: Which Proceedings, being reported, were read; and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and are as followeth; viz.

" 190 1675.

" The Appeal, brought by Crispe and Crispe, and complaining against a Decree in Chancery made, wherein Mr. Dalmahoy is recited to be one of the Plaintiffs."

" Cranborne and Boxcyer is ordered to put in an Answer; and Dalmahoy, if he please."

" May 12®, 1675.

Ordered, That this House will hear Counsel at the Bar, upon the Petition and Appeal of Sir Nicholas Crispe, and others, against the Lady Viscountess the

Lady Anne Boxcyer, and Thomas Dalmahoy Esquire, and their Answer thereunto, depending in this House, on Wednesday the Nineteenth of this instant May, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon; whereof the Petitioners are to cause timely Notice to be given to the said Defendants, or their Agents in the said Cause, for that Purpose."

" May the 19th, 167J.

" Whereas Sir NicholasCrispe Baronet, having an Appeal

depending in this House against the Lady Lady Boxcyer, and Thomas Dalmahoy Esquire, a Member

of the House of Commons, hath prayed, that Counsel may be assigned him to plead his Cause upon the said Appeal; and hath named Counsel for that Purpose; it is Ordered, That Sir John Churchill, Serjeant Peck, Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Porter, named by the said Sir Nicholas Crispe, be and are hereby appointed to open and manage the said Cause, on the Part and Behalf of the said Sir NicholasCrispe, on Thursday the Twenty-seventh

Vo L. IX.

Day of this instant May, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and at such other Times as it shall be depending in this House."

" U pon reading the Petition of Sir Nicholas Crispe Baronet, Thomas Crispe, and John Crispe Esquires, shewing, that, having an Appeal depending in this House, against Thomas Dalmahoy Esquire a Member of the House of Commons, and others, they are in Danger of being arrested, by an Order of the I louse of Commons; and therefore pray the Protection of this House, that they may have Liberty to prosecute their said Appeal with Freedom

" It is thereupon Ordered, That the said Sir Nicholas Crispe, John Crispe, and Thomas Crispe, and every of them; as also their Counsel, Agents, and such other Person or Persons as they shall employ in prosecuting the said Appeal before this House; be and are hereby privileged and protected accordingly by this House, until the Matter uport the Appeal be determined by their Lordships: And all Persons whatsoever are hereby prohibited from arresting, imprisoning, or otherwise molesting the said Sir Nicholas Crispe, John Crispe, and Thomas Crispe, or any of them, their or any of their Counsel, Agents, or Solicitors, upon any Pretence whatsoever, during the Time prefixed, as they, and such of them, will answer the contrary to this House."

" Mali 26°

" The Cause between Sir Nicholas Crispe, See. Plaintiffs, and Thomas Dalmahoy Esquire, Defendant, appointed to be heard the Twenty-seventh, was ordered to be heard the Twenty-eighth May."

" Maii 27.

" Upon reading the Petition of Sir Nicholas Crispe, complaining, that the Counsel assigned him by this House to plead his Cause at the Bar, wherein Mr. Dalmahoy is one of the Defendants, do refuse to plead for him in this Case, in regard of a Vote of the House of Commons; Sir NicholasCrispe was called in; and testified, that he shew ed the Order of this House to Serjeant Peck, Serjeant Sir John Churchill, and Mr. Porter: Whereupon"

" It is ordered, That whereas Sir John Churchill, Serj.

Peck, Seij. Pemberton, and Mr. Porter, were, by Order of this House, dated on the Nineteenth Instant, assigned to be of Counsel for Sir Nicholas Crispe, John Crispe, and Thomas Crispe, in their Case depending in this House against Thomas Dalmahoy Esquire, a Member of the House of Commons, and other Defendants, at such Time as the said Cause shall be appointed to be pleaded at the Bar of this House, having appointed to hear the said Cause by Counsel on both Sides, Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; it is this Day Ordered, That the said Sir John Churchill, Serj. Peck, Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Porter, be and are hereby required to appear at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, as Counsel to plead in the said Cause, on the Behalf of the said Sir Nicholas Crispe, John and Thomas Crispe; as they will answer the contrary to this House."

" Maii 28, 1675.

" Counsel heard at the Bar on both Parts, upon the Petition and Appeal of Sir Nicholas Crispe, &c. and the Answer of Diana Viscountess Cranburne, See. and Tho^ mas Dalmahoy Esquire, put in thereunto, concerning a Decree in Chancery:

Resolved, That Petition and Decree be dismissed."

" May 28th.

" This Day the House heard the Counsel of Sir Nicholas Crispe,* John Crispe, and Thomas Crispe, upon their Petition and Appeal depending in this House; and also the Counsel of the Lady Boxcyer and Mr. Dalmahoy, upon their Answer thereunto: And after a serious Consideration thereof, the Question being put, Whether this Petition of Appeal shall be dismissed this House;

It was resolved in the Afiirmative."

Mr. Serjeant Pemberton, Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serj. Conmel com* Peck, and Mr. Porter, attendingat the Door, in obedience mitterf for to the Order of this House; and being severally called in; j ordsm^ Mr. Speaker did severally acquaint them, that they were bre shofPri-

4 T summoned vilege.

S

350

rX>

2° Junii.

A 1675.

summoned, to give an Account to the House of their ap- House of Lords; but it appearing, that his Answer was

V . _ _ - _ I «%ii 4>K /> l-f /\* 4- U L-I 4* I *~\ «/ I /-« ._ A. _ 1 - L_ A.U . — _ i. A. 1 . _ ll 1 _ _ _ L A.L . _ T X

put in, before any thing of the Privilege of this House was in question; and that he had since stood upon his Privilege, without appearing any further, or making any Defence therein;

The Question being put, That Mr. be sent

to the Prison of the Toncer;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Chape, Mr. John Crisps and Mr. Thomas Crispe, be summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

pearing as Counsel at the Bar of the House of Lords, in the Prosecution of a Cause depending upon an Appeal, wherein Mr. Dalmahoy, a Member of this House, is concerned; in the manifest Breach of the Order of this House; and giving up, as much as in them lies, the Rights and Privileges of the Commons of England.

And they having answered, and made their Excuses to the Effect following, That they had no Notice of the Order or Vote of this House, but what they had heard in common Discourse abroad; and because they conceived Mr. Dalmahoy, a Member of this House, might be concerned, they refused several times to ap- Information being given of a Petition delivered by Sir SirWm, pear as Counsel, or to accept their Fees: But being as- H illiaBassett, a Member of this House, against Mr. p^nioa! signed of Counsel for Sir Nicholas Crispe', and an Order Noszcorthanother Member of this House; 1 l0a*

of the House of Lords being served on them, to attend, Ordered, That the former Committee, appointed to at their Peril; and that then attending; and Mr. Dal- inspect the Lords Journals, do see w hat Proceedings they makoy having put in his Answer in the Lords House, and find in the Matter of the Petition, alleged to be delivered not insisting on his Privilege afterwards; and the Counsel by Sir I I’m. Bassett, to the Lords House, for the Lady Bowyer, who was the principal Party concerned, denying to be of Counsel for Mr. Dalmahoy; Ordered, That the Names of the Defaulters which ^efaulttrti they conceived they might safety appear as Counsel, with- were appointed to be called over this Day, be called over out Breach of the Order, or invading the Rights and Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Privileges of this House; which was not intended by

them. And Sir John Churchill, by way of further Ex- Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Matter Aulnage cuse for himself, said, that he had Witnesses ready to concerning the Duty of Aulnage is committed, be ad- Improve, that Mr. Dalmahoy was willing and desirous to journed; and do sit Tomorrow at Three of the Clock have the Business go forward. And the said Mr. Ser- in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed, jeant Pemberton, Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serjeant Peck,

and Mr. Poi'ter, did all of them humbly submit them- Ordered, That all Committees, which were to sit this Commute* selves to the Pleasure of the House, if they had in any Afternoon, be adjourned; and do sit Tomorrow, at Thing misbehaved themselves: Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Places for-

for the Yeas, 154.

146.

And being withdrawn; and the Matter debated;

The Question being put, That Serjeant Pemberton be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided.

The Y eas go out.

Tellers {sir Tho. SMnger, } for tlle Noes'

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Serjeant Pemberton be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered That Sir John Churchill be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Peck be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That Charles Porter Esquire be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, for his Breach of the Privilege of this House.

merly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Mercin ii,2* die Jinui, 1675.

Praters.

SIR Thomas Lee reports from the Committee ap- Reasons (nr pointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at a Con- Conference ference to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject

Matter of what was delivered by the Lords at the last Conference, several Reasons agreed by the Committee:

Which he read, and delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

And the same being twice read, w ere, upon the Question, agreed.

A further Reason was tendered, to be added to the former: Which was once read: And being debated;

Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Vaughan, and Sir Tho. Lee, do withdraw, and amend the Reasons upon the Debates of the House.

Which was done; and the Reasons agreed to are as followeth:

THE House of Commons do agree writh the Lords, that Conferences between the Two Houses of Parliament

A Member A Motion being made, That Sii John Fagg, a Member

committed of this House, who, without Leave, has appeared in the for appearing Lords House, and put in his Answer to the Appeal of breachof11* D°ctor Shirley; after the Matter of his Privilege was, at are essential to Parliamentary Proceedings, when they

Privilege. his Instance, in Question in this House: and a Message are agreed in the usual and Parliamentary Way: But

sent up to the Lords, on his Behalf; for his Breach of the Manner of the Lords Agreement to a Conference,

Privilege of this House, might be sent Prisoner to the to have been upon Friday the Twenty-eighth of May

Tower; last, at Ten of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, with

And the Matter being debated; Limitation and Proviso, was such, as did necessitate the

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg, a Memberof this House, House of Commons to forbear to meet at that Conicrence;

be sent to the Prison of the Tent er:And that Air. Speaker and gave the first Interruption to Parliamentary Pro-

do issue his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms attending eeedings, in Conferences between the Twto Houses, this House, for conveying him to the Tower, to be there For that the Conference, desired by the Commons, was kept in safe Custody, during the Pleasure of the House, upon their Privileges concerned in the Answer of the for his Offence in breaking the Privilege of this Flouse.

Ordered, That the Lieutenant of the Tower of London do take Sir John Fagg, a Alember of tins House, into his Custody, for his Offence in breaking the Privilege of this House; and him to detain in sale Custody, during the Pleasure of the House.

A Alotion being made, That Air. Dalnuthoy might be sent to the Trnver, for waving his Privilege, and putting in an Answer to a Petition exhibited lS

against him. in the

Lords to a Alessage of the House of Commons, sent to the Lords the Seventeenth of May, in the Case of Air. Onsloue; the which the Lords did not agree; but did only agree a Conference concerning their Privileges in general, w ithout Reference to the Case of the said Air. Onsloue, which was the only Subject Alatter of the desired Conference.

'Fhe Limitation in the Lords Agreement to a Conference, with Proviso, that nothing be offered at the Conference,

Defaulter! to Call of the House.

Address recalling Subjects Irom France.

Conference with Lords.

27 Car. II.

2® Junii.

ference, that may any way concern the Lords Judicature; is, in Effect, a Denial of any Conference at all upon the Subject, upon which it was desired: Which ought not to be.

The Judicature, which the Lords claim in Appeals against a Member of the House of Commons, and the Privilege of that House, in that Case, is so involved, that no Conference can be upon tire latter, without some way touching the former.

That this manner of agreeing to a Conference, with any Limitation or Proviso, is against the Course of Proceedings between the Two Houses of Parliament, in coming to Conferences; and doth seem to place a Power in the Managers of such Conferences, to judge whether such Provisoes be broken, or not; and accordingly to proceed, or break off the Conference, upon their ow'n Judgments.

The House of Commons doubt not, but that when the Lords have considered of what is delivered at this Conference, the good Correspondency which the Lords express they desire to continue between the Two Houses, (which the Commons also are no less careful to maintain) will induce them to remove the present Interruption of coming to Conferences; and therefore to agree to the Conference, as it rvas desired by the House of Commons, upon the Privileges of their House, concerned in the Lords Answer to the Message of the House of Commons, in the Case of Mr.

That the particular Limitation, that nothing be offered at the Conference that may any way concern the Judicature of the Lords, appears unreasonable; for that their Lordships Judicature in Parliament is circumscribed by the Laws of the Land, as to your Proceedings and Judgments, and is, as well as all other Courts, subjected to Parliament

The Names of Defaulters being called over, and several Excuses being now allowed, and their Names being struck out of the List;

Ordered, That the letter, agreed by the House, be sent to the Places where the Members are Defaulters, and their Excuses not allowed.

Ordered, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to desire him to issue out a further and fuller Proclamation for recalling his Subjects out of the Service of the French King, and for hindering any more from going over into that Service, by expressing, in such Proclamation, the Time of the Conclusion of the Treaty with the States General of the United Provinces', and by limiting a Time for his Subjects leaving off’ the Service of the French King; and to injoin the Officers of the several Ports, and all other his Majesty's Officers, to take effectual Care, that no more of his Subjects may go over into that Service: And that his Majesty be further desired, that Notice be given thereof to his Officers and Soldiers, now in the said Service, by such Ways and Means as to his Majesty shall seem meet: And that this Address be presented to his Majesty by the Secretaries of State, Members of this House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Matter delivered by the Lords at the last Conference: And Sir Edw. Deerbig is to go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference.

Sir Edw. Peering reports, That he had attended the Lords with the Message of this House, for a Conference, upon the Matters delivered at the last Conference; and that the Lords had agreed to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the former Managers do manage this Conference.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Conference had with the Lords, That they had attended the Conference; and had delivered the Reasons of the House at the said Conference.

Vol. IX.

35i

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice of the Commons Pleas and the "Lord Chief Baron;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a Conference with this House, at Ten of the Clock Tomorrow Morning, in the Painted Chamber, upon Matters of high Importance, concerning the Dignity of the King, and the Safety of the Government.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved\ &c. That this House doth agree, that a Conference be had with the Lords Tomorrow, at Ten of th6 Clock, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the Dignity of the King, and the Safety of the Government.

And the Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That this House had agreed to a Conference with the Lords Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, as it is desired.

The House then called upon Sir James Korfolke, the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to give an Account of Mr. Serjeant Pemberton, Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serjeant Peck, and Mr. Charles Porter, who w ere Yesterday committed to his Custody for their Breach of Privilege of this House: Who thereupon informed the House, That he was, by Force, interrupted in the Execution of the Order, and tiiey were escaped from his Custody.

And the Matter being debated; and the IIou^c altoge*. ther unsatisfied with the Account given, and the Excuse by him made, for not executing the Order of this House;

Resolved, &c. That Sir James Korfolke, the present Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for betraying his Trust, in not executing his Office, according to the Order of this House, in bringing in Custody Sir John Churchill, Serjeant Pemberton, Serjeant Peck, and Mr* Cha. Porter, to answer the Breach of Privilege against this House, he sent Prisoner to the Timer; And that Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Lieutenant of the Tower, for taking him into Custody.

Ordered, That his Majesty be addressed to appoint I another Serjeant at Arms to attend this House, in the stead of Sir James Korfhike', he having betrayed his Trust, in not executing his Office, according to the Orders and \ Direction of this House: And that such Members of; this House, as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do \ present the Address of this House to his Majesty.

w* ' r

Whereas Sir James Korfolke, Serjeant at Arms attending this House, after the Order of this House pronounced for his Commitment to the Tower, did withdraw himself, without Leave of the House; and being not to be found, though Inquiry and Search was made for him;

Ordered, '1 hat Robert Read Esquire, the Serjeant at Arms now attending this House pro tempore, by Direction of this House, do apprehend Sir;

and bring him to the Bar of this House.

Resolved, &c. That Sir James Korfolke shall not any longer have the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House he returned to Mr. Speaker, for his great Care of the Honour and Service of this House, in issuing his Warrant for executing the Order of this House, for taking the Persons into Custody, which were committed Yesterday to the Serjeant at Arms.

Whereas Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serjeant Peck, and Mr. Serjeant Pemberton, were, by virtue of an Order of this House X esterday, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms then attending this House; and, by the Negligence of the said Serjeant, have made their Escape:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to Robert Read Esquire, the Serjeant at Arms now attending this House, to bring the said Sir Churchill, Mr. Serjeant Peck, and Mr. Serjeant Pemberton, in Custody at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till To-inorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

I/wds j!es:fe a Conference!

Dismissal of the Serjeant for suffering persons to escape.

Committed to the Tower.

Address for

appointing

another.

Order for hit Apprehension.

Mr. Speaker

thanked.

Warrant for apprehending persons escaped.

rf*

3S»

3* Jur

rJ. 1675.

Jovis, 3’ die > 1673.

Turham

Election.

Kellshall Cha Hies.

I.0Y&

Kilmurry’s Debts, & c.

T R.A V F. It S.

ORDERED, That the House will, on

next, alter Ten of the Clock, proceed in the Consideration of the special Matter of the Report concerning the Election lor Durham.

Sir John Pettus reports from the Committee, to which the Rill for settling certain Lands and Tenements to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of the Parish of in the County of Sujf'olke, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which were twice read; and, with sotne Alteration made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Kilm and for raising Portions for Byron Needham and Charles Needham, Two of his younger Sons, was read; and the Words " without Issue,'’ being omitted, were, upon the Question, agreed to be inserted, and thrice read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Kilmuand for raising Portions for llyrcn Needham and Charles Needham, Two of his younger Sons: And that Sir John Birkenhead do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill for Preservation of Liberty of the King’s Subjects, was read a Third time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for Preservation of the Liberty of the King's Subjects.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Devon, and

Cornu'all, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill to abolish the Writ de stands committed: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir Littleton, Mr.

Serjeant Maynard, Sir Mr.

Mr Panic, Sir Robert Carr, Mr Mr. Secretary

Coventry, Mr. Gar rare ay, Mr. Sir Knight,

Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Lee, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Lawyer, Sir 7 Meres, Mr. Crouch, Sir EliabHarvey, Mr. Swin/cn, Sir Nicholas Carcw, be appointed to attend a Conference with the Lords upon Matters of high Importance, concerning the Dignity of the King, and Safety of the Government.

Co lfcronc* Mi-. Vaughan reports, That the Lord Privy Seal did onjommiuiil manage the Conference; and had delivered the Occasion oi Cou.itel, an(( Intent of the Conference: Which Mr. Vaughan did report to the House, to the Effect following;

The Lords do take Notice of the Ilonse of Commons their ordering into Custody of their Serjeant, Mr. Serjeant Peek, Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serjeant Pemberton, and Air. Charles Porter, Counsellors at Law, assigned by their Lordships to be of Counsel in an Appeal, heard at their Lordships Bar, in the Case of Sir Nicholas against the Lady Boxeyer, Air. and others.

The Lords in Parliament, where his Alajcsty is highest in his Royal Estate, and where the last Resort of judging upon Writs of Error and Appeals in Equity, in all Causes, and over all Persons, is undoubtedly fixed, and permanently lodged.

" It is an unexampled Usurpation, and Breach of Privilege, against the House of Peers, that their Orders or

Liberty of (lit bubject.

Writ for

burning

Heretics.

M? Timers

added to Conicreiice.

Judgments Should be disputed, or endeavoured to be controuled, or the Execution thereof obstructed, by the,

Lower I louse of Parliament, w ho are no Court, nor have

Authority to administer an Oath, or give any Judgment."

" It is a transcendent Invasion on the Right and Liberty of the Subject, and against Magna Charts, the Petition of Right, and many other Law s, which have provided, that no Freeman shall be imprisoned, or otherwise restrained of his Liberty, but by due Process of Law."

" This tends to the Subversion of the Government of this Kingdom, and to the introducing of Arbitrariness and Disorder:"

" Because it is in Nature of an Injunction from the,

Lower House, who have no Authority nor Power of Judicature over inferior Subjects; much less over the King and Lords, against the Orders and Judgments of the supreme Court."

" We are further commanded to acquaint you, That the Lords have therefore, out of that Justice, which they are Dispensers of, against Oppression, and Breach of Laws, by Judgment of this Court, set at Liberty, by the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, all the said Serjeants and Counsellors; and prohibited the Lieutenant of the Tozccr, and all other Keepers of Prisons, and Gaolers, and all Persons whatsoever, from arresting, imprisoning, detaining, or otherwise molesting or charging the said Gentlemen, or any of them, in this Case: And if any Person, of what Degree soever, shall presume to the contrary, their Lordships w ill exercise the Authority with them intrusted, for putting the Laws in Execution: And w e are further commanded to read to you a Roll of Parliament in the First Year of the Reign of King Hen. the Fourth, whereof we have brought the Original with us."'

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, Sec. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Alatter of the last Conference:

And that these Members following be appointed to prepare and draw up Reasons, upon the Debates of the House, to be offered at the Conference; Air. Secretary Coventry, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Serjeant Sir

Leolinc Jenk'mgs, Mr. Pexi le, Sir Robert Carr, Mr.

Sir JVm. Coventry, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Secretary JVilli unison, Sir John Knight, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Serjeant Rigby,

Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Swinjen, Colonel Titus, Sir

Hen. Capell, Sir Nicholas Carcra, Mr. Hampden, Sir

Trever, Sir John Erneley, Sir Tho. Mr. Cheney,

Sir Edward Bainton, Mr. Garmcay, Mr. Saxeyer, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Serjeant Air.

Sir ElyabHarvey, Sir Richard Temple, Sir

Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Attorney

Mountague, Mr. May, Colonel Birch, Mr. Serjeant Junes, Sir John Mallett, Sir Cha. Air. Eyres.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the apprehending Charles Porter Esquire; and bring him to the Bar of this House, to answer the Breach of Privilege objected against him.

A Petition of Sir John Faggwas read, submitting Privi|cge_ himself to the House, and craving their Pardon for his Petition from Offence, and praying, he might be released of his Iin- a Member in prjsonment.

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg be released and inlarged from his Imprisonment in the Tower.

Ordered, That the Officer, in whose Custody the Rc- Record to b*. cord of the First of Henry the Fourth, mentioned at the produced. Conference with the Lords, do attend the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons for another Conference, this Afternoon: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Information being given to this House, that one James Privilege. Abrathat,a Servant of Sir John Holman's, a Member of

this

27 Car. II.

3° — "4° Junii.

353

this House, and employed by him in receiving and . Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms now attending this paying Monies for him, and other necessary Services, for House do go with his Mace into and do

Privilege — Summoning Members to attend Lords.

which he allowed him Wages, is arrested by one Cushy, a Serjeant of London, at the Suit of John Lynch, and now detained in the Custody of the said Serjeant, in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the State of the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Information being given, that Sir Winch and

John Nappyer, are summoned to attend the Lords House, upon a Petition exhibited, and an Order there made, touching the making navigable certain Rivers in the Counties of Hei'tford and Bedford;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Lords Journals concerning the Proceedings therein; and to report the same to the House; viz. Sir Humfry Winch, Sir Tho. Metres, Sir Robert Carr, Mr.

Mr. < Sacheverell, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Swin-

fen. Sir Nicko. Carexo, Mr. Hale, Mr. Sir

Duncombe, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Zee, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Robert Howard, Sir John Trexer, Mr. Hampden, Sir Edward Bainton, Sir Cha.

Harbord, Sir John Mallett, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hertford; or any Three of them.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do attend the Lords House, upon any Summons from the Lords, w ithout Leave of tire House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

execute the Order of this House, and the Warrant of Mr. Speaker thereupon, for seizing and bringing in Custody Mr. Serjeant Peck, Sir John Churchill, and Air. Charles Porter, for their Breach of tire Privilege of this House.

The Serjeant returning, gave an Account, That he had executed the Order of this House, and Mi*. Speaker’s Warrant thereupon; and had brought the said Mr. Serjeant Peck, Sir John Churchill, and Mr. Charles Porter, in Custody, into the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Question being put, That Sir John Churchill be sent to the Tower, for his Breach of Privilege, and Contempt of the Authority of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers.

Sir Edmond Jenings, Mr. Guyn,

| For the Yeas, 152.

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 4° die Junii, 1675.

Prayers.

Repairing

Highways.

Tellers <P^lv Mallet, \ the

tellers,^Mr Serjeant Rigby, \’ 4/‘

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Peck, for his Breach of Privilege and Contempt of the Authority of this House, be sent to the Tower.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Pemberton be sent to the Tower, for his Breach of Privilege, and Contempt of the Authority of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Porter be sent to the,

for his Breach of Privilege, and Contempt of the Authority of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Lieutenant of the Tower, to take into his Custody the Bodies of Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serjeant Peck, Mr.

Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Charles Porter, for their Offence in breaking the Privileges, and contemning the Authority of this House; there to remain in safe Custody during the Pleasure of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms now* attending this House, to

A BILL for enlarging and repairing the common convey Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serjeant Peck, Mr.

Highways, was read the Second time. And several Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Cha. Porter to the Tower, Matters being moved, and debated;

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Anth. Irby,

Sir Robert Holmes, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Jeojf.

ley, Sir rThom. Stringer, Colonel Sands, Sir Courtney Poole,

Mr Westfaling, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir

Mr. Crouch, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir

John Covert, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Tho. Wil-

there to be kept in safe Custody during the Pleasure of this House, for their Offence in breaking the Privileges, and contemning the Authority of this House.

Mr. Hampden reports from the Committee appointed Proceedings to peruse the Lords Journals: and to see what Proceedings *" ^*°rfs

r , . ’ , 1 .1 tv Journals on

there were there concerning the making the River Ouse 0use Navi-in the County of Bedford navigable, A Petition, exhibited gation.

Hams, Sir John Elwayes, Sir Trexer Williams, Sir John by the Earl of Bullenbrook, on Behalf of himself and

Morton, Sir Robert Barnham, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Price, Colonel Strangxcaycs, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir Cha. Llarbord, Sir John Holland, Mr. Harbord, Lord Angier, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Cholmondly, Mr. Spry, Mr.

Roberts, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Wm.Coventry, Sir John Robinson, Sir John Talbott,

Sir John Pettus, Sir Ni. Starling, Sir John Mallett, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Colonel Werden, Sir Sam. Bcrnerdiston, Mr. Robert

Wright, Mr. Prideaux, Colonel Strode, Sir Tho. Dolman, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Cheney, Sir John Stapeley, Sir Era. Drake, Sir John Werden: And all that come are to

have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

others; and an Order of the Lords House, dated the Twenty-eighth Day of May last: Which he read; and the Petition relating to an Act of Parliament, for making the River Ouse navigable;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the former Committee, to inspect the Act of Parliament; and to examine what Proceedings there hath been thereupon, or concerning the making the said River navigable; and to state the w hole Matter, with their Opinions, to the House,

Post Meridiem.

Mr. Speaker thanked.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue OUt a Serjeant at Warrant to John Topham Esquire, Serjeant at Arms now Arms to be attending this House, to authorize and require him, that, if Protecte<i*

Apprehension of Persons escaped.

Ordered, That the Thanks of the House be returned to Air. Speaker, for causing Mr. Serjeant Pemberton, any Person or Persons shall attempt or go about to arrest, formerly committed, by Order of this House, to the imprison, or detain him from executing his Office, or Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, from his Attendance upon this House, to apprehend such for a Breach of Privilege, to be seized, and taken into Persons, and' bring them in Custody, to answer their Custody, in Westminster Hall, for his Breach of Privilege!. Breach of Privilege; atld to require and authorize all The House being informed. That Sir John Churchill, Persons to be aiding and assisting to him therein.

Mr. Serj. Peck, and Mr. Charles Porter, w ho were ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Amis attending this House, are now in Westminster; Vox.. IX.

Resolved, See. That John Topham Esquire, Serjeant at Arms now attending this House, shall have thd Privilege of this House.

4 U Shr

tlitheroe

Election.

Conference desired with Lords.

Conference on Commitment of Counsel.

354 4° — 5a Junii. A. 1675.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of" Elections and Privileges, that Sir Ralph Ashton's Petition came in within Fourteen Days: And that the Committee . were of Opinion it came regularly.

Ordered, That the Committee do proceed upon the Petition, to examine the Matter touching the Election for Clitheroe, between Sir Ralph Ashton, and Sir Thomas

Stringer; and report the state of the Case, with their Opinions, to the House.

Resolved, That Sir Henry Capcll do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Matters delivered at the last Conference.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Committee, the Reasons agreed to be offered at the Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Matters delivered at the last Conference: Which were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, severally agreed; and are as followeth; viz.

YOUR Lordships having desired the last Conference, upon Matters of high Importance, concerning the Dignity of the King, and the Safety of the Government; the Commons did not expect to hear from your Lordships at that Conference, Things so contrary to, and inconsistent with, the Matter upon which the said Conference was desired, as were then delivered by your Lordships.

It was much below the Expectation of the Commons, that, after a Representation in your Lordships Message of Matters of so high Importance, the Particular upon which the Conference was grounded, Should be only the Commitment of Four Lawyers to the Custody of their own Serjeant at Arms, for a manifest Violation of the Privileges of their House.

But the Commons were much more surprized, when your Lordships had introduced the Conference, with an Assurance it was in order to a good Correspondency between the Two Houses, that your Lordships Should immediately assume a Power to judge the Order of the House of Commons, for the Imprisonment of Mr. Serj. Peck, Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serj. Pemberton, and Mr.

Charles Porter, to be illegal and arbitrary, and the Execution thereof a great Indignity to the King’s Majesty, with many other high Reflections upon the House of Commons, throughout the whole Conference; whereby your Lordships hath condemned the whole House of Commons as criminal: Which is without Precedent, or Example, or any Ground of Reason so to do.

Mis not against the King’s Dignity for the House of Commons to punish by Imprisonment a Commoner, that is guilty of violating their Privileges, that being according to the known Laws and Custom of Parliament, and the Right of their Privileges, declared by the King’s Royal Predecessors in former Parliaments; and by Ilimself in this.

But your Lordships claiming to be the supreme Court, and that his Majesty is highest in his Royal Estate in the Court of Judicature there, is a Diminution of the Dignity of the King; who is highest in his Royal Estate, in full

O' O 7

Parliament; and is derogatory to the Authority of the whole Parliament, by appropriating it to yourselves.

The Commons did not infringe any Privileges of the House of Peers, but only defend and maintain their own: On the other Side, your Lordships do highly intrench upon the Rights and Privileges of the House of Commons, denying them to be a Court, or to have any Authority or Power of Judicature; which, if admitted, will leave them without any Authority or Power to preserve themselves.

As to what your Lordships call a transcendent Invasion of the Rights and Liberty of the Subject, and against Magna Charta, the Petition of Right, and many other

Laws; the House of Commons presume, that your Lordsliips know, that neither the Great Charter, the Petition of Right, nor any other Laws, do take away the Law and Custom of Parliament, or of either House of Parliament; or else your Lordships have much forgotten

the Great Charter, and those other Laws, in the several Judgments your Lordships have passed upon the King's Subjects, in Cases of Privilege.

But the Commons cannot find, by Magna Charta, or by any other Law or ancient Custom of Parliament, that your Lordships have any Jurisdiction, in Cases of Appeal from Courts of Equity.

We are further commanded to acquaint you, that the Enlargement of the said Persons imprisoned by Order of the House of Commons, by the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; and the Prohibition, with Threats to all Officers and other Persons whatsoever, not to receive or detain them, is an apparent Breach of the Rights and Privileges of the House of Commons: And they have therefore caused them to be retaken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, and hath committed them to the Tower.

As to the Parliament Roll of 1st IV. caused to be

read by your Lordships at the last Conference, but not applied, the Commons apprehend it doth not concern the Case in Question; for that this Record w as made upon Occasion of Judgments given by the Lords, to depose and imprison their lawful King; to which the Commons were unwilling to be made Parties: And therefore the Commons conceive it will not be for the Honour of your Lordships, to make further Use of that Record.

But we are commanded to read to your Lordships the Parliament Roll of the 4th of Edward the Hid, N° b; which if your Lordships please to consider, they doubt not but your Lordships will find Occasion to apply it to the present Purpose.

Sir Hen. Capell reports, That he had attended the Lords, to desire a Conference: And that the Lords made Answer, That they would return Answer by Messengers of their own.

And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Subbuti, 5° die , 1675.

Pratf.us.

"A , TR. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That 1VX he had Command from llis Majesty, to let the House know, that it was His Majesty's Desire, that the House would adjourn till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; and had sent a Message to the Lords, to adjourn to that Time: And that llis Majesty had commanded both Houses to attend Him then at the' Banqueting House in Whitehall.

A Debate arising, touching the Removing Topham Esquire, Serjeant at Arms in Ordinary, who attended the House Yesterday;

Resolved, See. That the further Debate of the Matter, touching Mr. Topham Serjeant at Arms, who attended the House Yesterday, be adjourned till Five of the Clock this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met, Mr. Speaker and the House went to attend His Majesty at Whitehall.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, returned from -

hall.

Mr. Speaker reports, That in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, he had attended his Majesty; and that His Majesty, to prevent Mistakes, had delivered in Writing what he did declare to both Houses: Which Mr. Speaker read twice: And the same is as follow eth,

My

Lords Answer as to Conference.

Message from the King about Adjournment.

Serjeant at Arms.

The King attended.

6

o

The Kind's Speech*

Thanks for Speech;

'Resolution that no Member has contrived the Disputes between the two Houses.

Serjeant at Arms.

Cotton's

fcstati.

27 Car. II.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

YOU may remember, that at the Meeting of this Sessions I told you, no Endeavours would be" wanting to make the Continuance of this Parliament unpracticable: I am sorry that Experience hath so quickly shewed you the Truth of what I then said: But I hope you are" all Convinced, that the Intent of all this, in the Contrivers, is to procure a Dissolution. 1 confess, I look upon it us a most malicious Design of those w ho are Enemies to Me and the Church of England; and, were the Contrivers known, I Should not doubt but the Dislike of their Practices would alone be a Means of bringing the Houses to a good Understanding: But since I cannot prescribe any Way how to arrive at the Discovery of it, I must tell you plainly My Opinion, That the Means of coming to any Composure betwixt yourselves, cannot be without admitting of such full Conferences as either convince one another by the Reasons then offered; or enable Me to judge rightly of the Differences, when all hath been said upon both Sides, which the Matter will afford: For I am not to suffer these Differences to grow to Disorders in the whole Kingdom, if I can prevent it; and I am sure, My Judgment shall always be impartial between My Tw o Houses of Parliament.

But I must let you know, that whilst you are in Debate about your Privileges, I will not suffer My own to be invaded.

I have nothing more to say at this Time, but to desire, as I did, when we met first, that you would yet consider, and not suffer ill Mens Designs to hinder this Sessions from a happy Conclusion.

Resolved, Nemine contradicentThat the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for the gracious Expressions in his Speech, this Day made to both the Houses of Parliament: And such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Privy Council, are desired to present the humble Thanks of this House to His Majesty.

The Question being propounded, That it doth not appear to this House, that any Member thereof hath either contrived or promoted the Difference between the Two Houses of Parliament; or, in asserting the Rights of the Commons of England, and the Privilege of this House, to have done any thing inconsistent with his Duty, or the Trust reposed in him.

The Question being put, That the Word " appear" do stand in the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out.

, fSir John Cotton,

TeUers,^r. Collingwood,

Tel, CTS-selfeW"rmple, } For ,l,e Noes’ ,04'

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That it doth not appear to this House, that any Member thereof hath either contrived or promoted the Difference between the Two Houses of Parliament; or, in asserting the Rights of the Commons of England, and the Privilege of this House, to have done any thing inconsistent with his Duty, or the Trust reposed in him.

Resolved, That the adjourned Debate, touching Mr. Topham Serjeant at Arms, who attended the House Yesterday, - be taken up on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

For the Yeas, 171.

Lima, 7* die 1675.

Prayers.

SI R John Mallet reports from the Committee to which the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Cotton Esquire, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, and raisin* Vol. IX.

Junii 355

Portions for younger Children, One Amendment agreed by the Committee to be made, by inserting the Word " oft," after " out," in the 6th Skin: Which being twice read, and agreed;

The Bill, with this Amendment, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass: And that it be returned to the Lords.

A Petition of Anthony Mingay, committed to the Privilege-Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, on the Behalf of himself Petiiionfrom and one Richards, by him employed in arresting the a P"*on m Servants of Sir William Doyley, was read; confessing the CUS Offence, and praying the Pardon of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mingay be discharged from his Commitmenf to the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

And he being called in, and upon his Knees at the Bar,

Mr. Speaker gave him a Reprimand, and discharged him accordingly.

Information being given of a Breach of Privilege being Privilege of committed against Sir Wm. Wentworth, a Member of Member in this House, by Edward Copley Esquire, and John Slllt‘

Gentleman, in causing several Declarations in Ejectment to be delivered to the Tenants of the said Sir Wentworth, and prosecuting the same by one an Attorney, to evict the said Sir out of the

Possession of certain Lands in the County of York during the Session and Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning the said Breach of Privilege of Sir Wm. JVenhcorthbe referred to the

Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Weld reports from the Committee, to which the Writ for Bill to abolish the Writ de lleeretico comburendo some burning

Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read, with the Heretlcs' Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The ingrossed Bill for continuing a former Act for Exporting Exportation of Leather was read the Third time; and Leather, debated: And the Proviso at the latter End of the Bill, upon the Question, ordered to be left out; and with another Amendment, agreed and made at the Table, omitting the Words, " and made perpetual," ordered to be ingrossed anew.

Ordered, That Sir John Mallett do go up to the Lords sent to with these two Bills; viz. the one intituled, An Act to Lor s‘ enable Charles Gotten Esquire to send Lands for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children:

The other intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Kilmurrand lor raising Portions for Byron Needham and Charles Needham, Tw o of his younger Sons.

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate Serjeant at concerning John Topham Esquire, Serjeant at Arms. Arms.

Resolved, See. That what John Topham Esqui[e Serjeant at Arms attending this House did, in retaking, bringing in Custody, and conveying to the Tower, Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serjeant Peek, Mr. Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Charles Porter, was in Pursuance of his Duty, and by the Order of the House.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate concerning Topham Esquire Serjeant at Arms, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

A Copy of an Order of the Lords Spiritual and Tern- Privilege poral in Parliament assembled, dated the One-and-thirtieth of May last, and served on Sir John Fagg on Friday last, *djction. w as tendered, and read; whereby the Lords have ordered S

to

Privilege — Lords

Proceedings about Com-ndcment of Counsel.

Resolutions enforcing the Execution of Commitments by th House.

5 56 f — 8°

to hear Counsel at the Bar, in the Cause upon the Appeal there brought by Thomas Shirley Esquire, against the said Sir John Fagg, and the Answer thereunto, on Tuesday the Eighth Day of this Instant June, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That, as to the Case of Appeal, brought against Sir John Fagg, in the House of Lords, Sir John Fagg shall have the Protection and the Assistance of this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That, if any Person or Persons shall be aiding or assisting in putting in Execution any Sentence or Judgment that shall be given by the House of Lords, upon the Appeal brought by Dr. Shirley, against Sir John Fagg, a Member of this House; such Person and Persons shall be adjudged and taken to be Betrayers of the Rights and Liberties of the Commons of England, and the Privileges of this House; and shall be proceeded against accordingly.

Ordered, That these Votes be made publick, by setting them up in Westminster Hull, and in the Lobby of this House: And that the Clerk of the House do take care to see it done.

The House being informed, that the House of Lords have ordered a Habeas Corpus to issue forth under the Great Seal, for bringing Sir John Churchill, Serjeant Peck,

Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Charles Porter, to the Bar of their House;

Ordered, That those Members that were appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, in the Case of the Lords Proceedings, touching the making navigable the Rivers in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, do inspect the Journals and Minutes of the Proceedings of the House of Lords, touching the Commitment of the said Sir John Churchill, Mr. Serjeant Peck, Mr. Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Charles by Order of this

House.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

SIR Thomas Littleton reports, That, in Pursuance of the Order of the House, the Committee appointed to to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, went to Mr. Browne's House; and that Mr. Walker went to Mr.

Browne, to acquaint him therewith: And that Mr. Browne returned this Answer, That he could not shew the Minutes, or acquaint them with any thing that hath been done this Day.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That no Person committed for Breach of Privilege, by Order of this House, ought to be discharged during the Session of Parliament, but by Order or Warrant of this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Lieutenant of the Tower, in Receiving and Detaining in Custody Sir John Churchill, Serjeant Peck, Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Porter, performed his Duty according to Law: And for so doing he shall have the Assistance and Protection of this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Lieutenant of the Tower, in case he hath received or shall receive any Writ, Warrant, Order, or Commandment, to remove or deliver any Person or Persons committed for Breach of Privilege, by any Order or Warrant of this House, shall not make any Return thereof, or yield any Obedience thereunto, before he hath first acquainted this House, and received their Order and Directions how to proceed therein.

Ordered, That these Resolves be immediately sent to the Lieutenant of the Tower.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning*, Eight of the Clock,

Jtiniu . 1675.

Mariis, 8* die Junii, 1675.

Prayers.

R D E RE D, That the Report concerning the State Trade with of the Matter between France and England, in re- France, ference to trade, be heard Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The ingrossed Bill for Continuance of a former Act, Exporting intituled, An Act for Continuance of a former Act for Leather, giving Liberty to buy and export Leather and Skins tanned and dressed, was read the Third time.

A Proviso was tendered, to be made Part of the Bill; and twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and read a Third time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill, with the Proviso agreed to, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Continuance of a former Act, intitutled, An Act for giving Liberty to buy and export Leather and Skins, tanned and dressed: And Sir Thomas Littleton is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Lords acquaint them, That, in order to preserve a good Cor- reminded of respondency between the Two Houses, the Knights, ^nfereucT Citizens and Burgesses in Parliament assembled, had r ac' sent to remind their Lordships of the last Message, wherein a Conference was desired with them, by this House, upon the Matters delivered at the last Conference, by the Lords: And that Sir Thomas do go up to

the Lords with the said Message.

Sir John Robinson, Lieutenant of the Tower, gives an L:eut«nant Account to the House, of his receiving the Persons of Tower committed to the Tower, into his Custody, in Obedience receives .0 the Order of this House; and that the Black Rod, coming afterwards with an Order from the Lords, and demanding them out of his Custody, he denied to deliver them, because they were committed by Order of this House: And that, after he had received the V otes of this House, last Night, relating to the said Persons, now Prisoners in the Tower by Order of this House, Sir George Charnock Serjeant at Arms, attending the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, brought him four several Writs of Habeas Corpus, under the Great Seal of England,

for bringing the said several Persons this Morning at 'Fen of the Clock, before His Majesty, in his present Parliament at Westminster: And that he did, according to the Vote of this House, humbly crave the Advice and Direction of this House, what he Should do therein:

And the Matter being debated;

Resolved,& c.

Mr. Speaker did, by the Direction of the House, Directed not intimate to Sir John Robinson, Lieutenant of the Tower, to return that he Should forbear to return the said Writs of them. Habeas Coi'pus;acquainting him, that it was the Opinion

of the House, that he could be in no Danger in not returning the same.

The several Writs of Habeas Corpus issued out under the Great Seal of England, and directed to Sir John Robinson Lieutenant of the Tower, for bringing the Bodies of Mr. Serjeant Peck, Mr. Serjeant Pemberton, Sir John Churchill, and Mr. Porter, befor his Majesty, in his present Parliament at Westminster, about Ten of the Clock this Morning, being severally read; and the Matter debated;

Resolved, See. That the Committee that was Yesterday jj0rcis appointed to inspect the Journals of the Lords House, do Journals to inspect the said Journals, and see what Proceedings hatli be inspected, been since had there, concerning Mr. Serjeant Peck, Mr.

Serjeant Pemberton, Sir John Churchill, and Mr. Porter-,

and report the same to the House.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee Committee formerly appointed to inspect the Lords Journals, and ot Frcce-

14 Mr. donls-

Report from Committee of Precedent*.

Persons commitieri by the house, not to be liberated but by its Authority.

Message to attend the King.

The King's

Speech

reported*

27 Car. II. 8° — 90 Junii. — 130 Octobris. 357

Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Serjeant«S?y$, Mr.

Mr. Sacheverall, Sir Tho. LeeSir Tho. Meres, Mr.

Sir JVm. Coventry, Mr. SawyMr. Sir Edward Baynton, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Tho. Sir

John Birkenhead, Sir Lionell Jenkins, Sit Tho. and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, or any Three of them, to inspect and search all such Rolls, Records, and Entries, as they shall think necessary; and see what Precedents they can find in Cases of like Nature, concerning Writs of Habeas Corpus, and Returns thereof;

and to report the State of the whole Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House, Tomorrow Morning: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon (except the said Committee last appointed) be adjourned.

Resolved, &c. That the further Debate of the Matter touching the Writs of Habeas Corpus, directed and delivered to the Lieutenant of the be adjourned till

Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 9* die Junii, 1675.

Prayers.

SIIIThonuts Clergis reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to search for Precedents, touching Writs of Habeas Corpus returnable in Parliament, That the Committee had found several Precedents of Writs of Habeas Corpus returnable in Parliament; and had considered of them; and that the Committee thereupon had agreed upon Four Resolves, to be presented to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they, being Twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed; and are as followeth;

Resolved, &c. Nemine cont That no Commoners of England, committed by Order or Warrant of the House of Commons for Breach of Privilege or Con-temptof that House, ought, without Order of that House,

to be by any Writ of Habeas Corpus, or other Authority whatsoever, made to appear, and answer, and do and receive a Determination in the House of Peers, during that Session of Parliament, wherein suCa Person was so committed.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente That the Order of the House of Peers, for the issuing out of Writs of Habeas Corpus, concerning Serjeant Peek, Sir John Churchill, Serjeant Pemberton, and Mi Charles Porter, is insufficient and illegal; for that it is general, and expresses no particular Cause of Privilege; and commands the King’s Great Seal to be put to Writs not returnable before the said House of Peers.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Lord Keeper be acquainted with these Resolution^; to the End that the said Writ of Habeas Corpus may be superseded, as contrary to Law, and the Privileges of this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that Serjeant Peck,

Sir John Churchill, Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Charles Porter, were committed by Order and Warrant of this House, for Breach of the Privilege, and Contempt of the Authority of this House.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do go up to the Lords with the Message.

Resolved, &c. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch do go up to the Lords, to desire the Conference.

Mr. Powell reports from the Committee to whom it Trade with was referred to consider of the Trade betw een England frauce‘ and France, and the Mischief and Inconveniencies by the Over-balancing the Trade of England by France,

That the Committee had prepared and drawn up a State of the Balance of the Trade between England and France.-----

A Message from the King, by Sir Edward Carterett Message u Usher of the Black Rod; *tend ,he

Mr. Speaker, 1Dg'

The King commands this honourable House to attend him immediately in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Parliament up; where his Majesty was pleased to prorogue both prorogued. Houses of Parliament, to the Thirteenth Day ot October next.

Mercurii, 13° die Octob1675. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sit Edward Carterett Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him immediately in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Lords.

Mr. Speaker, and the House, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That the Croud being great, and Noise much, he could not well hear, nor would take upon him to report, the King’s Speech: And that, to prevent Mistakes, he had obtained a Copy of what was delivered by his Majesty: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I MEET you now with a more than usual Concern for the Event of this Session; and I know it is but what may reasonably be expected from that Care I owe to the Preservation of the Government The Causes of the last Prorogation, aai, for My Part, do not desire to remem-Vol. I£.

ber, so, I hope, no Man else will, unless it be to learn from thence how to avoid the like Occasions for the future; And I pray, consider how fatal the Consequences maybe; and how little Benefit is like to redound to the People, by it. However, if any thing of that kind shall arise, I desire you would defer those Debates, till you have brought such publick Bills to Perfection, as may conduce to the Good and Safety of the Kingdom: And particularly I recommend to you whatever may tend to the Security of the Protestant Religion, as it is now established in the Church of England. I must likewise desire your Assistance in some Supplies; as well to take off the Anticipations w'hich are upon My Revenue, as for the Building of Ships. And, though the War hath been the great Cause of these Anticipations; yet I find, by a late Account I have taken of My Expences, that I have not been altogether so good an Husband as I might have been, and as I resolve to be for the future; although, at the same time, I have had the Satisfaction to find, that I have been far from such an Extravagancy in My own Expence, as some would have the World believe. I am not ignorant, that there are many who would prevent the Kindnesses of My Parliament to Me, at this time: But I as well know, that your Affections have never failed

4 X Me;

358

13® — *8°

A. 1675.

Me; and you may remember it isnow above Three Years* since I have asked you any thing for My own Use.

Speech to be Resolved, Sue.That the Consideration of his Majesty’s considered. Speech be deferred to Monday Morning next.

Papists not A Bill for hindering Papists to sit in either House of

to sit in Par- Parliament, was read the First time.

wmen . Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do

Committees, sit every Monday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievance8 do sit every Wednesday, at Two of the Clock in the Af" teroooon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the House, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

N«w Writs to Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Warrants to the

be issued. Clerk of the Crown, to make out Writs, for Election of Members, in all Places vacant by Death or Removal, where there was no Claim depending.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ,

" for Election of a Member to serve as Knight of the Shire

for the County Palatine of Durham, in the room of Thomas Vane Esquire, lately deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Oxford, in the room of Sir Anthony Cope Knight, lately deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve as Knight of the Shire for the County of Dorsett, in the room of Giles Strangwayes Esquire, lately deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve for the Borough of Eye in the County of Sujf 'olke, in the room of Charles Cornwallis, Esquire, lately deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve for the Borough of Burrowbridge in the County of Yorlce, in the Place of Sir Richard Mauleverrcr Knight and Baronet, lately deceased.

Committee of Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges

Privileges be appointed of these Members following: viz. Sir

Covert., Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Hammer, Sir John Brampston, Mr. King, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Sir John Knight, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Edward Boscowen, Sir Robert Barnham, Mr. Spry, Sir Adam Broome, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Swyn-fen, Mr. Serjeant Charlton, Sir Edward Windham, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Colonel Sands, Sir Wm. Hayward, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Onslowe, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Trever Williams, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Winston Churchill, Lord Hawley, Sir Wm. Moore, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Robert Kempe, Sir Francis Clarke, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Walker, Sir rard, Sir John Shou t, Mr. Peirpoint, Sir Wm.

Mr. Peircy Goring, Mr. Wynn, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Darcy, Sir Allen Apsley, Sir Tho. Windham, Sir John Mal-lett, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Waller, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Morrice, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir CoplestonBampfeild, Mr. Sir Lord

Bulkley, Sir Jeoff. Shackerley, Sir Francis Drake, Sir 25

Richard Ford, Sir Robert ThomSir Tho. Ciergis, Sir feoline Jenkins, Mr. Foote, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Jenings, Mr. Sawyer, Lord Ailing ton, Sir Alien Broderick, Sir Roger Bradshawe, Sir Carew, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hugh Boscowen, Mr. Garraway, Lord Fitx-harding, Mr. Hen. Goring, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Wm. Sir The.

Byde, Lord Angier, Sir Franc. Russell, Mr. Weld, Sir

Phill. Warxvich, Sir Joseph Tredinham, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Serjeant Jones, Sir Hen.Capell, Sir PhiU.

Sir Eliah. Harvey, Sir Nicholas Pediey, Mr. Cheney, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Attorney

Mountagve, Sir Edward Boynton: And all that 00me are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to meet every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday; and do take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first Place; and report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And all Persons that will question Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so in Fourteen Days, after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions; and to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and to make Report of any Matter which may concern Breach of Privilege, with their Opinions therein: And all Members that are returned for'Two or more Places, to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw during the Time the Matter, which concerns himself is in Debate.

A Petition of Sir HughAckland was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to take into Consideration the Regularity of the Return for the Town of Tiverton in the County oaf Devon; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The House being informed of some Matter of Difference likely to happen between the Lord Cavendish, Sir Thomas Meres and Mr. Thomas Howard;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be obliged to send for Mr. Thomas Howard: And that the Lord Cavendish and Sir Thomas Meres doattend Mr. Speaker, at his House, this Day, at Dinner.

Ordered, That the Lord Cavendish and Sir Thomas Meres be injoined not to prosecute any Quarrel against Mr. Thomas Howard, or to send or accept any Challenge, in order thereto, without acquainting the House.

A Paper, signed Howard, Richmond, and Carlisle, being produced, and read;

Ordered, That such Person as shall own the Paper now produced, and read, be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and there kept, during the Pleasure of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 18° die Octobris, 1675.

Prayers.

A BILL was opened, and tendered to the House, for Payment of the Debts, and settling the Estate, of Henry Merchant, a Lunatick; and received.

Mr. Speaker reports, That, in Obedience to the Order of the House, touching the Paper delivered into the Houses and read, signed Howard, Richmond, and Carlisle, the Lord Cavendish scad Sir Thomas Meres did attend him on

Wednesday

Tiverton

Election

TheTIouse interpose to prevent a Quarrel.

Paper reflecting on a Member.

Merchant's

Estate.

Committee to take Evidence.

27 Car. II.

18° — 190 Qctobris.

359

Supply,

Wednesday last, at his House, at Diaper: And that he seat to Mr. Barnard to attend him; but that hp

was very sick and weak, and hardly able to stir Hand or Foot, and not in a Condition to stir abroad; but had passed his Engagement, not to act any thing in that Matter, till he had attended Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, kc. That Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Williams, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Anthony and Mr. Crouch, be appointed, togo to Mr. Thom. Howard, and know of him, whether he will own the Paper produced and read in the House, and subscribed Howard, Richmond, and Caj'lisle; and that they do give an Account of the Matter to the House.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech: Which being again read;

Mortis, I$° die Qololbtis, H9T5.

Praters,

SI R Thomas Littleton reports, That, in Obedience Evident* of to the Order of the House, they had been with a person Mr. Thomas Howard, at his House in and ap- attended by

quainted him with the Order, and shewed it to him, Comautte*‘ offering to read it. He said, We need not do so; for that he took for granted, that Persons of our Quality would not come upon such a Business without Order: And, touching the Business to which the Order did refer, he said, That he was sensible of the Displeasure of the House, and doubted, that, if he Should give any Answer to the Message, being not versed in such Affairs, he might give Occasion of their further Displeasure; and there-

A Motion being made for a Supply, upon that Part fore he must beg Pardon, and answer only to what could of his Majesty’s Speech which relates to the taking of T be Prov^ ag*,n8J hlm: Tb»thehad alwapborne a great Anticipations upon his Majesty's Revenue, and for v 1~ 1

building more Ships;

Resolved, kc. That this House will resolve Tomorrow

Morning, at Ten of the Clock, into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty’s Speech which relates to a Supply for taking off Anticipations upon his Majesty’s Revenue, and building more Ships.

Settlement of A Motion being further made, to take into speedy Religion. Consideration that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to the Settlement of Religion;

Resolved, kc. That this House will on Wedesday Morning next resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to the Settlement of Religion.

Supply Bill; A Bill for appropriating the Customs to the Use of approbating J»JavV) was read the First time, ustoms. Resolved, &c. That tills Bill be read a Second time on Thursday next

Trade with France.

Augmenting

Vicarages.

Illegal

Exactions.

State of the Nation.

Resolved, kc That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Trade between England and France; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House; viz. Mr Cheney, Sir Geo. Mr. Secre-

tary Coventry, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Irby, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir John Robinson, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Wright, Sir Thill. ]ftt. Sawyer, Sir Trever Williams, Mr. Robert Wright, Mr. Williams, Sir John Holland, Sir Nicholas Mr.

Sir 7 ho.Meres, Mr. Garraway,'Colonel Birch, Sir

Coventry, Mr. Sacher erall, Mr. Crouch, Sir Mr. Joltifje, Sir JVm. Lout her, Mr. Spry, Sir Tho. Clergis,

Mr. Childe, Sir John Knight, Sir Sarnucll Bernardiston,

Mr. Eyres, Sir Fr. Drake, Mr. Alderman

Bence, and all that serve for the City of London, and the Outport Towns; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Deering have the Leave of this House, to bring in a Bill for Augmentation of small Vicarages.

A Bill to prevent illegal Exaction of Money from the Subject, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time on Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the State and Condition of the Kingdom.

And then, the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Respect to the House, and the particular Members of it; and would always do so, as became an Englishmen.

The Letter being tendered to him the Second time, and put into his Hand, he then looked upon it, saying, He -was not afraid to look upon a Paper; but left it to Proof: With the like Expressions of Respects to the House as before.

Sir Thomas Littleton further acquaints the House, That Mr. Howard, in the Discourse, told them, That he had sent a Message to Mr. Speaker, by Mr.

That he would not further prosecute, or do any thing in, this Matter; and that he did renew the same Engagement to them.

The Paper being again read; and the Matter debated; Order for

Ordered, That Mr. Howard be sent to, to attend this attendance. House on this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, kc. That the Paper produced, and read, Paper voted subscribed Howard of Richmond, and Carlisle, is a scan- scandalous, dalous Paper, and a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech which relates to the Supply to take off the Anticipations upon his Revenue, and for the Building of Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord takes the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had taken that Part of his Majesty’s Speech into Consideration, which relates to a Supply for taking off the Anticipations upon his Revenue; and had agreed a Vote to be reported to the House; and humbly moved from the said Committee, that the House would again resolve into a Committee of the whole House on Friday next, to consider the other Part of his Majesty’s Speech relating to a Supply for building more Ships. Which Vote of the Committee was as followeth; viz.

That it is the Opinion of the Committee, not to grant: his Majesty any Supply for the taking off the Anticipations upon his Majesty’s Revenue.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that it is the Opinion of this House, not to grant his Majesty any Supply for the taking off the Anticipations upon his Majesty s Revenue.

Resolved, kc. That this House do, on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into q Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech relating to a Supply for the building more Ships.

Resolved, &c. That all Committees, that were to sit Committt«», this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till.Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Vol. IX.

360

20° Octobris.

A. 1675.

Mercurii, SO* die 1675.

Prayers.

Augmenting A BILL for Augmentation of small Vicarages, was Vicarages. J\ read the First Time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time on Saturday Morning next.

Amendment was proposed to be made to it, by adding these Words, " or dangerous to the Civil Government* The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in this Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the other Resolves, being also read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed; and are as followeth;

tnz.

Leather.

Wool.

Lord

Kilmorey’s

Estate.

Illegal Imprisonment.

Kelshall

Charities.

Settlement of Religion.

Ordered, That Leave be given for bringing in a Bill for the Exportation of Leather.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir Trevor Williams to bring in a Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool from England or Ireland.

A Bill was tendered, and read, for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Kilmorey, and for raising Portions for his Two younger Sons, was-read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the illegal Imprisonment of the Subject, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

A Bill for settling certain charitable Uses for the Benefit of the Town of Kelshall in the County of was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to the Settlement of Religion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee, That they had agreed several Votes to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which, being read, are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That this House be moved to appoint a Committee to inspect and report what Books have been printed that are scandalous and dangerous in Matters touching Religion, and Ecclesiastical Government, in Doctrine or Discipline, as it is now established by Law.

Resolved, &c. That the House be moved to appoint a Committee to bring in a Bill for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day; and likewise to prevent that abominable Sin of Blasphemy, and profane Cursing and Swearing.

Resolved, &c. That the House be moved, that the Bill prepared the last Session, to prevent the Growth of Popery, be brought in, and read, Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That the House be moved to appoint a Committee to take care, and report to the House, how the Out Parishes, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, may be provided with Churches or Chapels capable of receiving the People at Divine Service, without which they cannot observe the Lord’s Day, or be instructed in Matters of Religion, and good Life.

Resolved, 8cc. That the House be moved to appoint a Committee to prepare a Bill, that the Children of the Royal Family may be instructed and educated in the Protestant Religion of the Church of England, as now established by Law; and that no Popish Priest may have Access to them.

Resolved, See. That the House be moved to appoint a Committee to bring in a Bill, to declare, that, by the Laws of this Realm, the Religion now established by Law in this Kingdom may not be altered, nor any of the Laws touching the same may be any ways suspended, but by Act of Parliament; and to provide, that the same shall never be altered nor suspended, in any Part thereof, but by Act of Parliament.

The First Resolve being read a Second time, an

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to inspect, and report, what Books have been printed that are scandalous and dangerous in Matters touching Religion and Ecclesiastical Government, in Doctrine or Discipline, as it is now established by Law; or dangerous to the Civil Government: And it is referred to Sir Charles Harbord,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Mr.

Perwle, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Williams, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Tho. Allen,

Sir A nth. Irby, Mr. Garraway, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho.

Lee, Sir Joseph Tredinham, Sir Musgrave, Sir

Williams, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Churchill, Sir Edzcard Bainton, Mr. Russell, Lord Cavendish, Lord Ancram, Sir John Werden, Sir Mallett, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Carew, Sir Phill. Warwick,-Sir Joseph Williamson, Sir Otway,

Sir Henry Capell, Sir John Holland, Sir Sir John Coriton, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Palmes, Sir Knight, Sir Phil. Harcourt, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Samuell Bernerdiston; or any Three of them.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to bring in a Bill for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day; and likewise to prevent the abominable Sin of Blasphemy, and of profane Cursing and Swearing: And that it be referred to Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Sacheverell, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Birkenhead, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Mr.

Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Joseph Tridenham, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Treoer Williams, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Edward Bainton, Mr. Russell, Sir Phil.Harcourt, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Ft\ Drake, Mr. Pawle, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Williams, Mr. Mountague, Sir John Mallett, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Nich. Carew, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Jos.Williamson, Sir John Otway, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir John Holland, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir John Coriton, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Knight, Lord Cavendish, Lord Ancram, Sir JVerdon, Sir Samuell Bernediston; or any Three of them.

Resolved, See. That the Bill prepared the last Session to prevent the Growth of Popery, be brought in, and read, Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to take care, and report to the House, how the Out Parishes, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, may be provided with Churches or Chapels capable of receiving the People at Divine Service; . which, they cannot observe the Lord’s Day, or be instructed in Matters of Religion, and good Life.

Resolved, 8cc. That a Committee be appointed to prepare a Bill, that the Children of the Royal Family may be instructed and educated in the Protestant Religion of the Church of England, as now established by Law; and that no Popish Priest may have access to them.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, to declare that, by the Laws of this Realm, the Religion now established by Law in this Kingdom may not be altered, nor any of the Laws touching the same may be any ways suspended, but by Act of Parliament; and to provide, that the same shall never be altered or suspended, in any Part thereof, but by Act of Parliament: And it is referred to Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Garraway, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Attorney Mountague, Sir Robert Kempe, Mr. Mallett, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Sacheverall, Sir John Knight, Mr. Williams, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Sir John Ho-

tham, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Powle, Mr. Russell, Sir Edward Bainton, Mr, Stockda, Sir Allen Broderick,

and

7 Car. II. 200 — 216-

and all that serve for the Counties of and Surry,

ami Cities of London and; or any Three of

them: And it is recommended to the Care of Mr. Attorney Mountague, Mr. Sazryer, Mr. Poxcle, and Mr. to take care to prepare and bring in the said Bills.

Privilege — A Debate arising in the House, touching a Breach of

a Member Privilege committed by the Lord Cavendish, in causing

folTprosecut- ^aPers *° ^xe<i UP at and Hail

ing a Quarrel. Cate, in Prosecution of a Quarrel against Mr. Thomas Iloxcard, whilst the Matter is under Examination, and depending in this House;

And the Lord Cavendish standing up in his Place, and submitting himself to the House; and being withdrawn; and the Matter being debated;

Resolved, &c. That the Lord Cavendish is guilty of a Breach of Privilege of this House, in prosecuting a Quarrel against Mr. Hczcard, whilst the Matter was depending before this House.

Ordered, That the Lord Cavendish be sent to the Prison of the 'J'oxt er for his Breach of the Privilege of this House, in prosecuting a Quarrel against Mr. whilst the Matter was depending before this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to convey the I-ord Cavendish to the lor his Breach of the

Privilege of this House, in prosecuting a Quarrel against Mr. Howard, whilst the Matter was depending before the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his "Warrant to the Lieutenant of the Torcer, for his having my Lord Cavendish into Custody, for his Breach of the Privilege of this House, in prosecuting a Quarrel against Mr. Howard, whilst the Matter was depending before the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 21° die 1675.

Prays.r s.

Preservation A BIL L for Preservation of the Fishing in several «f fishing. xA Rivers in this Kingdom, was read the First time.

Resolved, tkc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Direction of Ordered, That the Warrant for the Commitment of Warrant, R1C Lord Cavendish be directed to the Earl of

Constable of the Toucr of London, or his Deputy.

Davyes* A Bill to enable Trustees to raise Monies towards Pay-

Debts. ment of the Debts of Alexander Davyes Gentleman, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

-22° Octobris. 1

Mr. Peirpoint, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Richard Mr. Devereux, Mr. Eyres, Sir Samu Mr.

King, Sir Francis Compton, Sir John Hanmer, Mr. Spry, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Sachevera ll, Sir Henry Pucker ring,

Mr Sawyer, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Colonel Titus, Mr. Weld, Sir Hen. Cape Hickman,

Sir John Hot ham, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Phil. grave, Sir Henry Goodrich, Sir Bichard Edgcombe, Sif Edward Hunger-ford, Mr, Attorney Mountague, Sir Buckna/l, Sir Roger Bradshazce, Sir Sir

Edward Masters, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Robert Holt, Sir Hat.

Ford, Sir Nick. Carew, Mr. Robert Wright, Mr. Palmes,

Mr. Garrazcay, Mr. Grey, Sir Fr.Drake: And all that

shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And the said Committee are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent the illegal Enaction of Money from Illegal Exac* the Subject, was read the Second time. t*01*3*

Resolved,&c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Nich.Carezc, Mr. Serj. Maynard, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Finch, Mr. Garrazcay, Sir John Newton, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Crouch, Sir Trever Williams,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Williams, Air, Peirpoint, Sir Dozencing, Sir Tho.Littleton, Sir Robert Barnham, Sir John

Burnaby, Sir John Pettus, Sir ChaHarbord, Sir John Mallet, Sir John Duncombe, Mr. Vaughan, Alaster of the Rolls, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Job Charlton, Air.

Sir John Elzccs, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Coriton, Sir

Edzcard Bainton, Mr. Pczde, Sir Colonel

Kirkby, Sir John Knight, A h. Jones, Sir Wm.

Air. King, Mr. Chohnondley, Sir John Lordlier, Sir Tho.

Stringer, Sir John Hotham, Sir Edward MSir John

Robinson, Sir Francis Compton, Mr. Neale, Lord Mans-Jeild, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Am//, Mr. Barnett, Sir John

Dazmey, Mr. Mounson, Sir Tho. Sir Trevor

Williams, Mr. Palmes, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Hotham, Sir John Frederick, Sir Robert Sir Samuell Bernerdiston, Mr. Thyn, Sir Cha. Harbord,

Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho.Lee, Sir John Dawncy, Sir Joseph

Tredenham, Mr. Praed, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Tho. Mompesson,

Air. Serjeant Crooke, Sir Richard Wiseman, Lord Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Lucy,

Sir Tho. Clcrgis, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Spry, Sir Hickman, Sir John Brampston, Sir Hen.Capell, Sir ings, Mr. May, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Eyres, Sir

Hanmer, Lord Burley, Sir Wm. LoSir Hen. Good-rkk, Sir Hen. Puckerring, Sir John Pettus, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And the Gentlemen of the Long Robe are desired to give tljeir Attendance on the Committee.

SouthwarW, Ordered, That Sir Phillipp Warwick have Leave to Ordered, That the Bills against Popery be read on Growth of »Scc. Court of bring in a Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in Saturday Morning next. Popery.

Conscience. Southwarke, Ilamlets of the Tower, and all the Out

Parishes within the Bills of Alortality. And then the House adjourned till To-tnotroW

Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Exporting A Bill to continue a former Act for the Exportation of

Leather. Leather, was read the First time. " 1

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time. _ _ .

Veneris, 22* die Octobris, 1075.

Supply bill; A Bill for apropriating the Customs to the Use of the

appropriating Navy, was read the Second time. Prayers.

usl° "1S‘ Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Tho. A BILL to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of Exporting Meres, Sir 7ho. Littleton, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Clcrgis, ±\_ England and Ireland into Foreign Parts, was read Wooj.

Sir Tho.Lee, Mr. Powle, Sic Edward Deeding, Sir Trcverthe First time.

Williams, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Wm.Doyley, Sir George Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time, on

Downeing, Sir John Burnaby, Sir Edm. Jcnings, Sir Thco. Tuesday next.

Biddolph, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Kingsmill Lucy, Air.

A preice, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir John Duncombe, Sir A Petition of the Lord was read; acknow- Privilege —

Charles IV heeler, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Neale, Sir Win.ledging his Breach of Privilege, and thereby incurring Petition from Coventry, Sir Phil.Warwick, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John the Displeasure of this House; and craving the Pardon a ^lm'>cr Earnley, SirChr. Musgrave, Mr. Williams, Mr. Crouch, of the House. the Tow«r.

Voi* IX. 4Y Ordered,

3 61 2 2° — -23’

Ordered, That the Lord Cavendish be discharged from his Imprisonment in the And that Mr. Speaker

do issue his Warrant to the Constable of the or

his Deputy, for his Discharge.

Mayne’g A Petition of John Ma Merchant, being read;

Petition. ’pjjg Question being put, That the House do proceed on the Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go out

Tellers, {|^,f) for the Yeas, . 30.

Tellers, for the Noes, 160.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Building The House then resolved into a Committee of the

Ships. whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to the Building of more Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Harbordtook the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumes the Chair.

Sir Charles Ilarbord reports from the Committee That they had agreed Two Votes to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: W hich being read, are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, See. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Twenty Ships, of the First, Second, and Third Rate, shall be built with all convenient Speed.

Resolved, &c* That the House be moved, that this House may resolve into a Committee of the whole House again upon Tuesday next, at Ten of the Clock, to proceed further in Consideration of that Fart oi his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to the Building oi more Ships.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Conmi’ttee that Twenty Ships, of the First, Second, and Third bate, shall he built with all convenient Speed.

Resolveu, Sc. '! hat this House will resolve into a Committee of the v.iiide House again upon Morning

next, at Ien of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Building of more Ships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight oi the Clock.

»' n ..... — «- — ..... — — «-,<«-... —

Sabbati, 23* Oclobris, 1G75.

Praters.

Augmenting \ BIL L for the Augmentation of small Rectories and Vicarages. g \ Vicarages, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir Edward Sir Cha.

Wheeler, Mr. Crouch, S Wiliams, Mr

Air Williams, Sir John Burnaby, Sir Sir

John Knight, Sir Tho. Sir John Birkenhead, Sir

Hen. Ford, Mr. Robert 1 Fright, Sir John Fagg, Sir John Robinson, Sir Edward Masters, Mr. Mr. Ser-

jeant Maynard, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Eyres, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Leveson GSir John Talbot, Sir John Napper, Sir Fr.Drake, Sir Jo. Sir Jo.

Sir Robert Burnham, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Went-

worth, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr.

Sir Tho. Bludnorth, Mr. Powle, Mr. King: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards.

Chitteme Alb A Bill for uniting the Two Parishes of Chitteme Samtsand' Sauits, and Chitteme St. , in the County of Wilis, wastead the First time.

Resolved, See.That this Bill be read a Second time.

Octobris. ' 1675.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for. repairing and amending the Highways.

Ordered, That the Bills for erecting a Court of Con- Souihwarfce, science in Southwarke, and the Out Parishes, be brought

in on Monday next; and then read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Church Re-Repair of Churches, and the better Recovery ot small t) Un"o> &c* Tythes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Coal Tradp. Ease of tire Coal Trade, and encouraging Navigation to Newcastle; and that such Bill do lie on the aide iwo Days before it be read.

A Motion being made, and a Debate arising the re- ,

upon for encouraging of Navigation, and increasing of Seamen, for lessening the Duty imposed upon the Exportation of Coal;

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the Matter touching the Exportation of Coal, and the Duty imposed upon it; and to report the State of the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Wright, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Richard I Fisc man. Sir Jim. , Lord

Ogle, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Adam Mr.

Sir Allen Apsley, Colonel Birch, Mr Mr Jul!if/'e,

Sir EliabHarvey, Sir John Lowther, Sir Robo t Carr, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Holland, Sir Joint Sir JFm.Doyley, Sir John Pet, us, Sir Sir

John Burnaby, Colonel Sands, Mr. Wright, Sir John Mallctt, Sir Roger Bradshawe, Sir Cha , Sir

Dancombe, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tito.Mr

Air. Cholmond/y, Sir Robert Burnham, Air.

Colonel Kirkby, Sir John Hoi ham, Sir Robert Sir

John Slutwe:And all that shall come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet on JFednesday next, in the Exchequer Chamber, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Debate arising, touching such Subjects of his Ala- British Sub. jesty's as are, or shall be hereafter, in the Service of the j'.cts il1 French King, contrary to his Aiajextv's Proclamation; *rer;.vh

Resolved, Sec. That all such his Majesty’s Subjects, mice' which now are, or shall be hereafter, in the Service of the French King, contrary to his Ala jesty’s late Proclamation, dated the Nineteenth Day of May One thousand Six hundred Seventy-five, intituled, A Proclamation, commanding the immediate Return of all his Majestys Subjects who have gone into the Service of the French King, as Soldiers, since the late Treaty of Peace with the States General of the United Provinces; and prohibiting all his Majesty's Subjects to enter into the said Service, for the Time to come; shall be taken to be Contemners of his Majesty’s Royal Authority, and Opposers of the Interest of their Country.

Resolved, See. That the Lords Concurrence he desired . to this Vote: And that Sir li illiam Coventry do carry it up to the Lords.

Resolved, Sec. That a Bill, with Penalties, be brought in, pursuant to this Vote.

Ordered, That it be referred to Air. Powle, Air.

Vaughan, Mr. Sazcyer, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Williams \Sir Tho. Meres, Sir,

Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Trevor Williams, Air.

verell, Sir A7(7/. Carezo, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

A Bill to hinder Papists from sitting in either of the Papistsnot Houses of Parliament, was read the Second time. i>ftm Par.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed to Sir Nidi. "'ment'

Carew, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. PeirpoiAir. Cheney, Sir John Trevor, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Pirwle, Sir Robert Thomas, Sir Fr.Drake, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John C ’o-

riton, Sir Thom. Meres, Mr. Westjaling, Sir Sir John Barnaby, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Vaughan, Miv id IF

C^'

}y;

JtC

f.«:! u-

IK

lu

h

27 Car. II. 23d — 2^ — 26° '

Growth of Popery,

Westminster Court of Conscience.

Dav) os’ Debts.

Growth of Popery.

Whittacre, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Robert Holt, Colonel Sands, Sir H m. Coventry, All*. Russell, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Crouch, Sir Thom. Proby, Sir Herbert Price, Mr. Eyres, Sir Joseph Ash, Mr. Williams, Sir John Hothavi, Sir Wm. Thomas, Sir Scntope Sir Phil, Mcunctou,

Air. Finch, Mr. Price, Sir Joseph Ask, Sir John Mallett, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Morriee, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. I-.ce, Mr. Mallet t. Sir A nth. Irby, Doctor Arras, Sir Trexor Williams, Mr. Hoby, Mr. Mam, Sir Bainton, Sir Wm. Lends, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Fr. Russell, Mr. ApreeSir John Air.

Manard: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in tire Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery be read on JHonday Alorning next, at Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning next, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 25° die Octobris, 1675.

Prayers.

\B IL L for erecting a Court of Conscience for Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, was delivered in, and accepted, according to Order.

Resolved, kc. That the said Bill be read on Wednesday

Alorning next, at Pen of the Clock.

A Bill to enable Trustees to raise Atonies towards Payment of the Debts of Alexander Esquire, de-

ceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Mompcsson, Sir Cha.Wheeler, Sir Portman,

Air. Packer, Sir John Cordon, Sir Lane. Lake, Air.

Sir John Knight, Mr. Williams, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Biskopp, Mr. Aprcecc, Mr. Windham, Mr. Benin. Air. Culliford, Mr. Swanton, Sir John Sir Winston

Churchill, Mr. Mallctt, Lord Sir I.dm. Jenings, Sir Trevor Williams, Major BrSir// in Howard, Mr. Whittacre, Sir Wm. Windh. Sir John Bonnet, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Cha. Harhord, Mr. Sir

Masters, Six John Birkenhead, Sir Probe) Mr

Lindfeild, Mr. JSlaynard, Air. lie limit. Sir Sir John Pettus, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Phil. Mu gram. Sir Robert Carr, Sir Roger BradshaMr. Role, Mr. 1-Vest-phaling, Mr. Morris:And they are to meet Tomorrow,

at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, brought in by Order of the House, was read the First lime. Resolved, Sic. That this Bill be read a Second time.

them, to withdraw, and prepare and bring in a Vote to prevent the Quarrels and Mischiefs which, may thereby arise touching the Alatter aforesaid.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to prevent Duels, Preventing and Provocations to Duels: And it is referred to Sir ^uels-Cha. Harbord, Sir Tho. Lee, Air, Mr. Sirin-

Jen, Sir John Trever, Six Wm. Coventry, Mr. Secretary1 Coventry, Colonel Birch, Sir Hen.Ford, Mr. JValler, Sir Trever Williams, Mr. Williams, Sir Richard TempAir. Powle, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Sir Wm. Coventry reports, That he had, in Obedience British Sub* to the Order of this House, carried up, and delivered, jects in the Vote of the House, touching such his Majesty’s Suh- i StT‘ jects as are or shall be in the Service of the French King; and that the Lords would take it into Consideration, and return an Answer.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the State-of th* whole House, to consider of the State and Condition of ISatlon‘ the Kingdom.

Afr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, Sic. That this House will, on Wednesday)

Alorning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Com- ‘ mittee of the whole House, to consider of the State and Condition of the Kingdom.

Afr. Swinfenreports from the Committee appointed to Vole against

withdraw and prepare a Vote in the Alatter touching the prosecuting a Lord Cavendish, the Vote agreed by the said Committee:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered bers. the same in at the Clerk’s Table: W7here the same being again read, was, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth; viz.

Forasmuch as this House, being informed of certain Papers, containing provoking Language, posted up by the Lord Cavendish, a Afember of this House, did inflict, a Punishment upon him, by committing him to the Trncer; and whereas they are informed, that, notwithstanding such their Care and Justice, some Persons have presumed to call the said Business in Question; and, . from Occasion or Pretence of those Papers, to give out threatening Words, or send Challenges, or provoking Papers, to the said Alember of this House, or others, to , be communicated to him; this House doth declare, that if any Person whatsoever shall begin or prosecute any Quarrel upon that Account, or upon any Alatter or rl hing any way relating the reunto, he shall be esteemed a Disturber of the publick Peace, and a Contemner of the Justice and Privilege of this House j and shall be proceeded against accordingly.

Resolved, &c. That this Vote be made publick, by putting the same up in the Lobby, and Westminster Hall Gate.

Trade with Resolved, &c. That the Report concerning the Trade trance. between England and France, be heard on Wednesday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Alorning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Fine? and Recoveries.

The House interpose to prevent a Quarrel,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Marttsf 26 die , 1675.

the better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Pines and common Recoveries. Prayers.

A BILL to enable a Sale of Lands for Payment of Earl of War-

__________ _ , the Debts and Performance of the Trusts of wick’sEstate.

and a Quarrel like to happen thereupon, betw een the Lord late Earl of Warwick, deceased, was read the First, time.

Cavendish, and Air. Francis Newport, and Air. Atkins-, Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read the Second time.

Ordered, That Air. Francis Newport and Air. Atkins'

be summoned forthwith to attend this House. Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir William Lindsey

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Charles Harbord, Sir to bring in a Bill for settling the Draining of Lindsey Level-Tho.Lee, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Swinfen, S\xJohn Trever, Sir Level.

Wm. Coventry, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Colonel Birch,

Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Waller, Sir Trever Williams, Afr. A Petition of Sir was read; complaining ciitheYoe

Williams, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Powle, or any Three of of an undue Return for the Borough of Ctitherve in the Ekcuotr. Vox.. IX. County

364 26° Octobris. A- 1675*

County of Lancaster, of Sir Thomas Stringer, to serve for that Place, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to take the Petition into their Examination; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Robinson's A Bill to establish and confirm a Sale of Lands, made

Eetau. by the Coheirs and Trustees of Leonard Robinson of Kirkby

Hill in the County of Yorke, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Coal an4 Ordered, That I.eave be given to bring in a Bill to

Wood Mea* regulate Abuses in the Measures of Coal and Wood.

sores. 0

Delays of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to pre-

Suits. Vent unnecessary Suits and Delays.

' Hawkers, A Bill against Haw kers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen,

Pedlars, Sec. was tendered and accepted.

ResolvedSit. That a Committee be appointed to bring in a Bill to explain and ascertain the Duties on Iron and Brass Ordnance, Iron Shot, Copper as exported, Ginger of the Plantations imported, Jewels imported, Cocoa imported, Meal and Flour, or Com ground, Duffles imported, worsted and woollen Womens Stockings exported, Thread and Cotton Gloves, Stockings, and Socks, exported. Gun-powder exported, Fish Oil of Greenland, and the Plantations, exported, and Whale Fins of land's Plantations, exported, Soap exported, Jamaica Pepper imported, Thread imported; and to take Consideration of regulating Officers Fees belonging to the Customs: And it is referred to Sir Geo. Colonel

Birch, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Thomas Sir John Fogg,

Mr. Streete, Mr. Wright, Mr. ChiSir,

Sir Win.Doyley, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Robert ton, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Robert Holmes, Mr, GaiTaxcay, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Sam.

nerdiston, Mr. Bosemcen, Mr. P, Sir Robert Carr, Captain Jones, Sir John Knight, Mr. or any

Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Exporting

Leather*

A Bill for continuing and reviving of a former Act, for the Exportation of Leather, was read the Second time.

; Two Petitions; one of the Curriers, and another of the Shoemakers; were tendered, and accepted.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Knight, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Phil Harcourt, Sir John Coriton, Sir Eduard Masters, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir John Holman, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Win. Doyley, Sir John Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir Trever Williams, Sir Samuel I

ton, Sir John Otxcay, Col. Sands, Colonel Birch, Sir

Holland, Sir Edward Deering, Sir John Elwaycs, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Nich. Carcxv, Sir John Mr. Al-

derman Bence, Sir John Robinson, Colonel Price, Mr. Spry, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Sir Tho.

Littleton, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. William, Sir Wm. Bucknall:

Mr. Howard, in Obedience to the Order of the House, attending at the Door of the House; and being called in; and standing at the Bar; but, because of the Infirmity upon him, being allowed to sit down in a Chair, placed without the Bar; Mr. Speaker did acquaint him, That the Cause of his being sent for, w as a Paper subscribed T.Hoxcard of Richmond and Carlislewhich being offered in the House, and read, was adjudged by the House to be a scandalous Paper, and a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

And the Paper being shew ed to him; and he being asked, Whether he wras the Author, Promoter, or Disperser, of that Paper; he desired to be excused from giving any Answer; and that he might know who would charge him with the Writing of it; or that it might be proved against him; and refused to give any other Account of it; saying, That, by some Reflections on his Brother, he

Privile;* —

Libellous

Paper.

And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are rni;,h° be provoked to Passion; and if the House’ had

A Id a* m K a m ii 4 I 4 4 l\ I 1 v-v / L 4 rv A 4 > -

Hearth

Money.

to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards; and to take the said Petitions into Consideration; and to summon and hear such Persons as are concerned in the Manufactory of Leather: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prevent the Abuses committed by Collectors of the Duty of Hearth Money, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time, on Friday Morning next, after Ten of the Clock.

«f Fishing.

Preservation A Bill to preserve the Fishing in the several Rivers of this Kingdom, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Coriton, Sir Captain Jones,

Mr. Bennett, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir Trever Williams, Sir Rowland Berkley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Williams, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Major General Eger ton, Sic John Heath, Mr. Chetwyn, Mr. Price, Sir John Holland, Mr. Streete, Sir Nich.Carem, Sir John Mallett, Sir Hen. Ford, Colonel Sands, Sir John Robinson, Sir , Mr. Serjeant

Rigby, Mr. West fating. Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Sir John Pettus, Sir Fr. Sir Tho. Meres, Mr.

Mallett, Sir John Trever, Sir Robert Barnham, Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm. Francklyn, Mr. Sir Edward Deering, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Elyab Sir

Wm. Lewis, Mr. Eyres, Colonel Stroud, Mr. Hopkins, Lord Digby, Mr. Whittacker, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Barnaby, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir John Bennett, Mr. Russell, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Ralph Bancks, Colonel Grey, Alderman Bence, and all that serve for Gloucester,

ter, and Hereford: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber.

Northern

orders.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine in the Northern Borders.

received a Displeasure against him, he was willing, and did submit, to undergo what Should be imposed on him.

And he being withdrawn, and the Matter debated;

Resolved, That it is the Judgment of this House, That Mr. Hoxcard is the Author, Promoter, and Disperser, of that Paper which was read in the House on the Tenth of this Instant October, signed of

Richmond and Carlisle', and then voted by this House to be a scandalous Paper, and a Breach of the Priv ilege of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoxcard be committed to the Tower, for being the Author, Promoter, and Disperser, of that Paper which was read in the House the Nineteenth of this Instant October, signed T. Hoxcard of Richmond and Carlisle-, and then voted by this House to be a scandalous Paper, and a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Constable of the Tower, or his Deputy, to take Mr. Howard into Custody in the Toxcer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to convey Mr. Howard in Custody to the

The Question being propounded, That the Money that shall be given shall be appropriated and applied to the Building of Ships only, and be lodged in the Chamber of Lotulon;

The Question being put, That the Words, "and be lodged in the Chamber of ," do stand in the

Question;

-The House divided.

The Noes go out.

JLord Cavendisji,

’\Mr. Russell,

Tellers

for the Yeas, 160.

Supply for lnuldii)£ bhiip*.

Tellers,

V.

27 Car. II.

Bath

Election*

26® — 27

365

Tpllpra /^,r R°bert Howard, 1 - , xt , delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

’ISir Richard Temple, J > 7 Votes being again read, are as folio we th;

And so it passed in the Negative. Resolved, That a Paper, intituled, A Scheme of

Resolved, Sec. That the Money that shall be given, the Trade between England and France, brought in to shall be appropriated and applied to the Building Ships them by Mr. Alderman Mr. George and

only.

The Question being put, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech relating to a Supply for the Building more Ships;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TaIIpvs p>'r J°fin AeUeis’\Sir Hen. Ford,

Tellers, [M/ W

| for the Yeas, 126. j- for the Noes, 125.

Hopkins,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this House will Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration

many other English Merchants, Traders betw een England and France, be reported to the House.

Resolved, Sec. That it be further reported to the House That effectual Means be used, that the English Merchants may have like Liberty and Privileges in Paris, as the French Merchants have in London.

Resolved, Sec. That Leave be given by the House for the bringing in a Bill to the Effect following; viz.

That if a Treaty of Commerce, between his Majesty and the French King, be not concluded and published before the First of May next, by which the Impositions in France upon all English Manufactures shall be reduced, at least to the same Proportion and Rate they were at the Time of his Majesty’s happy Restauration; then, from that Time, all French Commodities to be by the said Bill prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom, until

of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech relating to a Supply the Making and Publication of such a Treaty.

for building more Ships

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 27* die Octobris, 1675.

Moor-

lurr.ine.

Merchants

Estait.

lord Kil*

Dnnrrey’s

Ifct&U.

Prate rs,

ABIL L to prevent Moor-burning, wa First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

ras read the

Resolved, Sec. That the further Consideration of this Report be adjourned to Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, Sec. That this House will on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take the State and Condition of the Kingdom into further Consideration.

Resolved, Sec. That this House be called over on Call of the Tuesday next: and as to such as shall be Defaulters, whose House* Excuses are not allowed, the like Letters be sent to compel their Attendance, as were sent the last Sessions.

The House having received Information of Reports Bribery of abroad, of Monies dispersed, and Rewards given, amongst Members, the Members of this House, for giving their Votes, and promoting Bills'; and a Debate arising in the House, for a Test for purging the Members, 'in vindicating the Honour of the House in this Matter;

- A Paper, in Writing, containing a Test, being tendered, and read: and the Matter debated;

Resolved, Sec. That the Paper tendered, and read, containing a Test, be committed to Sir Nicholas Sir

JVm.Coventry, Mr. Williams, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Robert,

A Pill for settling the Estate of Henry Merchant, a Lima tick, W3s read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Pill for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Killtrurrey, and for raising Portions for Byron

Nedhamand Charles Nedham, Two of his younger Sons,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Pill be committed to Sir George I:wincing. Sir Edmond Jcnings, Sir Lave. Lake, Mr. t v mams, sir iho.Lee, sir ltooert, Sir Robert Holmes, Sir John Covert, Sir Trevor Williams, Holt.MLavemhsh, Colonel Birch Six Hen. Pucker-

ring, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Crouch, Sir

Sir Robert Howard, Sir Thomas Sir

John Knight, Sir Newton, Mr. King, Mr. Prideaux,

Sir John Knight, Col. Gilby, Sir Sir

Edmond I Vynuham, Sir John CoMr. Crouch, Sir Tho.

Allen, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Colonel Titus, Mr. Windham, Mr. Palmes, Mr. General Egerlon, Mr. Eyres, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Tho. Ctergis. Mr. Sit Tho. pesson, Sir John Shawc, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Thomas Woodcock, Mr. Price, Sir He Mr. Whiltacre, Sir John Talbott, Sir Jeoff. ShSir Theo. Biddolph, and all that serve lor Cheshire and Lancashire: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards.

A Petition of Harry Bridges Esquire was read; complaining of an undue Return of Sir George Speake, to serve for the City of Bath in the County of Somersett, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by the Freemen of the said City, who have the Right of Election.

- Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the

Sir John Barnaby, Dr. Arras, Sir Joseph Mr.

Garrauay, Sir Cha.Wheeler, Sir

Coventry, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir John Hanmer, Sir

Jenings, Sir Hen.Capell, Colonel Titus, Six John Covert,

Mr. Sacheverall, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Courtney Poole, Six John Hot ham. Sir Edm.Windham, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Coplcston Bampjt iid, Lowther, Sir

Robert Carr, Sir Elyab Harvey, Sir John Mallett, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

Secretary Coventry, Mr. Eyres, to consider of and amend the same, upon the Debates of the House, as they shall think fit; and report the same to the House:

And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed of certain Letters sent to Irregular

Tines and hecuvenes.

Tr.ulf with franca.

Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with some particular Members, to summon them to give their summoning their Opinions therein, to the House. n.;. . Members.

A Bill for the better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries, was read the First time.

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir George Hwvneing reports from the Committee appointed to consider of the Trade between England and

France, several Votes; and a Scheme, relating to the o;

Trade, agreed by the Committee to be reported to the House; and from thence go, in a Body, to Margaret's House: Which he read in his Place: and afterwards Westminster.

V01. IX.

Attendance upon the Service of this House:

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That his Majesty be humbly moved, that the Members of this House may be summoned to give their Attendance on the Service of this House, by Proclamation only.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, for the better Solemnizing solemnizing of the Fifth of November next, meet in the 5 ^ov>

4Z

Resolved,

366 270 Octobris — i

Dr.Sandcroft Resolved, kc. That Dr. Dean of s,

to preach on be desired to preach before the House, on the Fifth Day 5th Nov. of November next, at St. Margardt's IV: And Sir Thomas Meres, and Sir IVheeler are desired

to give him Notice hereof.

The Question being put ..... the Committees that were appointed may sit this Afternoon.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tdtav,{]£ } «>r the Yeas, .03.

} No*

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Supply. Resolved, kc. That this House w ill on Tuesday Morn-

ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to a Supply for the Building more Ships.

Hertford A Petition of Sir John Goner being tendered to the Election. House, directed to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And it being moved, that he may not be precluded of his Right, by reason of the Committee's not sitting Yesterday, to receive his Petition;

Resolved, &c. That the Committee of Privileges receive the Petition of Sir John Gon er, touching the Election for Hertford, at their next Meeting.

— 30 Novembris. ^.1675.

Manufactures and Trade of Ireland; and of preserving the Manufacturing and Making of Malt; and encouraging the Grow th of Barley.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, committers, be revived; and do sit tins Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the illegal Imprison- illegal Im-ment of the Subject, be read Tomorrow Morning. prisonment.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply. House, to proceed in the further Consideration of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to a Supply for the building more Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Tracer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Tracer reports from the Committee, That they had made some Progress; and humbly moved, that the House may, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, resolve again into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to a Supply for the building more Ships.

Resolved, kc. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to a Supply for the building more Ships.

G<wer‘» A Petition of William Lcccson was read.

Petition.

Mahon A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of

Election. was read.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examinethe State of the Case; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 2" die Novembris, 1675.

Prayers.

Protection of "INFORMATION being given to the House, That aWitnes*. JL one William Berry, who is a material Witness for Sir Hugh Ackland, in a Cause concerning the Election for the Borough of Tiverton in the County of Devon, being in Debt, and in Danger of Arrests, unless he have the Protection of this House;

Ordered, That William shall have the Protection of this House, in coining up, staying, and returning, in order to give lii's Testimony before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, in a Cause between Sir Hugh Ackland and Mr. Foote, concerning the Election for the Borough of Tiverton.

Malton A Debate arising, touching the Petition tendered in

Elecuon. Name of the Inhabitants of the Town of Malton

(which was read, and referred to the Committee of Elections); whether the Petition were regularly and duly signed and presented;

The Question being put, That the Committee of Elections do proceed on the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Malton;.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Derwyh Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Navigation, make lhe River

Dcruvn in the County of Derby navigable.

Trade with . Resolved, &o. That Saturday next be appointed to take France, into Consideration the Report concerning the Trade between England and France.

Ordered, That Saturday next be appointed to take into Consideration the State and Condition of the Nation, in relation to the Woolen Manufacture; and of the Woolen.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committer*. Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii,3* die Novembris, 1675.

P r a t e r s.

A BILL for the better enabling 'Mary Countess EarlonVtr-Dowager of Waruiek, to perform the last Will of Wlfk’* Charles late Earl of Warwick her late Husband, deceased, *st"u* was read a Second titne.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed to Sir Walter St. John, Mr. Maynard, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Trevor, Sir John Knight, Sir Phillip Musgrave, Sir Talbot, Mr. Westphating, Mr. Morris, Mr. Roberts, Sir

Nicho. Carew, Sir Henry Fat'd, Sir Win. Sir

Rob. Bamhaitt, Sir67m. Harbord, SirWm. Sir*

Lewis, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Williams, Sir Richard Evarard, Sir T/io.

Lee, Sir Chris. Musgrave, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Richard

Francklin, Col. Phillipps, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Eyres,

Sir Richard Ford, Sir John Covert, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr.

Sacheverill, Mr. Pleydelt, Sir Edward Hungerford: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to confirm the Sales, made by the Coheirs and Robinson’* Trustees of the Estate of Leonard Rof Kirby Estate. Hall, in the County of York, was read the Second time.

Rtsolted, kc. That this Bill be committed to Sir Phillip Musgrave, Sir Henry Goodrich, Mr. Williams, Mr. Tempest', Sir Henry Pol'd, Sic John Knight, Mr. Serj. Maynard, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Price, Sir Robert Barnham, Mr.

Lewis, Sir John Otway, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Marvell, Sir Chris. Musgrave, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Mr. Civncch, Sir Richard Ford, Sir John Robinson, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Richard FranckliSir John Covert, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Jo. Pettus, Sir John Pelham, Mr. West-pjtaling, Mr: Pierpolrtt, and all that serve for the County, of York: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the ClOek irr thte Afternoon, in the' Inner Court of Winds:

And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill

27 Car. II.

3° — -4° Novemhris.

167

Hawkers Medlars, &c.

A Bill to prevent and suppress Pedlars, Ilawkers, and petty Chapmen, was read.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Jovis, 4* die Novembris, 1675.

Illegal Imprisonment.

A Bill to prevent the illegal Imprisonment of the Subject, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed to Mr. chevcrill, Mr. Russell, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Eyres, Sir I I'm. Hickman, Sir EliabHarvey, Sir Ford, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Coriton, Sir Tho. 0C

Sir Nich. Carew, Sir Rob. BarnhCol. Birch, Sir Fran. Roll, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir John Bennett, Mr. Culliford, Sir Richard Francklin, Sir Wm. Coventrey, Sir John Sir

Anth. Irby, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Mr.

Morris, Mr. Serj. Maynard, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir ston Bampfeild, Sir Hen.Capell, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Blackett, Sir Fra. Drake, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir

Prayers.

ABIL L for the Draining of Lindsey Level being Lindsey brought in, and received, according to Order;

Resolved, See.That the Bill for the Draining of Lindsey Level be read on Monday Morning next, after Ten of the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to en- Rebuilding able the Rebuilding the Town of Northampton; and for ^r|k»n>p-Erecting a Judicature, to determine Differences which lon' may arise, touching the same.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Westminster &c. Courts of Conscience.

Committees.

Method of voting and raising Supplies.

Wm.

John Barnaby, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Newport, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir RowlandBirk/ey, Mr. Sir

Goodrick, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Lewis, Sir Wm.

Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir John Lowther, Sir . John Daxcney, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe:

And all that shall come are to have Voices: And are to meet Tomorrow, at Two'of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time, in a full House, on Monday next, after Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the several Bills for erecting Courts of Conscience for Westminster, and other

Places within the Bills of Mortality, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

A Debate arising in the House, touching the ancient Order and Course of the House, on the Method of raising Supplies; and concerning the Precedency of the lesser Sum;

The House, upon the Question, did resolve and declare it an ancient Orderof the House, Thatwhen there comes

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell an Estate of Thomas Barkle/* Barkley Esquire, was read. Estate.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time, in a full House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the of Wight was Custom Fees

read, complaining of the Officers of the Customs at the at Out-Port*. Ports of Southampton, Cora s, Portsmouth, and for exacting several extraordinary Fees from the Petitioners, and others, to the great Prejudice of the publick Good, and Trade of the Island.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Matter of the Petition, Whether the said Otlicers do exact Money for Fees which by Law they ought not; and whether their Fees, be excessive, and fit to be regulated; and to report the Matter with their Opinions therein, to the House: And it is referred to Mr.

Serjeant Maynard, Sir Robert Holmes, Siv Anthony Irby,

Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Gray, Colonel Sands, Mr.

Mr. Williams, Sir FulkeLucy, Mr. Lucy, Mr.

Mr Maynard, Colonel Norton, Sir Richard Edgccmb,

Sir John Lowther, Mr. Powle, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Rich.

Ford, Mr. Serj. Rigby, Sir Wm.Coventry, Mr. Nicholas,

Mr. ffright, Sir Robert Dillington, Sir John Knight,

Sir Richard Powell, Sir Edm. JeniCol. Gray, Mr. Sands, Mr. Cullif ord, Sir Trevor WSir Lucy, Sir John Mallett, Sir John Elwaycs, Mr. Neale,

Mr. Norton, Sir Wm.Lowther, Mr. Garway, Mr.

Building

Ships.

a Question between the greater and lesser Sum; or the f’ ^j1 John Otway, Mr. Sawyer,

longer or shorter Time, the least Sum and longest Time Sir John Mr. and all that serve fnr

ought first to be put to the Question.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to a Supply for the building more Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee, That they hild made some further Progress; and humbly moved,

that the House may, Tomorrow Morning, resolve again into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to a Supply for building more Ships. Resolved, Sec. That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

Sir John Coventry, Mr. Newport, and all that serve for the County of Southampton, and for the Out-Ports of tins Kingdom: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Information being given to the House, against one Privilege. — Adam Decardoncll, a Patent Officer of the Customs for Libellous

the Town of Southampton, for aspersing Sir Robert Wonis* Holmes, a Member of this House, Governor of the Isle of Wight; and reflecting upon the other Members of this House, and other Inhabitants of the said Island; saying, That the Inhabitants were a Company of mutinous Persons; and the Governor was ready, upon all Occasions, to join with them;

Resolved, That the said Adam Decardcmil, for hi^ Misdemeanor and Breach of Privilege of this House, be

ing, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration this House, or his Deputy.

Call of the House.

of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to a Supply for the building more Ships.

Resolved, &c. That the Calling* over the House, which’ was appointed for Tomorrow, be adjourned till Monday next.

A Bill for recalling the forces out of the French King’s Forces ia Service, was read. French

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time, oh Service* Tuesday Morning next, after Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That a Bill concerning Writs of Habeas Cor- Liberty of Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which were appointed pas, be brought in, and read on Saturday Morning next, the Subject,

to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tomorrow, at

Resolved, See. That this House will on Bucsday Mom- State of ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee Nation, of the whole House, to consider of the State and Condition of the Kingdom,

Ordered,

Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Arid thfen the House adjourned' till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock,

Vox.. IX.

4° — 5°~ — 6°

A, 1675.

"Westminster Ordered, That the Bills for Erecting Courts of Collate. Courts oif science in Westminster, Sou t Incarke, and other Places

Conscience, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, be read on Tuesday next.

Exporting

Wool.

Papists not to sit in Parliament.

Building

Ships.

j-for the Noes, 163.

Committees.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Exportation of Wool, be read on Tuesday next.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to which the Bill for hindering Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament, was referred, several Amendments, agreed by the said Committee to be made to the Bill: Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, for a further Direction to be given to the Committee of the whole House;

The Question being put, Whether any further Direction shall be given to the Committee of the whole House;

The House divide.

The Yeas go out.

Tellers, John Mallet,

7 [Mr. Jregomcdl,

Te"ers> {s£ C£ry FoT' fM *he Ye"' ,57>

And so it passed in the Negative.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to a Supply for building of more Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress therein; and had agreed several Votes to be reported to the House: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, that he might have Leave to report to the House the said Votes, so agreed by the said Committee of the whole House, upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, &c. That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, concerning that Part of his Majesty’s Speech which relates to a Supply for building of more Ships, be made on Saturday Morning next.

Ordered \That all Committees which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 5° die 1675.

Solemnisa- f I 'PI E House being met, in order to go in a Body to tien 0I5 Nov. X St. Margaret's Church, Westminster, to hear a Sermon preached, upon Occasion of the Thanksgiving for the Deliverance from the Gun-powder Plot;

The House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, . Eight a Clock.

Sabbuti, 6° die Novembris, 1675.

Prayers.

MR. Jacob David, and Mr. Herman Olmius, and John Dumesnill, did this Day take the Oaths of

Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for making the River in the County of Darby navigable, w as read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable the Rebuilding, and for erecting a Judicature for Determination of Differences which may arise in the Rebuilding of the Town of Northampton, was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time, on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to Dr. Sandcroft the Dean of Paul's, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday; and that lie be desired to print his Sermon: And that Sir Thomas Meres, and Sir Charles Wheeler, do return him the Thanks of the House; and desire him.to print his Sermon.

A Bill for the better Preserving the Liberty of the Subject, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Sale of the White Lion Gaol in ivarke, in the County of Surrey, was tendered, accepted, and read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir PhilippMSir

Trevor Williams, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir John Heath, Sir John Olxcay, Lord Bulkley, Sir Harvey, Serjeant

Seys, Sir Henry Ford, Sir John Mallett, Sir John Hobart,

Dr. Arris, Colonel Gilby, Mr. Finch, Mr. May, Sir Edmond Jenings, Mr. Williams, Mr Sir John Covert

Serj. Maynard, Sir John Barn Sir John Shaw, Mr.

Street e, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Mallett, Sir Colonel Gray, Mr. Banks, Sir Edward Col.

Kirby, Sir Chr.Musgrave, Sir John Sir

Harcourt, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Sir

Reger Bradshaw, Mr. Mouniague, Mr. Mr.

Serjeant Jones, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Rohe: And they were to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to prevent Abuses in collecting the Duty of Hearth Money, was read the Second time.

Resolved. &c. That this... shall be committed to Sir Eduard Masters, M r. Sacheveretl, Mr. Sir John

Knight, Sir Rich. Francklin, Sir John Elwes, Mr. Cul-

liford. Sir John Hobart, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr.

Sir 7ho. Meeres, Sir Robert Holt, Mr. Bankes, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Crou ch, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Coriton, Mr. Lads,

Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Chris. Sir John Hol-

land, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Devercau.r, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr.

Colonel Birch, Colonel Titus, Sir Hen. Pickering, Mr. Gower: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Tw o of the Clock in tho Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, he revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the whole House, That. had taken Consideration of that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to a Supply for building more Ships, several Votes or Resolves, agreed by the said Committee to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were again read:

And the first Nine Resolves being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed; and areas folloiveth,

Resolved,

Darucnt.

hi aviation.

Rebuilding

Northamp-

ton,

D?. Sandrrofi thanked.

Liberty of the Subject,

White Lion

Gaol.

Fines and Itecoveiief.

Hearth

Money.

Committee

Building

Ship*.

27 Car. II. 6° — 8° Novembrts. 369

Resolved, &c. That One Ship of the First Rate shall be built.

Resolved, &c. That Five Ships of the Second Rate shall be built.

Resolved, See. That Fourteen Ships of the Third Rate shall be built.

Resolved, &c. That the Ship of the First Rate shall contain and measure One thousand Four hundred Tons.

Resolved, &c. That the Five Ships of the Second Rate shall each contain and measure One thousand One hundred Tons.

Resolved, &c. That the Fourteen Ships of the Third Rate shall each contain and measure, one with another, Nine hundred Tons.

Resolved, &c. That Fourteen Pounds per Ton be allowed for the Building of the Ship of the First Rate.

Resolved, &c. That Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings Ton be allowed for the Building of the Five Ships of the Second Rate.

Resolved, &c. That the Nine Pounds Ten Shillings per 1'on be allow ed for the Building of the Fourteen Ships of the Third Rate.

The last Resolve being read a Second time;

The Question being put, Whether this House do agree with the Committee in the last Resolve;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

ler* /Mr' Tnsion,

[Mr. Hoxcard,/

Tellers, fLord Cavendish,

for the Noes, 150.

j- for the Y eas,

17O.

[Mr. Russell,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative; viz. Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a Supply be raised, not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, for the Building, and towards the Guns, Rigging, and other Furnishing, of the Twenty Ships.

The Question being put, That this House do adjourn; The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

/Mr. Hull,

Tellers,

[Mr. Thijti, /Sir Fra.

' [Sir John

for the Noes, 141. for the Yeas, 163.

And so resolved in the Affirmative.

And accordingly the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

I Aina, 8° d , 16*75.

Prayers.

Committees. /~\RDERED, That all Committees which are dis-

continued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Earl of War- Sir Charles Harlot'dreports from the Committee to

wick'sEstate. w hom the Bill for enabling Mary Countess Dowager of Warwick to perform the last Will of Charles late Earl of /l aneiek, deceased, was committed, that the Committee had met, and summoned, and heard, all Persons concerned, who had consented to the Bill; and that, upon Perusal of the Bill, they find no Cause to make any Alteration in it.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Privilege. Information being given to this House, That one Thomas Kirkby, menial Servant of Mr. Robert Spencer, a Member of this House, w as arrested, and detained in Custody, by one Peter a Serjeant, arid Cle-

ment Barber his Yeoman, belonging to the Poultry Compter, Louden, and refused to release him, though demanded by Mr. Spencer himself;

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant for the Discharge of Thomas Kirkby, Servant to Air. Silencer, from his Imprisonment.

Vol. IX.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Contempt of Weaver the Solicitor, and the said Brailesford and Barber, the Serjeant and Yeoman, in arresting Thomas Kirkby, Servant'to Air. Spencer, and detaining him in Custody, when they had Notice of his being Air. s Servant, be

referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine the Alatter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for making the River Darwent in the County Darwent of Derby navigable, was read the Second time. Navigation.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Francis Compton, Mr. Sacluxerell, Colonel G Sir Tre-

vor Williams, Mr. Prncle, Sir Copple Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Robert Barnham, Colonel Lord

Digby, Mr. Stockdale, Sir John Mallett, Sir Knight,

Sir Edward Hungerjord, Sir John Cotton, Lord Ailing-ton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Williams, Sir Richard Powell, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Marvell, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Edu ard

A fosters, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Morris, Air.

]\lulled. Sir Wm.Blackett, Mr. Price, Leake, and all that serve for the Counties of Derby, Notting-

ham, Yorke, and Leicester, and the Out Ports: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And are to summon and hear all Persons concerned: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Ascertaining of the Ways and Afeans for the better ascertaining of Measure*. Aieasures; and to prepare and bring in a Bill to that Purpose, as they shall think fit: And it is referred to Air.

Ptrw/e, Sir Cha.Harbord, Sir Edu ard Masters, Sir Tre-

vor Williams, Sir Coppleston Bampfeil, Lord Digby, Sir II in.Coventry, Sir EliabHarvey, Mr. Spry, Colonel Byrch, Sir John Hot bam, Sir Wm.Bucknall, Mr. Neale, Mr. Sachtvcrell, Sir Richard PowellAir. Williams, Sir

Lane. Lake, Sir Tito. Lee, Mr. Cul/ifordSir Downing, Sir John Holland, Mr. Bascowen, Mr. Air.

Crou ch, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Sir George

Probart, Sir Fran. Drake, Sir John CovSir Henry Ford, Sir Richard Everard, Sir Edward Air.

Pinpoint, Sir John Newton, Dr. Arris, Sir Wentworth, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Knight, Sir Pettus, Sir Francis Clarke, Sir Il lusion Churchill, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Air. Morgan, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Hamden, Alajor Brow-

holme, Mr. Hobby, Col. Robert Philipps, Six John Bennett,

Air. Banks, Mr. Lewis; or any Three of them.

A Petition of Air. Thomas Howarnow Prisoner in privilege — the Tower, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, Petition from was tendered; acknowledging his being sensible of his a person in Breach of Privilege; and praying his Discharge; tie 0<'e‘*

But the Petition being not signed, by reason of his Incapacity to do it by Sickness, the Lord Morpeth, who delivered the Petition, asserted, that he received the Petition of Air. Howard; and that he did own it, and would have subscribed it, if he had been able; and desired it might be tendered in his Name.

And the Petition being read;

Resolved, See. That Air. Howard be discharged from his Imprisonment in the Tower: And that Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Constable of the Tower, or his Deputy, for his Discharge.

Ordered, That the Lord Cavendish, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Speaker and Air. Howard, do attend Air. Speaker; who is de- to settle

sired to accommodate the Differences between them, if Dirierences. he can; and to report the same to the House.

Information being given to the House, of a very high Assault on Insolence and Violence committed upon Air. de Lu~ <,e Luzaucy, zancy,a Convert of the Protestant Religion, by one &c*

German a Jesuit, and others, his Conlederates; and a Narrative in Writing being tendered, and read, giving a particular Account of the whole Alatter;

Resolved, See.That a Committee be appointed to take the said Narrative, now read, into Consideration; and

5 A to

Call of the House.

Rebuilding

Northamp-

ton.

37°

8® — 90 Novembris.

A. 1675.

Lord Chief Justice to issue a War* rant.

Papists not to sit in Parliament.

to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions, to the House And also to consider of such Ways and Means as they shall find necessary for securing and encouraging of Converts to the Protestant Religion; and to bring in a Bill to that Purpose: And also to examine, what Priests or Jesuits have been of late Years committed or convicted; and by what Warrants, and by whom procured, they have been released, reprieved, or pardoned; and to report the whole Matter to the House, with their Opinions therein: And it is referred to Lord Cavendish, Sir Edward Decring, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Win.Cor at trey, Sir

Cha. Harliord, Sir Tho. MereSir John Hot hamMr.

Crouch, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Richard Ford, SW Trevor Williams, Colonel Titus, Lord Ancram, Sir Trevor

Colonel Byrch, Mr. Maltctt, Mr. Swinfen, Sir 7ho.

Clargis, Sir Nich. Career, Mr. Edm. Jennings, Sir John Caventrey, Mr. Russell, Mr. SMr. Sawyer, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Hen.Ford, Mr. II Colonel

Sir Fred. Hide, Sir Fhi/t. Warwick, Sir,

Sir John MaHett, Sir F/iah Harvey; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That the Lord Chief Justice of England be desired forthwith to issue his Warrant for the apprehending St.German the Jesuit, and his Confederates; and for searching for, and apprehending, all Priests and Jesuits whatsoever.

An ingrossed Bill to hinder Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act for hindering Popish Recusants to sit in either House of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevor do can y up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence: And that he do, at the same time, remind their Lordships of the Vote of this House for recalling of his Majesty's Subjects out of the French King’s Service; to which their Lordships Concurrence was desired.

Ordered, That the House be called over this Day Scveunight; and as to such as shall be Deiaulters, v hose Excuses are not allowed, the like Letters be sent to compel their Attendance, as was sent the last Sessions.

The Question being put, that the Bill concerning the Rebuilding of the Town of Northampton, be now read;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

j- for the Yeas, 123.

SIlln-a,. } for

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the House be now adjourned;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Telte'{s.38.

And so it passed in the Negative.

— , [Mr. Clarke, Tellers’lMr. Morris,

W ays and Cleans.

to be reported to the'House: Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table; and are as foiloiveth ;viz.

That the Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, be raised by a Land lax, and Monthly Assessment.

Resolved, &c. That the said Supply shall be raised by Eighteen Months Assessment; according to the Proportion of Seventeen thousand Two hundred and l our Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, by the Month, to be paid by Quarterly Payments.

The said Resolves were again read.

And the First Resolve, being read a Second time at the Clerk’s T’able, was, upon the Question, agreed.

The Second Resolve was read a Second time.

A Motion being made, for Candles to be brought in; Candle*

The Question being put, That Candles be brought in;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

, fSir Tho. Lee, e erb>^yfY. Sacheverell,

TpIWq /Sir John Talbot>

1 [Sir Chr. Musgravcy

1

J

for the Yeas, 143. for the Noes, 118.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, That these Words, " and that no other Charge be laid upon the Subject this Session of Parliament," be added at the End of the last Resolve of the Committee;

The Question being put, That these Words, " and that no other Charge be laid upon the Subject this Scs^on of Parliament," be made Part of the Vote;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

fSir Tho. Meres,

for the Yeas, 145.

W to ba

Resolved, &c. That this House will now resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Way of raising the Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Thousand Pounds.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Way of raising the Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports Irom the Committee of the whole House Two Resolves, agreed by the said Committee, id

1 [Sir Eliah llarvey,

Tellers, Illusion Churchill,\ j.

’[Mr. Howard,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee with this Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Supply shall be raised by Eighteen Months Assessment, according to the Proportion of Seventeen thousand Two hundred and Four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, by the Month, to be paid by quarterly Payments; and that no other Charge be laid upon the Subject this Session of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mortis, 9" die Novembris, 1675.

Prayers.

JOHN Crogerand John Elers, this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are discontinued, Committees, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Information being given to this House, of a Breach of Privilege -Privilege committed by Roger Norton.

Johnl (right, NevillSi?nons, iiiu\RoxclandI ay lur, in entering into the House, and seizing and takingaw ay certain Goods, belonging to Colonel Robert Phillips., a Member of this House, while he was attending the Service of this House;

Resolved, &c. That Roger Norton. /

John Wright, NevillSimons, and Rowland Taylor, be

sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, to answer their Breach of Privilege, in entering into the House, and seizing and carrying away the Goods of Colonel Robert Phillips, a Member of this House, whilst he was attending the Service of the House.

' c

A Bill for enabling the Rebuilding the Town of Rebuilding Northampton, and erecting a Judicature, for Determi- Nwihamp-

h.

T'v

I*

nation lolu

f S’

27 Car. II. 9® — 1 o° Novembris.

nation of Differences which may arise touching the same, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir Henry Caple, Mr. John Holman, Sir Richard Ford, S\v John Cot ton, Mr. Williams, Sir John Knight, Sir John Covert, Sir Cha. Harhord, Sir Y//o. Littleton, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Cnrwch, Sir Jo/w Mr. Attorney Alountague, Mr. Jones, Serjeant Pcci/cu, Mr. Low, Mr. Roberts, Sir Tho. ffoodcock, Sir lldnt. Jenings, Mr. Cull;ford, Mr. Cheticyn, Mr. Clarke, Sir Hen. Lord, Sir I Pm. Wentworth, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Morriee, Sir John Holland, Sir Antho. Irby, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Jos.* rJradenham. Air. Mallett, Sir Sam. Barnadiston, Mr. J! right, Sir Nic. Pelham, Sir John Lew ton, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Coriton, Sir Fran, llussell, Sir John Pieces, Mr. How, Mr. Boseozcen, Colonel Norton, Lord Co vendish, Alajor Cormcall, Lord FitzlVilliams, Sir Lane. Lake. Sir Hugh Belhell, Mr. Jones, Mr. Henley, Lord Scudamore, Colonel Phillips, Sir Nic. Stczcard, Lord Angler, Dr. Arris, Sir John Robinson, Lord Digby, and all that serve for the several Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Bedford, Hertford, Bucks, Oxford, and Huntington: And they are all to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Earl of An ingressed Bill for the better enabling Maty Count ess

'Warwick’s Dowager of f'Faricick to pe.form the last Will and Tcs- lament of her deceased Husband Charles late Earl of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better enabling Mary Countess Dowager of H arwich, to perform the last Will and Testament of her deceased Husband Charles late Earl of J Harwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Roberts do carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Resolved, Sec. That this House will, on Saturday Woollen Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve in<o a Manmactu.-\ Committee of the whole House, to take into their Consideration the State and Condition of the Woollen Manufacture; and how to improve it.

Resolved, See. That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- State of the ing, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of Nation-the whole House, to consider the State and Condition of the Kingdom.

Resolved, See. That this House will, on next, Supply,

at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Matter touching the Supply for building more Ships*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Linen the Encouragement of the Linen Manufacture: And Manufacture* that Sir ll iUium Coven trey, and Colonel do

bring in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 10® die Novembris, 1675.

P It A Y f. r s.

IN F OIIM A TIO N being given to the House, that Delay of a a Writ being sent and delivered to the High Sheriff Writ, for the County of Sufjulke, for electing a Burgess for the

Borough of Eye; and the Election being past a Week since, he hath hitherto neglected to make Return of the Writ, to ihe Injury of the Member elected;

Ordered, That the High Sheriff of the County of1 SnJJhllic be summoned to attend, and give an Account at the Bar of this House, of his Neglect, in not returning the Writ for electing a Burgess to serve for the Borough of d’ye in the County of Slidbike.

Measures of Ordered, That the Bill for regulating Measures of Fuel, Fuel. brought in by Order, be read Tomorrow Morning.

F.xporting A Bill to prevent the Transportation of Wool, was read Wool. the Second time.

East India A Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, Seamen, Company., and others, complaining of the East India Company, was also read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill and Petition be committed to Sir Trevor ISir Irby, Mr. Crou ch, Sir John Coriton, Sir Geo. Sir Masters, Sir John Ekces, Sir Ford, Mr.

Sir Adam Browne, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Doytvy, Sir John Knight, Sir 1 ho. AllenSir II heeler. Col.

Byrch, Sir Richard Ford, Sir IVm. Coventry, Sir Richard Poecell, Sir John Meres, Alderman Lore, Sir Samuell Barnardislon, Mr. PupiSir Tho. Lee, Sir Joseph

Tredenham, Lord Digby, Blackett, Mr. Spry, Mr.

How, Mr. May, Mr. It Sir Cha. Harhord, Sir

Joseph Ash, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Onslow, Dr. Sir

Courtney Poole, Colonel Strode, Sir IVm. Strode, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Serjeant RSir Hickman, Sir Hotham, Mr Pow/e, Sir Richard Temple, Mr.

Mr. Jones, Colonel Sandys, Mr. , Sir Career,

Mr Wright, Mr. Sackvile, Mr.

Sir John Burnaby, Sir Rober Sir John Brainstem,

Sir John Erncly, Mr. CMr. Hobby, Sir Robert Cordell, Sir John Pettus, Sir Edward Idee ring, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr Culliford, Sir Sir AT

Ur. Palmes, Mr. Swinjen, Mr. Hopkins, Sir

son, Mr. Vane, Sir John Coven Sir Throg-

morton, Mr. Streete, Mr. Morgan, Sir Geo. Probcrt, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Sir

Sir John Bur lace, Mr. Samuell Foote, Mr. Gecynn, Sir Edu ard Mansell: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. IX.

Ordered, That the Bill for draining Lindsey Level be Lindsey brought in, and read, on Friday Morning next. Level.

A Bill for recalling such his Majesty’s Subjects as are Subjects in in the Service of the French King, was read the Second French time. Service.

Resolved, Scc. That this Bill be committed to Sir 'Thomas Littleton, Mr. Sachevcretl, Mr Knight, Mr. Crouch, Sir Fliab Harvey, Lord Sir

Tho. Meres, Sir Ft Im.Jennings, Sir John Lowther, Sir

John F lives, Mr. Price, Sir Hen.Goodrich, Mr. Lewis, Colonel Gilby, Sir IVm. Coventry, Sir Sir

John Ilotham, Sir John Otway, Sir J ho. Lee, Mr. Powle,

Sir Nick. Carcw, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho. Clargis,

Sir Cha. II’heeler, Colonel Kirkhy, Sir Harhord, Sir

JVm.Lowther, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Mr.

Morris, Mr. Spry, Mr. Palmes, Sir Irby, Air,

Serjeant Rigby, Sir Row. Berkley, Mr. Stockda/c, Sir John Downey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for preserving Preservation the Fishing in several Rivers of this Kingdom, be heard of Fishing. Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent and suppress Hawkers, Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, he read Tomorrow. Pedlars, &c«

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill to prevent illegal Illegal Exaction of Aloney from the Subject be heard on Friday Exactions, next, after Ten of the Clock.

A Afessnge from the Lords by Sir JVm. Beversham Conference; and Sir Edward Lcm e-, British in

Air. Speaker, We are to acquaint you, from the Lords, that they desire a present Conference with this House, in

the

p

37a

the Painted Chamber, upon the Matter of the Vote and Message of this House, concerning his Majesty’s Subjects in the Service of the French King.

The Messengers being withdrawn; and a present ' Conference being, upon the Question, agreed to;

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr Sawyer, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Pmvle, Mr. Sache-

verell, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Williams, Sir John Hotham, Sir EdzcardDeering, Mr Sir Charles Wheeler,

Sir Lionell Jenkins, Mr. and Sir Edward

Baynton, do attend and manage the Conference.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Conference, That the Lords did acquaint them, that they had considered of the Vote and Message of this House, concerning his Majesty's Subjects in the Service of the French King; and that they had changed the Vote, and put it into another Form: Which, being reduced into Writing, was delivered in at the Conference; and, being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and read, is as followeth;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and in Parliament assembled, taking Notice, to our great Satisfaction, of Your Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, bearing Date the Nineteenth of May One thousand Six hundred Seventy-five, intituled, A Proclamation, Commanding the immediate Return of all Your Majesty’s Subjects who have gone into the Service of the French King, as Soldiers, since the late Treaty of Peace with the States General of the United Provinces, and prohibiting all Your Majesty’s Subjects to enter into the said Service for the Time to come; and finding the re hath not been that Observance paid to it, which Your Majesty might have expected, and ail Your Loyal Subjects could have wished, do, out of our earnest Desires, that Your Royal Intentions, so agreeable to the Interest and Welfare of Your People, Should no longer be disappointed, humbly make this our Petition and Address unto Your Majesty, that You would be graciously pleased to renew Your former Proclamation, strengthening it with such additional Severities, upon those who shall not obey it, as shall be agreeable to Law.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of the Matter of the Conference had with the Lords, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

State of the The House then resolved into a Committee of the Nation. whole House, to consider the State and Condition of the Kingdom.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the whole House, several Votes, agreed by the said Committee, to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House will resolve again into a Committee of the whole House, on Friday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of the State and Condition of the Kingdom.

And the said Votes being again twice read at the Clerk’s Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and are as followeth;

Resolved, &c. That the Atheism, and excessive Debauchery and Impiety, now practised in this Kingdom, shall be one Part of the Matter to be redressed in the State of the Kingdom.

Resolved, &c. That the Summoning of Justices of the Peace to the Council Board, for their Proceedings in Matters judicially before them relating to the Excise, is a Grievance; and shall be one Part of the Matter to be redressed in the State of the Kingdom.

j4. 75.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to Excise and examine certain Instructions that have been sent into the Ileartb Country, relating to the Excise and Hearth Money; and Money, to report the same, with their Opinions, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Meres, Sir

Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Thomas Doteman, Sir Voxcell,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Williams,

Air. Spry, Colonel Whitley, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Nic.

Carexo, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. CholmleySir Sir John Hotham, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Wm.

Coventry, Mr. Garroway, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Streete, t Sir EduardDeering, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir

Air. Thynne, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Sir Otway, Mr. Marvell, Sir Edm. Jennings, Air.

Air. Pmvle, Mr. Siockdale, Mr. Palmes, Sir

Sir Wm.Bueknall, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Edxvard

Baynton, Sir Cha. Harboi'd, Mr. Air. Swinfen,

Sir Lionell Jenkins, Colonel Byrch, Air or any

Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House will on Friday Aloming State f the next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve into- a Committee Nation, of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the State and Condition of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are discontinued, Committees, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, II. die Novembris, 1675.

JfEnjamin Caudry and John Way mans this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

The Bill for Naturalization of Jacob David, and others, David's, Ac. was read the First time. Nat.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for opening a Passage between Chancery Lane Chancery and Little Lincolnes Inn Fields, was read. Lane, &c.

Resolved, Sec. That tins Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Streete reports from the Committee to whom the Preservation Bill for the Preservation of the Fishing in several Rivers of fri8bmS* of this Kingdom, was committed, several Amendments agreed to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence in the Bill; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Alotion being made, to add the Words ‘‘Commonalty and Citizens of the City of ," after the

Words " Lord Alayor," in the last Proviso of the Bill, and to make the Word "his" "their;"

Resolved, & c. That these Words, "Commonalty and Citizens of the City . ." be added after the Words " Lord Mayor;" and that the Word "his" be made " their," in the last Proviso in the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Words " 7 and be added after the Word " Frome," in the Recital of the Rivers.

A Proviso for the City of Chester was read twice; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill with the Amendments and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act, intituled, Regulating An Act for preventing the frequent Abuses in printing the Printkj

seditious, P‘es*.

i o° — 110 N.

'iq Car. II.

i° Novembris.

373

Northern

border*.

seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets, and for regulating of Printing, and printing Presses, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on Wednesday next, after Ten of the Clock.

A Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Hawkers, A Bill to prevent and suppress Pedlars, Hawkers, and Pedlars, ike. petty Chapmen, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Hotham, Sir Holland, Mr. Crowck, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Mr.

Hungerford, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Colonel

Titus, Sir Tho.Lee, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir JVm. Thompson, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Nic. Air. Jones, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Maynard, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Edward Hungerford, Mr. Sherrard, Sir Wm. Blackett, Colonel Birch, Mr. B Sir Hickman, Air.

May, Sir Cha.Wheeler, Sir Masters, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Geo. Dozening, Air Sir John Mallett,

Sir Edm. Jenings, Mr. Air. Hall, Sir Tho.

Meeres, Sir Samucll Barnardiston, Mr. Foote, Sir John Bar no by, Sir Nic. Pedley, Sir Everard, Mr. Love,

Sir John Hobart, Sir Wm. Bassett, Mr. Neale, Sir

Warxcick, Sir Leolinc Jenkins, Sir Lucy, Mr.

Straingxvayes, Sir Baynham Throgmorton, Mr. Mounson, Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Richard Ford, Air.

Spry, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Wright, Sir John Dauney, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Bankcs, Mr. Iloxv, Sir John Brampston, Sir Fran. Drake, Mr. MarvSir Wm. Bucknall, Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Sackvile, Sir Fran. Roll, Mr. Papillon, Sir John Robinson, Mr. Sir Tho.

Estcourt, Sir Tho. Doleman, Mr. Appreece, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir Wm. Coventrey, Air. oacheverell, Sir John Holman, Mr. Rashby, Mr. Onslow, Sir Hump. Winch, Sir John Elzvayes, Sir Robert Thomas, Sir Tho. Williams, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Sir Wayman,

Air. Wright, Mr. Packer, Mr. Lindfeild, Mr. Turgis, Sir Eduard Baynton, Sir Edward Mansell, Mr. Lads, Mr. Finch, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Chet-win, Sir Hen. Thompson: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. A Petition of the Company of Glass-sellers was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee, to whom the Bill to preventand suppress Pedlars, Hawkers, and Petty Chapmen, stands referred; to take the Alatter of the Petition into Consideration; and what is fit for the Petitioners Relief; and to make Provision for it in the Bill; or report the Alatter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Coal Trade, A Bill for the Ease of the Coal Trade, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divide:

The Yeas go forth.

}f»rtte Ye">

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

A Summon* Resolved, Sec. That the Alessenger which was sent to recalled. summon the High Sheriff of Sujfolke to attend at the Bar of this House, be recalled.

Supply. The House then resolved into a Committee of the

whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of the Alatter touching the Supply,

Vol. IX.

Air. Speaker left the Chais.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed a Vote, to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which is as followeth;

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Supply for building the Ships, shall be made payable into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and be kept separate, distinct, and apart from all other Aloney whatsoever; and appropriated and applied for the Building, and towards the Guns, Rigging, and other Furnishing, of the Twenty Ships, and to no other Use: And that Penalties shall be inflicted upon the Officers of the Exchequer, Navy, and Ordnance, and all other Persons respectively, through whose Hands any Part of the said Supply shall pass, in case the said Supply, or any Part thereof, shall be otherwise diverted or misapplied: And that the Account for the said Supply shall be transmitted to the Commons of England in Parliament: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would order a Bill to be brought in, pursuant to the several Votes reported from the said Committee.

The Vote, now reported, being read at the Clerk’s Table, w’as, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Supply for building the Ships shall be made payable into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and be kept separate, distinct, and apart from all other Aloney whatsoever; and appropriated and applied for the Building, and towards the Guns, Rigging, and other Furnishing of the Twenty Ships, and to no other Use: And that Penalties shall be inflicted upon the Officers of the Exchequer, Navy and Ordnance, and all other Persons respectively, through whose hands any Part of the said Supply shall pass, in case the said Supply, or any Part thereof, shall be otherwise diverted or misapplied: And that the Account for the said Supply shall be transmitted to the Commons of Englandin Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the several Votes reported from the said Committee; and agreed to by the House.

The Question being put, That the House be now adjourned;

The House divide:

'I’he Noes go forth.

Yeas, 117.

1 ellers, ^NchUt, } for the

"»*{& Noes, ,46.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Candles shall be brought

m:

The House divide:

The Yeas go out

}*»* Yk-. >47.

' Te^{l^tSW.}for theN0"'13'-

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Debate arising in the House, touching the Annexing the Bill for appropriating the Customs to the Use of the Navy, to the Bill for the Supply;

The Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned; The House divide:

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers'{l} for <he YeM' '3«-

TelleKi-{sImIlSIt, } f"r the Noes, 150.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being propounded, That the Bill for appropriating the Customs to the Use of the Navy shall be annexed to the Bill to be brought in for the Raising of a

5 B Supply

Candles*

9

Lyndsey

Level.

Eye Election.

Regulating

Elections.

374 i 2* — 130 Novembris. A: 167$.

Supply for the Providing, Equipping, and Furnishing the Twenty Ships;

A Motion being made, That these Words, " That this House will take into Consideration the Anticipations upon the Revenue of the Customs," be made Part of the Question;

The Question being put, That these Words, " That this House will take into Consideration the Anticipation upon the Revenue of the Customs," be made Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill for appropriating the Customs to the Use of the Navy shall be annexed to the Bill to be brought in for the Raising of a Supply for the Providing, Equipping, and Furnishing the Twenty Ships;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

| for the Yeas, 151. TeUers’{sTk£rlHol, nes, } «h. Noes, U+

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill for appropriating the Customs to the Use of the Navy shall be annexed to the Bill to be brought in for raising of a Supply for the Providing, Equipping, and Furnishing the Twenty Ships.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed of these Members following; vis.Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Sachevei'ell, Sir LeolincJenkins, Sir John Trevor, Sir Tho. Lee, Win.

Vaughan, Mr. Wright, Colonel Sir Edward

Boynton, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bowie, Sir Edward Decring, Sir Tho. Littleton, or any Three of them, to bring in the said Bills, so united and annexed, according to the several Votes of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

'‘Veneris, 12* die Novembris, 1675.

ABIL L for draining Lyndsey Level was read the First time.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be read a Second time, in a full House, after Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of George Welsh Esquire, complaining of the undue Election of Robert Reeves Esquire, to serve as a Burgess for the Borough of Eye in the County of SuJ/'olke, to the Wrong of the Petitioner, was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Debate arising, concerning the Regulating the

O' o 00

Election of Members to serve in Parliament; and the exorbitant Drinking and Expences at Elections;

Resolved, 8cc. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And it is referred to Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Sxcinfen, Mr. Henry Bowie, Mr.

Boscoreen, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir . John Berkenhead, Sir Jona. TrelSir

Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. Vaughan, Sir George Reeves, Sir

Cyrill Wych, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Col. Byrch, Sir John

Mallett, Sir Christ. Musgrave, Mr. Mr.

Serjeant Maynard, Sir William Coventry, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Denny Ashburnham, Sir Irby,

Mr. Sawyer, Sir Cha. Harbord; or any Five of them.

A Paper, containing the Form of a Vote or Order of this House, concerning Drinking, Bribery, and Expences at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, being . tendered; and read;

Resolved, &c. That the said Paper, now read, be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, 14

to consider thereof; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House with Speed.

A Debate arising, concerning the poor People of this Poor Law*. Kingdom; and the Laws now in being relating the reunto; and the great Charge laid upon the Subject for their Maintenance;

Resolved, 8cc. That a Committee be appointed, to consider of the Laws now in being, for Maintenance of the Poor, and the Laws concerning Vagrants; and to propose Remedies to lessen or prevent the great Charges that are laid upon the Subject, for Relief of the Poor; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House: And it is referred to Mr. Garraway, Sir Thom.

Clargis, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Henry Goodrich, Sir Thom.

Lee, Sir Henry Puckering, Sir John Knight, Mr. Stock-dale, Sir John Dawney, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Robert Holt, Col. Byrch, Sir Henry Ford, Sir John Ernley, Mr.

Swinfen, Sir JVm. Coventrey, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr.

Boscmcen, Sir Trey.Williams, Sir John Holland, Mr.

How, Mr. Williams, Sir Rich. Franckland, Col. Shei'rard,

Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Whittaker, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Williams reports from the Committee to whom Illegal the Bill to prevent illegal Exaction of Money from the Exaction* Subject was committed, several Amendments, agreed to be made; . a Proviso to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence, . the Bill; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso being tendered to be added to the Bill for the Saving the Duty or Composition of Twelve Pence upon every Chaldron of Coals; and being debated; was withdrawn.

Another Proviso being tendered, and read, was, with some Amendments at the Table, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant I’embrook* to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, for the County and Borough of in

the room of Rowland Langhome Esquire, lately deceased.

Resolved, See. That this House will on Tuesday next, state of the at Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, resolve into a Nation. Committee of the whole House, to proceed in tiic Consideration of the State and Condition of the Kingdom.

C*

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, Committee*, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbali, 13* die Novembris, 16*75.

Prayers.

SI R John Birkenhead reports from the Committee to Lord whom the Bill for the Payment of the Debts ot Charles late Lord Viscount Kilmurand for raising s a Portions for Byron Nedhumand Charles Aedham '1 h o of his younger Sons, was referred, several Amendments, agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his '

Place; and afterw ards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being tw ice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Petition

fjii

am

ky.

Diva

ktii

Cfli;

tllj.

iLro.it

L

v:j

u

LX

27 Car.II. 130 Novem. 375

Importing A Petition of the Bailiff, Wardens, and Assistants of foreign Silks. j^e (Company of Weavers of London, was tendered, and Sir Coriton, Col. Birch, Sir Rich, l'ord,

received. Sir Jennings, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Bennett, Sir

Cartxv, Sir Sir Tho.

Berkley’s A Bill to enable Trustees to sell an Estate of Thomas Sir Hen. Sir Tho. Mr. Head, Mr.

Estate. Berkley Esquire, for the Payment of Debts, was read a Williams, Sir Mr. Tapi lion, Mr. Wright,

Second time. Mr. Serjeant Serjeant Maynard, Sir

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Cotton, Sir Mr. Sir

Ford, Sir Cha.Harbord, Sir Eduard Deej'ing, Sir Edm. Hickman, Col. Sir Courtney Poole, Mr.

Jennings, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Coriton, Serj. May- Col. Sands, Mr. Sir Mr. Fertile,

nard, Mr. Wright, Sir John Knight, Serjeant Jones, Mr. Sir John Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Stcckdale, Mr. Pepys,

Hopkins, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Otway, Sir John Alderm. Bence, Mr. Thompson, Sir

Mr. Onslow, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Wm. Bucknall, and all that serve for the Cities of Culliford, Sir Jonath. Trelawny, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. London and Westminster: And they are to meet on Crouch, Serj. Rigby, Mr. Buller, Colonel Sands, Mr. Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in Westphaling, Sir Anth.Irby, Mr. Bennett, and all that the Speaker’s Chamber; and to send for the Petitioners serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they only, and not any other of the Weavers; and report the are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House. Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are to

send for all Parties concerned in the said Bill; and to Sir John reports from the Committee to whom

examine, how the Conveyances stand; and what the the Matter about the Narrative relating to Monsieur de Debts are that stand charged upon the Lands; and what Luzancy, was referred, the Examination of one Daniell the Value of the Lands are, that are by the Bill appointed taken before the said Committee: Which he read

to be sold; and to report the same to the House. in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the

Clerk’s Table: Which being the re read, is as followeth; Committees Ordered, That Sir Geo. Downing be added to the , .,

Med* Committee, to whorn the Bill for reviving and continuing Friday, 12th 1675.

the Act for Exportation of Leather is referred. "Daniell Cordier* French Gentleman, being examined,

Ordered, That Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Brampstm, saith, He hath been examined before the King in Council, Mr. Hopkins, Ns.*Chetxvin, Mr. Williams, Sir John Knight, Monday last in the Evening; and refers himself to his

Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Croxoch, and Mr. Onslow, be Examination of what he hath there said: llut further added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the saith, That Motuhty last about Noon, he being walking in Augmentation of small Vicarages is referred: And that James Park, with Mons. Blanchard, Secretary to the the said Committee do meet in the Speaker’s Chamber, French Ambassador, and Mons. Le Pin, Clerk or Writer for the future; and not in the Inner Court of Wards, as to Secretary and Mons. a French

was formerly appointed. Minister; they did see Mons. St. German walking

in the said Park, from towards James

Hearth Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the several House; and that the said Mons. St. German did stop a

Money. Counties of Yorke, Darby, Stafford, Warwick, Wilts, and while, and talk with a Gentlewoman in the Walk there. Hereford, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill

for preventing the Abuses in collecting the Duty of Hearth- A Debate arising thereupon;

money, is referred: And that all that come are to have Resolved, tkc. That an Address be presented to his

Voices: And that the said Committee be revived; and Majesty, representing to him the Default of not appre-do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed. hending Mons. German: And that it be referred to

Sir Lee, Sir Meres, Lord Cavendish, Mr. D»vie»’ Sir John Knight reports from the Committee to whom SachevcreU, Sir FJiab Haney, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Debts. the Bill to enable Trustees to raise Monies towards Mr. Secretary Sir Sir

Payment of the Debts of Alexander Davies Gentleman, Sir Phill. Mr. Hopkins, Sit Tho.

deceased, was referred, several Amendments, agreed by Mr. Colonel Mr. Vaughan, Sir

the said Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he Tho. Littleton, Sir Carcrr, Sir Wm. Covcntrey, Sir read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same John Hot ham Sir Goodrich',- Sir Rob. Thomas, Sir in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again John Holland, or any Three of them, to prepare and twice read, with some Amendments made at the Table, draw up the said Address upon the Debates of the House, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to Several Motions being made for the Encouragement

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments of Converts from the Roman Catholick Church to the agreed to, be ingrossed. Church of and particularly of Dr.

Mons. De Luzancy, and Mons. La Molt;

Coal and A Bill for regulating the Abuses in the Measures of And the House being informed by Mr. Secretary Wood Mea- Coals and Wood, was read the First time. Williamson, that his Majesty had been pleased already to

»ures. The Question being put, That this Bill be read a prefer Dr. jto be Prebend of Rochester; and

Second time; designed him some further Preferment;

It passed in the Negative. Ordered, That the Thanks of this House he returned

to his Majesty, for his great Care for Promoting the Importing The Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, and Assistant3 Protestant Religion, in preferring Dr. Brer a Convert

foreign Silks, of the Company of Weavers of London, delivered in this from the Roman Catholick Church; and for his Grace and

Day; complaining of the Importation of foreign wrought Favour towards him: And that Mr. Secretary Williamson Silks and Stuff’s; and of a Frame or Loom lately used for do return the Thanks of his House accordingly, the making many Ribbons at once, to the Destruction of Ordered, That Mons. de Luzancy, and Mons. La the Trade of Weaving, was read. Mott, Two Converts from the Roman Catholick Church,

Resolved, See.That the Consideration of the said Petition be recommended by the House to his Majesty, as

be referred to Mr. Alderm. Love, Sir Edw. Bmtyer, Sir Persons fit to partake of his Majesty’s Grace and

Anth. Irby, Sir John Fagg, Lord Morpeth, Sir Tho. Est- Favour in preferring the m.

court, Sir Wm. Coventrey, S it Tho. Littleton, Sir John The House being moved, that Mr. Barker, the Chaplain

Berkenhcad, Sir Geo. Dozening, Mr. Buscau en, Mr. now attending this House, be also recommended by this Garraxcay, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Serj. Rigby, Sir Edward House to his Majesty, as a Person fit for Preferment;

Deering, Sir Wm.Blackett, Sir W>n. Thompson, Sit Henry Ordered, That Mr. Barker, the Chaplain now attending

Ford, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Swiifen, Sir John Elxccs, Mr. this House, be recommended by this House to his Majesty, Vol. IX. as

Assault on de Luzancy^ &c.

37^ 13° — 15* Novembris- A. 1675.

as a Person fit to partake of his Majesty's Grace and Favour, in preferring him.

Information being given to the House of certain dangerous Words spoken by some Popish Recusants, upon the Occasion of the Matter relating to Mons. de

Ordered That it be referred to the same Committee, to whom the Narrative of Mons. de Luzancy is referred, to examine the Matter of the said Information; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Privilege — The House being informed, that the House of Lords Jurisdiction appointed to hear the Cause upon the Appeal brought Shirley v. by Dr. Shirley against Sir John a Member of this F*gg. House, on Saturday the Twentieth of this instant November,) and that the said Order was this Day served upon Sir John Fagg;

And the Order being read;

Resolved, Scc. That the further Consideration thereof be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Woollen Resolved, &c. That this House will on Wednesday next.

Manufacture. aj. Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State and Condition of the Woollen Manufacture; and how to improve it.

Irish Cattle. Resolved, &c. That this House will on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act for prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 15* die N1675. Prayers.

QERrard Berens, Abraham Kniveidt, Peter Mohrman, and John S/ymer, this Day took the Oaths of Alle-

giance and Supremacy in order to their Naturalization.

Clothing

Trade.

A Petition of the Clothiers of complaining

of the Restraint laid by the East India and Turkey Companies on their Members, not to export doth into India or Turkey, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Petition be referred to the same Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool stands committed; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Moor- A Bill to prevent Moor-burning in several Counties,

burning. was read the Second time.

Resolved, Scc. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Henry Ford, Sir 77m. Mompesson, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Price, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Mr. Boscowen, Mr.

Williams, Sir Phill. MuCol. Sandys, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Westphaling, Mr.

Sir Richard Graham, Mr. Crozech, Mr. PalmesTS\r Fran. Russell, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Stockda/e, Sir Adam Browne, and all that serve for the several Counties of Yorke, Lancaster, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Durham, and Devon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Chancery A Bill for enlarging a Passage and Way going between LanePassage. Chancery Lane and Lincolns Inn Fields, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Scc. That this Bill be committed to Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Maynard, Mr. May, Mr. William, Sir John Otway, Mr. Tulse, Mr. Culliford, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr, Morris, Colonel Sands, Sir Phill.

Musgrave, Sir Tho. , Sir John Robinson, Mr.

Westphaling, Sir Lane.Lake, Sir AntIrby, Mr. Crouch,

Mr. Mallett, Mr. Clarke, Sir Edward Masters, Sir John

Elwes, Sir John Moreton, Mr. May, Sir Adam Browne, and all that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Insolvent Debt, be read Tomorrow Morning. Debtors.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Preservation of Preservation the Fishing in several Rivers in this Kingdom, be read Tomorrow Morning, after Ten of the Clock.

A Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery was read the Preventing Second time. Growth of

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir Ed- Popery' mond Jenings, Sir John Knight, Sir John Trexor, Mr.

Hobby, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Cro Mr. Hall, Mr. How, Sir Thom.Mompesson, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir

Wheeler, Six John Morton, Serj. Rigby, Sir Barnaby,

Mr. Maynard, Lord Fitz-harding, Mr. Bankes, Mr.

Sacheverell, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Mr. Powle, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Edward Baynton, Sir Hickman, Mr.

Stockdale, Sir John Otway, Sir Nic. Carezv, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Phill. Warwick, Mr. Whitacre, Sir John Sir

Scroope How, Mr. Spry, Mr. Russell, Colonel Sir Wm. Lmcther, Lord Hawley, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Weld,

Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Lord Digby, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Edward Deeritig, Sir Phill. Harwer, Sir Lee, Mr. Pleydall, Sir Robert Berkley, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Colonel Byrch, Mr. Palmes, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Lewis, Sir Richard How, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Aprin, Sir Fran.

Sir Fran. Russell, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Sit John Pettus,

Sir John Cotton, Mr. Daniell: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are to take care to make the said Bill to extend to the Kingdom of Ireland, and to his Majesty’s foreign Plantations; and also to insert in the said Bill such Persons as for the future shall be Apostates, and return to the Church of Rome from the Church of England.

A Bill for the better Preservation of the Liberty of the Liberty of Subject, was read the Second time. the Subject.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Mr.

Sacheverell, Lord Cavendish, Serj. Rigby, Sir Henry Ford,

Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Hew, Sir John Knight, Sir Roger Brad shine, Mr. Ash, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Waller, Air.

Chetwin, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Hickman, Mr.

Hungerford, Sir John Downy, Sir Robert Dillington, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Serj. Maynard, Dr.

Arris, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Nic.

Carctc, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hyde, Sir J Holland, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir John Robinson, Mr. ThySir John Otway, Sir John Berkenhead, Colonel Byrch, Sir Richard goldsby, Mr. Moanson, Sir Rich. Haw, Mr. Dexoreux, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Peirpoint, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Barnaby, Mr. Pepys, Mr. Palmes, Sir Fran. Roll, Mr.

Thynne, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Proviso being tendered to be added to the Bill, for the Two Universities of this Kingdom; and twice read;

Resolved, See. That the said Proviso be committed, with the Bill.

A Motion being made, to send up a Message to the papists not Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill sent up by this to sit in House on the Eighth Day of this instant November, Parliament, intituled, An Act for hindering Popish Recusants to sit in either House of Parliament;

Ordered, That it be Part of the First Message that is sent up to the Lords by this House, to put them in mind

of

-by

27 CaH. II.

150 — 16* Novembrir.

Call of th% House.

of the Bill, sent up to them by this House, intituled, An Act for hindering Popish Recusants to sit in either House of Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That the House be called over on

John Pettus, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Jbhn Knight, Sir -Edward Deering, Mr. Alan, Mr. Mr. Wright,

Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Lynfeild, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Wil-

hams, Sir Samuell Barnardiston, Sir Edward Masters, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Boscowen, Sir J Holland, Mr. Childe,

Sir Mr. si,

Business; and that, as to such as shall be Defaulters, whose Excuses shall not be allowed, the like Letters be sent, to compel their Attendance, as was sent the last Session.

Privilege — The House then resumed the adjourned Debate of the dwtwivSher ^atter concerning the Appeal, brought in the House of l«y v. Fagg.* Lords by Thomas Sherley Esquire, against Sir Fagg, a Member of this House.

Resolved, &c. That the Prosecuting of an Appeal, by Tho. Sherley Esquire, in the House of Lords, against Sir John Fagg, a Member of this House, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Fagg do not proceed to make any Defence in this Cause.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of the Matter concerning the Appeal, brought by Thomas Sherley Esquire, in the House of Lords, against Sir John Fagg, a Member of this House, be adjourned till Tomorrow Ten of the Clock.

State of th* Nation.

Morning,

Resolved, That this House will on Wednesday next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the State and Condition of the Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

1675.

David’s,

hat.

Merchant’s

Estate.

Lindsey

LeveL

Kellshall

Charities.

Martis, 16* die Novonbris Pbateks.

A BILL for Naturalization of Jacob David and others, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Wright, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr.

Bennett, Mr. Hall, Sir Tho.Lee, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Coriton, Mr. Love, Lord Ashley, Mr. Williams, Mr. Tre-gonwell, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir E Windham, Windham, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Westphaling, Sir bert Talbot, Sir Wm. Killigrcw, Mr. Sir Adam

Browne, Sir Edward Deering, Sir John Pettus, Afr.

Crouch, Sir Phil. JVancick, Mr. Hobby, Mr. May, Sir John Barnaby, Lord Fitzhardin Air. Sir John

Covert, Sir John7'revor, Sir John Air.

Spry: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, at Two of the Clock: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Payment of the Debts, and Settling the Estate, of Henry Merchant, a Lunatick, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Air. Wright, Sir Will. Kil/cgrac, Sir Sir

Mallet, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Robert Bernham, Sir

Jennings, Sir John Knight, Sir

Air. Morris, - Air. Bennett, Lord Ashley, Mr. Wood, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Coriton, Sir Edward Deering, Mr.

Culliford, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Hobby, Sir Wm. Blackett,

Air. Westphaling, Sir John TSir John Covert, Mr. Linfeild, Mr. Pierpoint, and all that serve for the several Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and And they are

to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Courts of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, See. That the Bill for Draining Lindsey Level, "be read on Saturday next, after Ten of the Clock.

A Bill for settling a charitable Use for the Benefit of the Town of Kellshall in the County of was read

the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Vox.. IX.

John Coriton, Sir John Barnaby, and all that serve for the several Counties of Suffolke and Norfolke: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, being J"solvent called upon to be read; Debtor*.

The Question being put. Whether the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes go out.

} -

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, Whether the Bill to preserve Preservation tire Fishing in several Ilivers, be now read; of Fishing,

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Trustees to raise Aloney Davis’Debt*, towards Payment of the Debts of Davis Gentleman, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Scc. That this Bill dp pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Vesting Lands of Davis

Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Sir John Knight do carry up the Bill L°rt*s re* to the Lords for their Concurrence: And that he do, at of

the same time, put their Lordships in mind of the Bill, sent up by this House to the Lords, intituled, An Act for hindering Popish Recusants to sit in either House of Parliament, according to the Order Yesterday.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, was read Insolvent the Second time. Dnbtbrn

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir John Berketihead, Sir Thom. C/ergis, Mr. Powle, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Adam Sir William Coventry, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Ford,

Sir Nico. Carew, Mr. Waller, Sir John Norton, Sir John

Coriton, Sir John Mallet t, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Cha. Har-

bord, Sir John 'Trevor, Sir Eduard Deering, Sir Lane.

Lake, Sir EliabHarvey, Mr. Williams, Sir

Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Glascock, Sir John Knight, Sir Baynam Throgmorton, Lord Ancram, Mr. Spry, Sir worth, Sir Richard Temple, Colonel Grey, Sir Thom.

Mompesson, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. King, Air.

Colonel Byrch, Mr. Alaynard, Sir Hen. Seymour, Sir Phil.Musgrave, Colonel Titus, Mr. Cheyney, Captain Dyott, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Phil.Warwick, Colonel Strode,

Sir Edm. Bowyer, Mr. Progers, Sir Robinson, Sir

John Heath, Mr. Onslow, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Wm. Ttrringham, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir John Burlace, Sir Fran. Russel, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Bennett, Col. Phillips,

Colonel Norton, Sir Franc. Drake, Col. Sands, Mr. Gar-raxvay. Air. Butler, and all that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Counties of Middlesex,

Surrey, and Kent: And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to preserve the Fishing in several Preservation Rivers of this Kingdom, was read the Third time. of Fishing.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Preservation of the Fishing in several Rivers of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Street do carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

5 C The

37?

16° — 17° Novembris,

privilege — Members not to be Sheriffs.

The House being informed, that Sir Edmund Jennings, a Member of this House, is made High Sheriff of the County of Yorke;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

The Question being propounded, That it is a Breach of the Privilege of this House for any Member thereof to be made a Sheriff during the Continuance of the Parliament;

A Motion being made, That these Words, " without his Will and Consent," be Part of the Question;

The Question being put, That these Words, " without his Will and Consent," be Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That it is a Breach of the Prvilege of this House, for any Member thereof to be made a Sheriff during the Continuance of the Parliament;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth.

A. i

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr; Eyres, Mr Culliford, Sir Walter St Sir Lake,

Mr. Crowch, Lord Ashley, Sir Sir Eduard

Masters, Mr. Streete, Sir Tho. Estcourt, Sir Talbot, Sir Edm. Jenning, Mr. Swanton, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Lewis,

Sir John Berkenhead, Sir John Mr.

Sir John Knight, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir John Hanmer, Sir JVm. Wentworth,

Mr Harbord, Sir Anth.Irby, Mr Sir John Pettus, and all that serve for the County of Wilts, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tellers

Tellers,

1

for the Yeas, 157. for the Noes, 101.

\Lord Ashley,

[Mr. Grimston,

[Sir Courtney Poole,

[Sir Tho. Allen,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative Resolved, &c. That it is a Breach of the Privilege of this House, for any Member thereof to be made a Sheriff during the Continuance of the Parliament.

Resolved, 8cc. That a Committee be appointed to consider of a proper Way of superseding the Commission for making Sir Edmund Jennings, a Member of this House, High Sheriff for the County of Yorke.

And it is referred to Sir Henry Capell, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr . Sacheverell, Sir Cha.Wheeler, Mr. Waller, Sir

Coven trey. Col. Byrch, Mr. Poale, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Williams, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Deering, or any

Three of them, to consider thereof; and report their Opinions therein to the House.

Privilege — Resolved, &c. That this House will Tomorrow Morn-

Lorde Juris- at of the Clock, proceed in the Consideration dicpon; Shir- JP i____Kr

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereto belonging, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divide;

The Yeas go out.

Tellers.

/Mr. Morris, ’ [Mr. Man,

Tellers.

!>{l

T

for the Yeas, 106.

for the Noes, 70.

in

Sir John Covert,

Mr. May,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time, a full House.

Resolved, See. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Fees of Courts ot Justice, and the Number of Attornies, Bailiffs, and other Officers, of inferior Courts.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Lowe and

O . 7 me

Sir Samuell Clarke;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded, from the Lords, to acquaint you, That the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a general Settlement of the Lord Maynard"s Estate, upon the Marriage of his Son: And have agreed to the Bill for the

ley r» Fogg. of the Matter concerning the Appeal brought by Thomas better enabling Mary Countess Dowager of to

01 _ i 1 > _ _ ._^ — _ JL1_ _ T__ — A. im I A. inf W 1 / i’l — 1 11: I I yJ I 4* jm Wi % 4- y\T A H AA AO C* £)/*

Shirley Esquire, in the House of Lords, against Sir John Fagg, a Member of this House.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That Sir John Duncombe, Sir Robert Howard, Customs and and Sir George Dawning, be added to the Committee to Shipbuilding.

perform the last Will and Testament of her deceased Husband Charles late Earl of Warwick; without any Alteration.

Mr. Williams reports from the Committee, to whom

whom it is referred to bring in the Bills for appropriating the Bill for enabling the Rebuilding the Tow n of Northern Customs to the Use of the Navy; and for raising the and for erecting a Judicature for Determination

Supply for the Providing, Equipping, and Furnishing, of Differences which may arise by reason of the late Fire the Twenty Ships united and annexed, according to the * 1 1 1 ‘ -~~1 L"

several Votes of this House.

Commutes!. Ordered, That all Committees, which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Tommorrow' in the Afterin the Places formerly appointed.

there, was referred, several Amendments agreed by the said Committee to be made to the Bill, and Two Provisoes to be added to it: Which he read in his Place;

in at the Clerk's read; and, upon

Berkly«’»

Estate,

Caudle!.

noon.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to the Committee to whom Mr. Berklye's Bill stands committed; viz. Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir John Carey, Colonel Byrch, Mr Price, Mr. Cornerwall, Sir Sir Wm.Bucknall, Sir John Mallett, Sir John Powell,

Sir Copleston Bamfeild, Mr. Daniell, Mr.

The Question being put, That Candles be brought in;

It passed in the Negative.

and afterwards, delivered the same Table: Where the same were twice the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with t|te Amendments and Provisoes agreed to,

be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for reviving and making perpetual the Act for preventing of frequent Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets, and for regulating of Printing and Printing Presses, be read a Second time on Friday next, after ten of the Clock.

Chitterne All Saints, <cc. Parish.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 170 die Novembris, 1675. Prayers.

ABIL L for uniting the Parishes of Chitterne All Saints and Chitterne St. Mary in the County of Wilts, was read the Second time.

Mr. Powle reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for Recalling such of his Majesty’s Subjects as are Soldiers in the Service of the French King, was referred, several Amendments agreed by the said Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same were again twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Th«

Westminster Court of Conscience.

FeesofConrts of Justice.

Bills sent from Lords.

Rebuilding

Northamp-

ton.

Regulating

Printing

Presses,

Forces in French Service.

Privilege-Lords Jurisdiction;8her« ley v. Fagg.

Call of the Houses

Foreign Manufactures.

Privilege — Petition from persons in custody.

a 7 Car. II. r j° — 18° Novembris.

The House then proceeded in the Debate of the Matter relating to the Appeal, brought in the House of Lords by Thomas Sherley Esquire, againstSir Fagg, a Member

of this House, according to the Order made Yesterday.

The Question being propounded, That there lies no Appeal to the Judicature of the Lords in Parliament from Courts of Equity;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

The House divide:

The Noes go out.

TeUers-{S?S.^a, } for u,eNocs- ’58-

JfoMheYe.,0,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That this House do now adjourn;

The House divide:

The Noes go out.

TpIWs JMr- Bennett,

ers, lMr Whittacre,

Tfllprc ISir Jo,m Cotton,

’ \Sir Fran. Bussell,

for the Yeas, 118. j> for the Noes, 108.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock.

Jervis, 18" die Novembris, 1675.

Prayers.

73 Ehecca Elizabeth Dolens and John Schoppens this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

And being called in; and kneeling at the Bar of the House; and- having a Reprimand given them by the Speaker;

Ordered, That the Petitioners, having submitted themselves to this House, be discharged of their Commitment, paying their Fees.

The House being informed, that the Order of this Delay in House of the Eighth of November instant, to desire the ^ord c,hie^ Lord Chief Justice of England to issue his Warrant for warrant, apprehending Mr. St. Germain, and his Confederates, did not come to his Lordship’s Hands till the Sixteenth of November instant;

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee to whom the Narrative and Matter relating to Monsieur de Luzancy is referred, to examine in whom the Default

was in not attending the Lord Chief Justice with the said Order before the said Sixteenth Day of November instant.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are discon- Committee*, tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

The Question being put, That this House do now Adjourn-adjourn; ment.

The House divide:

The Noes go out

rp u_fSir JVm. Portman, j r XT

Te"ers>iSir-John Cove, Urey, j ^'he Noe, 141.

Tellerj for the Yea*

And so it passed in the Negative.

81.

The House then, according to former Order, proceeded to call over the House.

Which was accordingly done: And several of the Members making Default in their Attendance, and being again called over; and some of them, upon the Second Call, having the Excuses made on their Behalf allowed by the House; but many others, for whom the Excuses offered were disallowed: And there being several others for whom no Excuses were allowed or offered.

Resolved, &c. That the Names of such Members, as are Defaulters in their Attendance of the Service of this House, be called over again on Wednesday next: And that the like Letters shall be then sent, as were sent last Session, touching such as shall be then Defaulters.

Resolved, &c. That the House be called over again on next Monday come Sevennight: And that Letters of the same Nature shall be sent against such as shall then be found Defaulters.

Resolved, &c. That no Member of this House do depart from the Service of this House without having first asked, and had, the Leave of the House, alter Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Lacon JVm. Child and Sir Miles Cooke;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded, by the House of Lords, to let you know, That they have passed a Bill intituled, An Act concerning foreign Manufactures: To which they desire the Concurrence of the House.

A Petition of Roger Norton, Meame, John

Wright, NevillSimons, and Randall now in Cus-

tody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, in entering into the House, and seizing, and carrying away, the Goods, of Colonel Robert Phillips, a Member of this House, whilst he was attending the Service of the House, being read; by which Petition they set forth, That they did not know that Colonel Robert Phillipps had any Concern in the said House or Goods; which if they had known, they would not have presumed to have done any thing to infringe the Privilege of this House, or any Member thereof; and humbly pray, they may be discharged:

Vol. IX.

The House then proceeded in the Debate of the Privilege-Matter concerning the Appeal, brought in the House of Lords by Thomas Sherley Esquire, against Sir John jey yTFagg. Fagg, a Member of this House.

A Motion being made, That the House would renew the Vote made last Session, that whosoever shall appear at the Bar of the House of Lords, to prosecute any Suit against any Member of this House, shall be deemed a < Breaker and Infringer of the Rights and Privileges of this House; or declare the same to be now in Force.

The Question being put, That Candles be now Candle*, brought in;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being propounded, That this House w ill declare the Vote of the last Session, that whosoever shall appear at the Bar of the Lords House, to prosecute any Suit against any Member of this House, shall be deemed a Breaker and Infringer of the Rights and Privileges of this House, to be now in Force;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being propounded, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, for avoiding the Occasions of reviving the Differences between the Two Houses in Matters of Appeal;

A Motion being made, That the Words, " brought by Dr. Sherley," may be added to the Question;

The Question being put, That these Words, " brought by Dr. Sherley," be made Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, That the Words " in Matters of Appeals," may be left out of the Question;

The Question being put, That the Words " in Matters of Appeals," do stand in the Question;

The House divide:

The Noes go forth.

*{ } for the Noes, 130.

And so it passed in the Negative.

j8o

r 8° — . i cj° Novemlris-,

A. 1675.:

Conference desired with Lords.

Resolved, ice. That* Conference be desired with the for avoiding the Occasions of reviving the Differences Lords, for avoiding the Occasions of reviving the Dif- between the Two Houses, a Paper of Reasons, agreed ferences between the Two Houses. by the said Committee to be reported to the House:

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Winch he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered

and draw up Reasons to be offered at the said Conference, the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was again And it is referred to Colonel Byrch, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as Sacheverell, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Hotham, Sir Wm. followeth; Coventrcy, Mr. SzeinJen, Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr. Williams, His Majesty having recommended to us, at the Open-Sir Phill. Musgrave, Mr. Serjeant Jones. Sir Tho. Meres, ing of this Session of Parliament, the Avoiding this Dif-Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Sawyer, Lord Cavendish, Sir Tho. ference, if possible; and, if it could not be prevented, Littleton, Mr. Secretary Coventrey, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir that we Should defer those Debates till we had brought

John Trevor, Sir Edward Bayuton, Sir Edm. Jennings, such publick Bills to Perfection, as may conduce to the Mr. Pawte, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw Good and Safety of Kingdom; the Commons esteem

up the said Reasons.

Veneris, 19# die Novembiis, 1675.

it a great Misfortune, that, contrary to that most excellent Advice, the Proceedings in the Appeal brought the last Sessions against Sir John Fagg, by Mr. Sherlcy, have been renewed, and a Day set for hearing the Cause: And*-therefore the Commons have judged it the best way, before they enter into the Argument for Defence of their

Defaulters to F) RDERED, That Sir Leoline Jenkins, Sir John

Call of the 'A Bramston, Mr. King, Sir Cha. Cotterell, Mr. Eyres, Rights in this Matter, to propose to your Lordships the House. and Mr. Weld, being Defaulters Yesterday in Calling over putting off the Proceedings in that Matter for some Short

the House, be struck out of the List of Defaulters. Time; that so they may, according to his Majesty’s Ad-

vice, give a Dispatch to some Bills now before them, of Lord May- -An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for great Importance to the King and Kingdom: Which nard’sEstate. rectifying a Mistake in a general Settlement of the Lord being finished, the Commons will be ready to give your . Maynard's Estate upon the [Marriage of his Son, was Lordships such Reasons against those Proceedings, and

Sutton and Meapoll

Manors.

read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Ely, Lords of the Manors of Sutton and Meapoll in the Isle of Ely and County of and the

Freehold and Copyhold Tenants of the said Manors; praying, That an Act might pass for Confirmation of a Decree made between the said Dean and Chapter, and the Tenants of the said Manors, w as read.

A Bill for the Confirmation of the said Decree, made in the High Court of Chancery, between the said Dean and Chapter of Ely, and the Tenants of the Manors of Sutton and Meapoll, being tendered and read;

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report of- the Bill to prevent the Abuses in collecting the Duty of Hearth Money, be heard on Monday next.

Augmenting Sir Edward Deering reports from the Committee, to email Vicar- whom the Bill for Augmentation of small Rectories and ages, &c. Vicarages, was referred, several Amendments agreed by the said Committee to be made to the Bill: \V hich he read in his Place; and afterwords, delivered the same in atj the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Hearth

Money.

Rebuilding

Northamp-

ton.

in Defence of their Rights, as w e hope may satisfy your Lordships, that no such Proceedings ought to have been.

Resolved, &c. That a Message be sent to the Lords, Conference to desire a Conference to preserve the good Correspon- desired with dence between the Two Houses. Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Coventrcy do go up to the-Lords with the said Message.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning Foreign Ma-foreign Manufactures, was read the First time. nufactures.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time on Tuesday next, after Ten of the Clock, in a full House. —

Sir William Coventrey reports from the Lords, That Conference he had attended their Lordships u ith the Message to de- with Lords* sire a Conference; and that their Lordships had agreed tQ a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, Sec. That the several Members to whom it

was referred to prepare and draw up Reasons to be offered at the said Conference, do attend and manage the said Conference.

Sir Wm. Coventrcy reports, from the Conference had with the Lords, That they had attended, and delivered . the Lords the Reasons agreed by this House.

— A Debate arising upon the said ingrossed Bill last read, Foreign Ma-concernino foreign Manufactures; and about the Encou- nufactures.

ragernent of the Wearing English Manufactures;

Resolved, &c. That an Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly to desire his Majesty to encourage the Wearing of English Manufactures, not only by his own Example, but by discountenancing the Wearing of foreign Manufactures by others.

Resolved, Szc. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and draw up the said Address to his Majesty: And it is referred to Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Lord Kill-murrey’s E» tale.

An ingrossed Bill for Rebuilding and Regulating the Town of Northampton, and for erecting a Judicature there, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better and more easy Rebuilding the Town of Northampton.

Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Pawle, Sir Wm. Co-

An ingrossed Bill for Payment of the Debts of Charles , Col. Byrch, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Wins, Sir

fete Lord Viscount Kdlmurrey; and for raising Portions Carew, or any Three ol them, to prepare and

~ Two of his draw up the same Address.

for ByronNedham and Charles,

younger Sons, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Kitmurrcy; and for raising Portions for Byron Nedham and Charles Two of his

younger Sons.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry up both the said Bills to the Lords for their Concurrence.

The House then, according to a former Order, re- Irish Cattle, solved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act to prohibit the Importation of Irish Cattle.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Privilege — Lords Jurisdiction; Sher-iey v, Fagg.

Whereas this House hath been informed of several Resolutions. Sir Wm. Coventrey reports from the Committee to Appeals depending in the House of Lords, from Courts against Ap-whom it wras referred to prepare and draw up Reasons to of Equity, to the great Violation of the Rights and be offered at the Conference to be desired Qf the Lords, Liberties of the Commons of v; it is this D ay courts of"* 15 Resolved, Equity-

27 Car. II. 19 — 20° . 381

Resolved and Declared; That whosoever: shall solicit, plead, or prosecute any Appeal against any Commoner of England, from any Court of Equity, before the House of Lords, shall be deemed and taken a Betrayer of the Rights and Liberties of the Commons of; and shall be

proceeded against accordingly.

Resolved, Sec. That Copies of this Resolution and Declaration be forthwith publickly affixed upon the Door of the Lobby of this House, and Westminster Hall Gate, and upon the Gates of the Two Serjeants Inns, and the Four Inns of Court, and the several Inns of Chancery; to the end all Persons concerned may take Notice thereof: And that the Serjeant at Arms now attending this House do cause the same to be so affixed accordingly.

Lord Cullen’* Ordered, That the Bill for Sale of the Lord Cullen's K»ute. Lands be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight a Clock.

Sabbatiy 20* die Novembris, 1675.

Prayers.

Jlridpnrt /\ RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his

Hot. \J Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Dorsett, in the room of Colonel Humphrey lately deceased.

h>'d An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for rectifying

a Mistake in a general Settlement of the Lord Maynard's Estate, upon the Marriage of his Son, was read the Second time.

Resolved\&c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Anthony Irby, Lord Ailing ton, Sir John Otzcay, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm.Windham, Sir Jennings, Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Neale, Sir Hum. Wynch, Sir Glib. Talbot, Sir Henry Ford, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Noell, Sir Tredenham,

Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Morris, Sir Sir Rob.

Carr, Colonel Phillips, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Price, Mr. Head, Henley, Mr. Crouch, Sir lipps, Mr. Hobby, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Adam Browne,

Sir Rowland Berkley, Sir WTcrringham, Sir John Hol-

land Mr. Westphaling, Lord Fitzharding, Sir John

left, Sir John Barnaby, and all that serve for the several

Counties of Essex and Suffolke: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Northern A Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine on the Northern

Bordei*. Borders, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Bradshaw, Sir John Otway, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Hen. Ford, Col. Kirkby, Sir Edm. Jennings, Mr. Mainard, Sir Graham, Mr Henley, SlrChr. Musgrave, S\v Edward Masters, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Sir

Sir John Mallet, Sir Phillip Harvard, Sir John Lowther,

Sir Phill.Musgrave, Mr. Vane, Col SirChr. Mus-

grerve. Sir Edward Morpeth, Lord Ogle, Sir Wm. Blackett, Col. Price, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Wright, Serjeant Rigby, Sin Fran. Anderson, Sir Wm. Francklin, Mr. Stockdrde, Colonel Tempest, and all that serve for the Counties of Yorke, Northumberland, Durham, Westmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in die Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord Culleu's a Bill to enable the Lord Cullen to sell Lands for Pay-ta,e' merit of Debts, and raising Portions, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time. Vox. IX.

Ordered, That the Bill for Repair of- Churches, and R*eo*eor, better Recovery of small Tithe#, be brought in, and read Ty&i*

on Monday next.

A Bill for making Commissioners to take Affidavits in Taking the Country, to be used in the Courts at Westminster, Affirm, was read.

A Bill for draining Lyndsey Level, was read the Se- Lyndaey Cond time. Lev«L

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Tredenham, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir Gilb. Tatbott,

Mr. Neale, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir John Hot ham. Sir Wm.

Wyndham, Sir Courtney Poole, Colonel Mr.

Sir John Hanmer, Sir 7 'ho.Aleeres, Sir Edward Deering,

Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Rob. Carr, Sir Tho. Clargis, Sir John Talbot, Lord Digby, Sir Edm. Wyndham, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Tho. Alompesson, Mr. Maynard, Sir Witt.

Hickman, Sir Phill. Harcourt, Sir John Sir

Anth. Irby, Col. Byrch, Sir Thom.Littleton, Mr.

Sir Moreton, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Williams, Sir Wm., Lcivis, Mr. Serj. Maynard, Mr. Vernon, Sir John

Covert, Mr. Evelyn, Sir l)en reyA Mr. Culli-ford. Sir John Hobart, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Scrooge How, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Wm. Hartopp, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Pcttus, Sir Tho. Allen, and all that serve for the several Counties of Lincolne, Yorke, and Huntington: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Matter concerning the Bill for draining Lyndsey Level be heard at the Bar of this House, on the First Wednesday after Christmas next.

Ordered, That Summons be delivered in Writing to the Ministers of the several Churches of the Parishes,

Towns, and Villages hereunder named; or, in their Absence, to be left at their Houses, to be by them published in their several Churches, after Divine Service, Ten Days or more before the First Wednesday after Christmas next and also to fix it at the several Church Doors: And That to be a sufficient Summons. And it is likewise That this Summons be also left with the High Constables of the several Hundreds or Wapentakes of Aveland, As-wardhurne, Kir ton, and Elloe; to give Notice, that this

House will proceed in the Hearing of tlxis Cause, at tho Bar of this House, upon the Bill now depending, on the First Wednesday after Christmas next, for settling the Draining of the Fens called Lyndsey Level in the County of Lincolne; whereof the Lords Owners and Commoners

within the said Level are to take Notice; and this Summons to be counted sufficient.

The Names of the Parishes, Towns and Villages to be summoned, are as followed); viz.

Great Hale South Kyme Spalding, and

Bourne Surflett Cowbitt

Aslackby Hackenby Rippingale

Swaton Sempringham Horblin Ewerby Little Hale Heckingtofi

Gosberton Swineshead

Morton Pinchbeck Briggend

Pointon Dunsby Howell

Helpringham Billinborough Quadring, Bicker Donington

A Bill for raising a Supply for the Building, and to- Supply Bill; wards the Guns, Rigging, and other Finishing of Twenty Shipbuilding. Ships of War; and for appropriating the Customs to the Use of the Navy, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second timfy on Wednesday next, after Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Bill* seat

ston and Sir John CoeU; from Lonh,

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have sent down to this House,

-a Bill, intituled, .* .*

to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And

.have commanded us to let you Jouow, ttot they hai»

5 D agreed

Davis*

Estate*

Privilege — Petition from a person in custody.

Privilege-

prosecuting

.Appeals

against

Members.

38a 20* — 2 2* Novembris. — 150 . A. 16 7

agreed to the Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of Alexander Davis Gentleman, deceased, without any Alteration.

A Petition of Adam Decardonnin Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, and Misdemeanor, in aspersing Sir Robert Holmes, a Member of this House, and reflecting upon the other Members of this House, being read; whereby he acknowledged! his Offence, and submits himself to the Pleasure of the House;

Resolved, &c. That the said Adam Decardonnell, having submitted himself to the Pavour of this House, be discharged of his Commitment, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Thomas Sher Esquire be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms now attending this House, for his Breach of Privilege, in prosecuting an Appeal in the House of Lords, against Sir John a Member of this House.

The House being informed, that Sir Nicholas ton did Yesterday serve Mr. Onslow, a Member of this House, in Westminster Hall, with an Order of the House of Lords, for hearing an Appeal brought there by the said Sir Nicholas Stoughton against the said Mr. Onslow, on the Day of November instant; and that he refused to retract the same, after he had Notice of the Resolution of this House, made Yesterday, about Appeals to the Lords from Courts of Equity;

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Stoughton be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms now attending this House, lor his Breach of Privilege, in prosecuting an Appeal in the House of Lords, against Mr. Onslow, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do not proceed to make any Defence in this Cause.

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections and Privi- Bribery at leges do, in the first Place, proceed upon the Paper com- ^ect, on». mitted to them, to prevent Bribery, and excessive Drinking, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and report the same on Monday Morning next.

A Bill to enable Plater to sell Lands for Payment Plater’* of Debts, tendered; and accepted. Esute.

A Bill for the better Repairing and Amending the Repairing

Highways, tendered; and accepted.

Highways.

ment.

The Question being put, That this House do now ad- Adjourn-journ;

The House divide.

The Noes go out.

TviWc fSir M- Hickman, tellers,| Mr m

Tellers fMr> Pr

1 ewers, ^[r Robcn

j. for the Noes, 123.

I for the Yeas, 138.

J.

And so it w as resolved in the Affirmative: And

Accordingly the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Linice, 22* die Novembris, 1

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Edward Message t» Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod; auemij.be

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately, in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, ’with the House, went par]iament lip to attend his Majesty; who was pleased to prorogue prorogued, this present Parliament till the Fifteenth Day of February, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand bix hundred Seventy-and-six.

Message to attend the King.

The King's Speech reported.

Jovis, lo die Februarii, 1676.

A MESS AGE from his Majesty, by Sir Edward Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House, to attend him immediately in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Lords.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, being returned;

Air. Speaker reports, That the Croud being great, and the Noise much, he could not w ell hear, nor w ould take upon him to report the King's Speech: And that, to prevent Mistakes, he had obtained a Copy of what was delivered by ills Majesty; which he read to the House; and is as follow eth:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I HAVE called you together again, after a long Prorogation, that you might have an Opportunity to repair the Misfortunes of the last Session; and to recover and restore the right End and Use of Parliaments.

The Time I have given you to recollect yourselves in, and to consider whither those Differences tend, which have been so unhappily managed and improved between you, is enough to leave you without all Excuse, if ever you fall into the like again.

I am now- resolved to let the World see, that it shall not be My Fault, if they be not made happy by your Consultations in Parliament: For I declare Myself very plainly to you, that I come prepared to give you all the Satisfaction and Security in the great Concerns of the Protestant Religion, as it is established in the Church of

that shall reasonably be asked, or can consist with Chris- tian Prudence. And I declare Myself as freely, that I am ready to gratify you in a further Securing of your Liberty and Property, if you can think you want it, by as many good Laws as you shall propose, and as can consist with the Safety of the Government; without which there will neither be Liberty nor Property left to any Man.

Having thus plainly told you w hat I am ready to do for you; I shall deal as plainly with you again, and tell you, what it is I do expect from you.

I do expect and require from you, That all Occasions of Difference between the Two Houses be carefully avoided; for else they who have no Hopes to prevent your good Resolutions, w ill hope, by this Reserve, to hinder them from taking any Effect. And let all Men judge who is most for arbitrary Government; they that foment such Differences as tend to dissolve all Parliaments; or L that would preserve this and all Parliaments from being made useless by such Dissentions.

In the next Place, I desire you to consider the Necessity of building more Ships; and how much all our Safeties are concerned in it. And, since the additional Revenue of Excise will shortly expire, you that know Me to be under a great Burthen of Debts, and how hard a Shift I am making to pay them off, as fastas I can, I hope w ill never deny Me the Continuance of this Revenue; and some reasonable Supply to make My Condition more easy.

And, that you may be satisfied, how impossible it is (whatever some Men think) to support the Government with less than the present Revenue, you may at any time see the yearly established Charge; by which it will appear, that, the constant and unavoidable Charge being paid, there will remain no Overplus towards tire Discharging

those

7»

r’i

duK

29 Car. n. 150 —

those Contingencies which may happen in all Kingdoms, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present and which have been a considerable Charge to Me this Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor in the last Year. _ County of Berks, in the room of Sir Richard Braham

To conclude, I do recommend to you the Peace of the Knight, deceased.

Kingdom, in the careful Prevention of all Differences; Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant the Safety of the Kingdom, in providing for some greater to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out a new Writ for Strength at Sea; and the Prosperity of the Kingdom, the Election of a Member to serve in this present Par-in assisting the necessary Charge and Support of the liament for the Borough of Port Pigham, alias Government. in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir

And, if any of these good Ends Should happen to be Vernon Baronet, deceased, disappointed, I call God and Men to Witness This Day, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant that the Misfortune of that Disappointment shall not lie to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out a new Writ for at my Door. the Election of a Member to serve in this present Par-

Thc rest I refer to the Chancellor. liament for the Borough of Plimpton in the County of

Devon, in the room of Sir William Strode Knight, de-

Regulating A Bill to regulate Elections of Members to serve in EUriian*. Parliament, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege — A Complaint being made by Sir John Holland, a Mem-

SbMhT ber of this House, that he had been traduced to his Ma-

l‘*eca* jesty by another Member of the House, for making a

scandalous and seditious Speech in the House the last Sessions; and thereupon moving for a Petition to be presented to his Majesty from the House, to assert a Freedom of Speech, and Liberty of Debate, in the House;

And Sir John Holland being demanded to give an Account to the House, by whom, and in what manner he had been so traduced; and who gave him Notice thereof; and he thereupon affirming, that he had his first Information from the late Lord Chief Baron, who did not name the Member by whom he was so aspersed; but had been since told, by a noble Lord, that the said late Lord Chief Baron did tell him, that Mr. the Cofferer,

was the Person that told the King, that he heard Sir John Holland make the same Speech that he did in One thousand Six hundred and Forty.

And Sir John Holland further affirming to the House, That Sir Francis Clarke, and another Member of the House, w hose Name he knew not, were present when he had the first Information from my Lord Chief Baron;

The House thereupon proceeding to the further Examination of the Matter;

And Mr. Ashburnhamstanding up in his Place, and giving an Account to the House that he w as not at all concerned in the Matter, nor did ever give any such Information to the King, as is charged upon him;

Anti Sir Francis Clarke also averring, that he did not remember, that he ever heard any thing of this Matter from the late Lord Chief Baron;

After the Debate thereof;

Resolved, &c. That it doth not appear to this House, that Mr. Ashburnham, his Majesty's Cofferer, hath failed in his Duty to this House, by traducing Sir John Holland to his Majesty, for having made any scandalous or seditious Speech in the House, against his Majesty, the last Session.

The King Resolved, &c. That this House will take his Majesty’s Speech u> be qraCi0us Speech into Consideration on Tuesday Morning

on.Hfc.td. £ext> at Ten of the ClQck

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1G° Februarii, 1

PllAVERS.

New Writs lo f\RD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his

beugkd. VS Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out a

new Writ for the Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Berks, in the room of Colonel Richard

Fcvill, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out a new Writ

Vo L. IX.

ceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ-for the Election of a Member to serve in this preseut Parliament for the Tow n and Borough of Okehampton in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Edu ard Wise Knight of the Bath, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ashburton in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir George SandKnight of the Bath, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ashburton in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir John Fowelt Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his M an-ant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bin the County of Devon, in tire room of Sir John Baronet,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his M’arrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plimouth in the County of Devon, in the room ol Sir William J Knight,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present 1 arliament for the Borough of Brin the County of Dorsett, in the room of John Strangwayes Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his WTarrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorset I,in the room of James Gold Esquire, deceased. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new- Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, alias in the County of Doi'sett, in the room of John Rennet Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Mb it for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden in the County of Essex, in the room of Sir John Tyrt'dl Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hertford in the County of Hertford, in the room of Edmund Fci/d Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to sit in this present Parliament' for the Borough of in the County of

Lancaster, in the room of Sir William Knight,

deceased.

Ordered,

3&f

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out h» Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, in the room of William Bank* Esquire, deceased*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leicester in the County of Lei caster, in the room of Sir John PrettymanEsic)al and Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to th^ Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Stamford in the County of colne, in the room of William Mountague Esquire, removed to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warranto to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in; the County of

Monmouth, in the room' of Sir George Probert Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant too the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of ip, the room of Henry Earl of Ogle, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northumberland, in the room of Sir William Baronet^ deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Berwick upon Tweed in the County of Northumberland, in the room of Edtvard Grey Esquire,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop, in the room of Sir Thomas Jones Knight, removed to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newton in the County of South- amp ton, in theroom of Sir Rob JAs/n/Barohet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Port in the County of

Somersett, in the room of Sir Francis Windam Knight,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk Of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir George Grubh Hotv Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County Of Carmarthen, in the room Of Sir Henry, Vaughan Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serVe In this present Parliament for the County of Radnor, in the room of Sir Richard Lloyd Knight, deceased.

Privilege — information was given to the House, that Sir Thomas Information Strickland, a Member of this House, had been convicted of a Member being a Popish Recusant; and vras thereby disabled to PaputT 8’t *n this House; And that the Record was dt the Door to evidence his Conviction.

A. rtf 76.

Resolved, &c. That the' Ifecord be brought into the House by the proper Officer in whose Custody it is, on Monday Morning next.

Information was given to the House, by Letter from Privilege-Sir Robert Holt, a Member of this House, that he was *Men‘ber detained Prisoner in the Fleet, at the Suit of Mr. Edmund

Prideaux; and thereby hindered from attending the Service of the House.

A Petition of Mr. Edmund Prideaux was also tendered; itnd read.

A Question being put, That the said Petition be read;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Petition was read; and the Matter debated, in part.

The Question being put, Thattha Debate of the Matter, touching the Detaining Sir Robert Holt in Prison* be' adjourned* till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

} - Tellera-{coib^i'S?’ } for * Noes>

And so it passed m the Negative.

Resolved,- &c. That the Matter of Sir Robert Holt'i Case, being taken in Execution, and detained Prisoner ht the Fleet, and thereby hindered from attending the Service of this House, be referred to a Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, IT die Februarii, 1676.

Praters.

THE Question being propounded, That the House Grand Com* do proceed to name their Grand Committees; mittee*.

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

The House ditide.

The Noes go out.

for - Ye"-

} for, he Noes>

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this House do proceed to name

their Grand Committees.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do

sit every Monday at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon,

in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Wednesday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges Committee of be appointed of these Members following; Sir Tho. Meeres, Privileges.

Sir Geo. Dooming, Sir Denny Ashburnham, Mr.

Sir Ed. Windham, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir,

Mr. Peter Prideaux, Sir Edward Harley, Mr Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir John Coventry, Mr Stockdale, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Otzcay,

Mr. Ashburnham, Sir CopplestonBampfeild, Sir Sir John Pettus, Lord Scudamore, Sir Ever&rd,

Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. WestphalmMr. Secretary Williamson, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Rickard Wiseman, Lord A (ling ton. Sir Fran.Rolls, Mr. Eyres, Sir John Knight, Sir Edward Masters, Sir JohnE Kil

legrew, Colonel Titus, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Sir John Bamaby , Sir Robert Thomas, Mr. Grey, Sir Robed Howard, Mr . BrmeWhorwood, Col. Gilby, Mr.

19 relb

16* — ff Feftuam.

29 Car. II. 170- — 19" — 20° Februarii.

385

StdCci listy,

Alberongh

LUcUoil

Regulating

KleeUons.

iiirmi

rell, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir John Sir Cha. Wheeler,

Mr. Gar away, Sir Phil. Warwick, Lord Sir

Geo. Reeves, Sir Tho. LittletonMr. Hopkins, Sir Hen. JPord, Mr. Williams, Mr. Leveson Goure, Sir Tho. ley, Mr. Spry, Humph. Hooke, Sir Phil. Harcourt, Sir Peg. Bradshaw, Lord Ancram, Mr. Wright, Mr. Jay, Sir

Stephen Fox, Sir John Berkenkead, Sir John Fagg, Sir Robert Hilling ton, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Sir

Nicho. Slatting, Mr, Waller, Sir Sir

Tredenham, Sir Thomas Lee, Col. Birch, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Suynfen, Mr. ReevesMr Sir

Hickman, Sir Richard Ford, Sir John Rolls, Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir John Hotliam, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Wm.

Hartopp, Alderman Zorc, SirSa/w. Barnardiston, Sir Robinson, Lord 1itzharding, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Allen Apsley, Sir Allen Broderick, Sir Geo. CourtopSir Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Phill. Musgrave, Mr. Boscowen, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Wm.Thompson, Mr. Jones, Mr. Ponvle, Lord Ashley, Sir John CoverSir Lord Hawley, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Mr. Thynne, Sir Tho. Bide, Mr. Chetwind:And all that come are to have

Voices: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to meet every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday: And do take into their Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the Housed from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the said Committee is to have Power to receive Petitions; and to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; And to make Report of any Matter which may concern Breach of Privilege, with their Opinions therein: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter which concerns himself is in Debate.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Bribery «t Election*.

Subject! in

French

Senice.

Luna, 19* die Februarii, 1676. Prayers.

A PETIT ION, in the Name of the Burgesses of the Borough of Alborough in the County of Yorke, was presented to the House, and read.

But the Member by whom the Petition was presented, being not of that County; nor having received the same from any of the said Burgesses; and none of them appearing to own the same Petition; the said Petition was withdrawn.

A Bill for regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, to take it into Consideration on this Day Sevennight.

A Clause was presented to the House, to prevent Bribery and excessive Drinking, at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and twice read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Clause be committed to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to take the same into Consideration at their first Meeting; and to report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

' A Bill for recalling his Majesty’s Subjects in the Service of the French King, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time, on Wednesday next . Vox. IX.

A Bill to prevent illegal Exaction of Money from the Ilfegal Subject was read. Exaction*.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time, on Thursday next

A Petition of Edward Howard and Bernard Howard Duke of Esquires, and of Alexander Mac Donnell, and the Lady Norfolk*. Elizabeth his Wife, the said Edw. and Bernard being Two of the younger Brothers, and the said Elizabeth being the Sister of the Right Noble Thomas Duke of Norfolke, at this present a Lunatick, confined to the City of Padua in Italy, being tendered;

And Mr. Bernard Howard being called in to the Bar of this House; and owning the said Petition; and that the same was subscribed by him, and other the Petitioners before-mentioned;

The said Petition was read.

Resolved, &c. That the same Petition be committed to ColonelByrch, Sir Tho.Meres, Mr. Russell, Mr Mr. Phil. Howard, Colonel Howard, Sir Tho. Clargis, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr. Crotvch, Sir Lt'by, Colonel

Titus, Mr. Spry, Mr. Finch, Sir John Barnaby, Lord Ancram, Sir Vere Vane, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Serjeant Seys, Sir John Trevor, Lord Angier, Sir Adam Brmme,

Mr. Dalmahoy, Mr. Powle, Sir Wm. Coventrey, Mr.

Garraway, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Berkenhead, Mr. Williams, Sir John Sir

Reeve, Sir James Smith, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr.

Mallett, Mr. King, Sir John Coventrey, Sir Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Glascock, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Williams, Lord Fitzharding, Sir John Nicholas, and all the

Gentlemen of this House that are of the Long Robe; to take the Matter of the said Petition into their Consideration; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Tho. Clargis, Sir Tho. Silts deped-Meres, Sir John Mallett, Colonel Byrch, Mr. Crouch, Mr. in8 ,lasl

Mallett, Mr. Williams, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr Se*810"*

Sir John Knight, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Serj. Rigby,

Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Job Charleton, Col. Titus, Sir Antho.

Irby, Mr. Powle, LordO Brian, Mr. Ayres, Sir John Trevor, or any Three of them, to peruse such publick Bills as were depending the last Session; and to consider which are of most Importance, to receive Dispatch; and to report and present them to the House; with Breviates to such Bills as shall be brought in: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Privilege — Charge aguinst a Member at being a Papist*

The Clerk in whose Custody the Record of the Conviction of Sir Thomas Strickland was, of being a Popish Recusant, being called into the House;

And the Record being read;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do, by his Letter, give Notice to Sir Thomas Strickland, of the Record being read in this House; and to appoint him a Day, to offer what he can, why a Writ Should notissue to elect a new Member to serve in his Place.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 20* die Februarii, 1676-Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Nortlwmp- Bill for laying a Charge on the Buildings in the tonMinbter*. Town of Northampton, for the better Maintenance of the Ministers there.

A Bill to prevent Symoniacal Contracts, was read. Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Simony.

Ordered, That Sir John Reresby, Mr. Glascock, Sir Duke of George Fletcher, Sir Geo. Courlhopp, be added to the Norfolk* Committee to which Mr. Howards Petition is referred.

5 E A Bill

fio,; — a i* — 42* Februarii. " A. 1676.

386

Liberty of A Bill for better preserving the Liberty of the Subject,

the Subject. was rea(J.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time, on Thursday Morning next.

Supply. The House then, according to their Order of the

Fifteenth Instant, did proceed to the Consideration of his Majesty’s gracious Speech: Which was again read.

Upon reading his Majesty’s Speech; a Motion being made for a Supply of his Majesty;

Resolved, Sec. That the House will, Tomorrow Morn-

ing at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the - whole House, to consider of the Matter of the Supply.

Grievances. Resolved, &c. That this House will on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Grievances.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercuni, 21° die 1676.

Resolved, &c. That this House will resolve itself into Supply, a Committee of the whole House, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 22* die Februarii, 1676.

ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms do take Footmen not care to keep the Stairs and Passage to the House s.Un<i 0Q free from Lacquies and Footmen: And that no Footman buirs> &c* or Lacquey do stand or remain idly upon the Stairs; wherein if any of them shall transgress, that then the Serjeant at Arms do take them into Custody; and give an Account thereof to the House: And the Officers belonging to the Knight Marshal are to assist him therein.

A Bill for enabling Sir Trevor Williams Baronet, and Wil'ism* his Four Sons, to make Jointures to their respective Jointure*. Wives, of Lands in Monmouthshire, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Lindsey

Level-

Berkeley’s

Estate.

JA cob David, Herman Olmius, John Weyman, Jasper

Vandcnbussche, David Debary, Francis ' and Fabian Horne, this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance arid Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their being naturalized.

Ordered, That a Bill for draining Lindsey Level be read on Monday Morning next.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for the Payment of the Debts of Thomas Berkeley Esquire, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Korthamp- A Bill, brought in by Leave of the House, for laying a tonMmisipr*. Charge on the Buildings in the Town of Northampton, for the better Maintenance of the Ministers there, was read.

Resolved, 8,c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Supply. The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the

Matter of the Supply.

Mr. Speaker leit the Chair.

A Dispute arising at the Committee of the whole House, who Should take the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Question being put, That Sir Richard Temple be in the Chair of the Committee;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tdlcre’{lfc Mamuf} for ,he Noes- ,04-

for t,e Yea^, ,27.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the w hole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Matter of the Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Temple took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richai'd Temjxle reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed a Vote to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and after-, wards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which being read, is as followeth;

Resolved,&c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Supply be given to his Majesty, for the Building of Ships, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that a Supply be given to his Majesty for the Building of Ships, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds.

Suppiening Ordered, That the Two Bills for suppressing Popery Topery. be read on Monday next*

A Petition of Sir Paid Ncilc Knight, was read. sir P. Neile’*

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be refereed to the Petition. Consideration of the Committee of Grievances.

Sir John Tremor reports from the Committee to whom Bills depend-it was refereed to peruse such Bills as were depending the ing last last Sessions and to report and present to the House such ^ession*

Bills, with Breviats to them, as they Should think most fit to be proceeded in, and dispatched; That they had perused and prepared some of those Bills which the Committee thought fit to be proceeded in: The Titles whereof he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which are as followeth; viz.

A Bill for Augmentation of small Vicarages.

A Bill to revive and perpetuate a late Act, intituled,

An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays.

A Bill for the better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fine8 mid Recoveries.

A Bill to impower Commissioners to take Affidavits in the Country.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in tear he, and the Parishes in Surrey and Middlesex, within the weekly Bills of Mortality.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for Westminster, and the Liberties thereof.

A Bill to prevent Exportation of Wool out of England and In land into foreign Parts.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt.

A further Additional Bill for the Repairing and Enlargement of Highways.

A Bill to prevent Imprisonment of the Subject in illegal and secret Prisons or Places beyond the Seas.

A Bill to prevent and suppress Pedlers, Hawkers and Petty Chapmen.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the said Committee, that the said Bills are fit to be proceeded in.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant F.astlo* to the Clerk of the Crown, to make-out a new Writ, for Writ, the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Easllo in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Walter LangJon Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Repair of the Repair of Churches and Chancels. Churches.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Coul Trade, the Ease of the Coal Trade.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Duties os ascertain the Duty on Ginger imported from the English Ginger, kt. Plantations, and on rough Diamonds, Jewels, and Cocoa, and on Garments.

A Bill

ap Cab.. II.

'2a® — 4 3 F

3 '*?

Subjects in

French

Service

!ik

14

List

i4

A Bill for recalling of his Majesty's Subjects in the Service of the French King was read the Second time.

Resolved,&c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Stockdale, Sir Rich.Temple, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Jot. Tredenham, Sir Geo. Dozening, Mr. Mallctt, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Mr. Mr. Sir

John Hanmer, Mr. Wood, Mr. Cheney, Colonel Sir

John Ernie, Sir Edward Bain ton. Sir Philip Warwick, Mr. Serj. Rigby, Mr. Maynard, Colonel Whitley, Sir Poole, Sir Edward Hungerford, Mr. Russell, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Devoreaux, Sir Colonel

Ingoldsby, Mr. May, Sir Edward Bainton, Sir Tho, Lee, Sir Tho. Clargis, Mr. Sache Sir John Moreton, Mr.

Pepys, Sir Eliah Haney, Colonel Straingewayes, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Cheney, Lord O Brian, Sir Wm. Coventrey, Mr. Secretary Coventrey, Mr. Williams, Sir Knight, Mr. Love, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Sir Gilbert

Gerard, Sir John Mallett, Col. Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Edward Deering, Sir John Cotton, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Rash ley, Sir Fran. Russell, Colonel Titus, Sir Fran. Winning ton, Mr. Phil. Howard, Lord Lord

Cavendish, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Weld, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Eyres, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

jBowle, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir Tho. Lord

Digby, Sir Chr. Alusgrave, Sir Wm. HickmanAnd all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Privilege-' A Motion being made, That the Matter of Sir Robert Pm!!!0 Holt's Case, which was, by an Order of the Sixteenth of February instant, referred to a Committee, Should be referred to' the Committee of Elections and Privileges.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of Sir Robert Holt's Case, being detained in Prison in the in Execution, and thereby hindered from attending the Service of this House, be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to take the same into their Consideration, the first Business this Afternoon; and to report the same, ‘with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to search Precedents in the Case.

Veneris, 23® die Februarn, 16t6«

jf[NNE Ravenscroft, John Kroger, Peter Vansittarl,

Peter Bousinie, Hugh Lente, and Timothy Motteux,

this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for Naturalization of Alice Rushout an Infant, Rushout’»

was read.

Nat.

Resolved, Scc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

a Member ia Prison.

Members not Ordered, That no Member of this House do depart

from the Service thereof, without Leave first asked and obtained from the House, after Tea of the Clock.

without

leave.

Qall of the Hduse.

Ordered, That the House be called over this Day

Sevennight.

lilt gal Exactions.

lire?

reliti

nr*

The Bill to prevent illegal Exaction of Money from the Subject was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir Downing, Sir Hen. Puckering, Mr. Sachet terett, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Secretary Coventrey, Serjeant Mr. Secre-

tary Williamson, Six John BerkeSir Phil. Mr. Garraway, Sir John Knight, Sir Sir

Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Sam. Rolls, Sir Hugh Bethell, Mr. Colonel Byrch,

Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir John Bamaby, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Love, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Mallett, Sir Wm. Coventrey, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Williams, Sir Nico. Pedley, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Otway, Lord Ancram, Mr. Wharton, Sir Tho. Dolcman Mr. Boscowen, Mr Sir Hen. Thompson, Sir ElSir

Sir John Trevor, Mr. Swe Sir John Mallett, Mr. Hopkins, and all the Gentlemen of this House that are of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Tw o of the in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

liberty of Ordered, That the Bill for the better Preservation of pi« Subject, the Liberty of the Subject, be read Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroif Morning, Eight of tfre Clocks

Vol. IX.

A Bill to prevent Symonlacal Contracts, was read the Simony.

Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Mrv Sawyer, Sir John Moreton, Sir John Knight, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Cha.

Harboard, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Crozvch, Mr.

Culliford, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Edward Hungerford, Sir Cha. Cotterell, Sir Copleston Bampfald, Mr. Pitt, Sir Nico. Slatting, Sir John,

Mr. Serj. Maynard, Mr. Weld, Sir A Sir Clargis, Mr. Williams, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Mallett,

Mr. Sacheverell, Lord Digby, Sir . Stringer, Sir Jeffrey Shackerley, Mr. Palmes, Sir Fran. Rolls, Sir Capell, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Job Charleton, Mr. Westfaling,

Mr. Serjeant Pedley, Sir John Hotham: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Augmentation of small Vicarages, was fead. Angmenttag

Resolved, Scc.That this Bill be read a Second time. Vicarage*.

A Bill for Naturalization of Jacob David and others, David's, See. was read. ‘ N’at.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to impower Commissioners to take Affidavits Taking in the Country, was read. Affidavits.

’ Resolved, 8cc. That tins Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Sir Trexvr Williams Baronet, and his Williams* Four Sons to make Jointures of Lands in Jointures.

Shire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Williams, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Eyres, Sir Moreton, Mr.

Serj. Maynard, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Richard Everard,

Sir John Knight, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho.

Allen, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Morgan, Sir Sir John Trevor, Sir John Hotham, Sir Throg-

morton, Sir Fulke Lucy, Sir Tho. Estcourt, Sir Wm.

Wentworth, Sir John Bamaby, Dr. Arris, Mr. Mallett, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Mr. Gwynne, Sir Kingsmill Lucy, Sir Wm. Coventrey, Sir Edw ard Mansell, Sir Edward Deering, Lord O Brian, Sir Richard Grahmc, Sir John Austin,

Mr. Wright, Mr. Goure, Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir Hen,

Thompson, Sir Vere Fane, Sir John Mr. Boscowen,

and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties and Boroughs of Wales’, and for Herefordshire, Gloucestershire, and Worcestershire: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for.

Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Rigby have the Leave of I eave of this House to go out of Town, having asked the same after Absence Ten of the Clock, according to the Order made Y esterday.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Hearth Tho. Clargis, Sir John Knight, Sir Geo. Downing, Lord Money.

O Brian, Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Hen. PuckeringMr

Mr. Crozvch, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Ford, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir John Trevor, Sir Tho. or any Three

of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill to regulate the Abuses in collecting the Duty of Hearth Money.

A Bill for sowing Hemp and Flax, was read. Hemp and

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time. Hax sowing.

A Bill

Februarii.

Northamp. A Bill for laying a Charge on the Buildings in ton Minis ter*, amp ton, for the better Maintenance of the Ministers there, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Lord Q Brian, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Williams, Sir A nth. Irby, Mr. Hoptcins, Mr. Sir

John Malletl, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Sir John

Barnaby, Sir Edm. Jenn Air. Morriee, Mr. West-

phaling, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Lord Digby, Sir John Elwayes, Sir Han.Goodrich, Col. Sandys, Mr. Stuart, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Knight, Mr. Palmes, Sir Robert Dillington, Mr. Mount ague, Sir Clarke, Mr. Bos-cowen, Sir Thom. Carcze, Mr. Spry, Sir John Sir

John Moreton, Proby, Mr. Russell, Sir and all the Alembers of this House which serve for the several Counties of Northampton, Leicester, Bedford, Lincolne and Wancick; and for the several Cities and Boroughs within the same Counties: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Privilege. Information being given to the House, that Thomas Lund, the menial Servant of Sir Lewis Palmer, a Alember of this House, was arrested, and detained Prisoner in the Poultry Compter, London;

And Sir Lewis Palmer standing up in his Place; and affirming, that the said Thomas Lund was his menial Servant;

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Keeper of the Poultry Compter, for the Discharge of the said 'Thomas Lund the menial Servant of Sir Lewis Palmer, a Alember of this House.

Grievances. The House then, according to the Order of the Twentieth of this instant February, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Grievances.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

A Dispute arising at the Committee of the whole House, who Should take the Chair of the Committee;

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, &c. That Air. Sawyer be in the Chair of the Committee of the whole House.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Sawyer took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.-----

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Edward Lmo and Sir Miles Cooke-,

Air. Speaker, The Lords have here sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Alistake in a general Settlement of the Lord s Estate, upon the

Marriage of his Son; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

----- The House then resolved again into a Committee

of the whole House, to consider of Grievances.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Sawyer took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Sazvyer reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed Two Votes to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read; and are as followeth;

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the extraordinary Power and Jurisdiction of the High Court of Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, in Alatters determinable at the Common Law, is grievous to the Subject.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, to appoint a Committee to bring in a Bill or Bills for redressing and regulating all extraordinary Power and Jurisdiction exercised by the High Court of Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, in Matters determinable at the Common Law.

And he humbly moved from the said Committee, That the House would resolve again into a Committee of the whole House, on Thursday Aloming next, to consider of Grievances, at Ten of the Clock.

The first of the said Two Votes or Resolves of the said Committee of the whole House being again read;

Lord

Maynard's

Estate.

Grievance*.

The Question being put, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Vote;

A Motion being made for an Amendment therein, by taking away the Word "of," next after the Word " Jurisdiction," and inserting the Words " exercised by," instead thereof; It was, upon the Question, agreed to be amended accordingly.

The Question being put, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Vote so amended;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the extraordinary Power and Jurisdiction, exercised by the High Court of Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, in Matters determinable at the Common Law, is grievous to the Subject.

The latter of the said votes being again also read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the said Committee of the whole House, That a Committee be appointed, to bring in a Bill or Bills for redressing and regulating all extraordinary Power and Jurisdiction exercised by the High Court of Chancery and other Courts of Equity, in Alatters determinable at the Common Law

And it is referred to Sir Francis Wilmington, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Williams,

Meres, Mr. Sacheverell, Col. Titus, Mr. Mr.

Mallett, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir John Otway, Mr. Westfaling, Air.

Air. Pawle, Mr. Eyres, Sir Jo Mallett, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Finch, and all the Gentlemen of this House of the Long Robe, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill or Bills accordingly.

Resolved, &c. That all Committees which were ap- Committee, pointed to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, on Monday next, to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Luna’, 26* die Februarii, 1676.

JANE Penrodok this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to her Naturalization.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment Berkeley’., of the Debts of Thomas Berkeley Esquire, was read the Estate--Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be committed to Sir John Barnaby, Sir Henry Ford, Mr. Serj. Maynard, Mr.

Crawch, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Williams, Sir Smith,

Air. Greenecille, Mr. Tregomcell, Sir Harbord, Sir

John Mallett, Mr. Boscozccn, Sir John Air.

Pozcle, Sir Tho.Bludzcorth, Sir Edw.Seymour, Sir Portman, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Josep Air. Walker, Sir Francis Clerke, Sir Tho. WAir. Mor-rice, Mr. Maynard, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Eyres, Sir

Williams, Sir James Smith, Sir John Knight, Mr. Pri-deaux, Sir Era. Windham, Air Mallett, Sir Coventrey,

Air. Sacheverell, Sir John Cary, Sir John /, Air.

Seymour, Sir Coppleston Bampfeild, Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir John Coriton, Mr Rashley, Sir Richard Everard,

Air. Price, Mr. Harris, Mr. Neale, Sir Edward Mansell,

Air. Linfeild, Mr. Gzvynne, Mr. Westphaling, Col. -lipps, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties and Boroughs of Devon and Cornwall:

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to examine the Value of the Estate, and the Reality of the Debts; and for what, and when they were contracted; and whether such as are concerned in Interest, are consenting: And to report the same to the House: And they are , impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of Mr. Henry Savile, elected to serve as Newark* Burgess for the Borough of Newarke, in this present Election. Parliament,

And

i9 Car. II. a6° — 37° Februarii. 389

And a Question arising upon the Right of the said Town to chuse Burgesses to serve in Parliament;

The Question being put, That the Consideration of this Petition be referred to a Committee;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.,

Tellers ^e Yeas, 98.

TeUers,[^rr ^Cww^ j For the Noes, 147.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved', &c. That the Case of Mr. Servile, upon the said Petition, be heard at the Bar of this House, on , Friday next come Fortnight: And that Notice thereof be given by the Petitioner to the Town of e;

that they may come in, and be heard.

Resolved, Sec. That the Case of Sir Paul Neile, upon his Petition, being elected to serve as Burgess for the Borough of Newarke, which was referred to the Committee of Grievances, be heard at the Bar of this House, on Friday next come Fortnight: And that Notice thereof be given by the Petitioner to the Town of Newarke; that they may come in, and be heard.

made against him: And that it is expected from the House, that he do expedite the said Election.

A Bill for Naturalization of Alice Rushout an Infant, Rushout’s was read the Second time. Nat*

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be ingrossed.

Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in, to revive and Fxporting continue an Act for Exportation of Leather. Leather.

Resolved, &c. That a Clause be annexed to it, That Manufactures of Leather may be exported without paying any Duty.

The said Bill, To revive and continue an Act for Exportation of Leather, with the said Clause annexed to it, was accordingly brought in; and read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Augmentation of small Rectories and Augmenting Vicarages, was read a Second time. Vicarages,

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to the same &c' Committee to whom the Bill concerning Simoniacal Contracts stands referred; to meet at the same Time and place to which it stands adjourned.

Privilege. A Complaint being made on Friday last to the House, of a Breach of Privilege, in detaining in Prison Thomas Lund, a menial Servant of Sir Palmers, a Member of this House; it was Ordered, That Mr. Speaker Should issue out his Warrant to the Keeper of the Prison of the Poultry Compter, to discharge the said Thomas Lund.

And the Keeper attending at the Door with the Prisoner; and being ready to yield Obedience to t! e Order;

But it appearing to the House, That the said Thomas Lund was a Prisoner, before he was entertained as a Servant by Sir Lewis Palmer; and that he had, by Fraud and Circumvention, procured himself to be entertained in the Service of the said Sir Lewis Palmer;

And Sir Lewis Palmer standing up in his Place, and discharging the said Thomas Lund from his Service; The House thought fit to recall their Order for discharging of the said Thomas Lund; and adjudged, That he ought not to have the Protection and Privilege of this House.

Lmdsey Ordered, That the Bill for draining Lindsey Level,

Level. which was ordered to be read this Day, be read on Friday Morning next, the first Business.

w.L.Goure’s a Petition of Mr. JVMiam Leveson Goure, was read.

Petition. Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: Who are to consider thereof; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Alborough A Petition of the Burghers of the Borough of Alborough,

Election. in the County of Yorke, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the same; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Preventing a Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, was read, opery. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time on

Friday next.

A Bill for making void the Bonds taken by Patrons Bonds taken

from the Clerks, upon presenting them, was read.

The Question being put, That this Bill be read Second time;

The House divided. The Yeas go out.

Tellers fCo\.Phillips, 1 ’[Mr. Clarke,

Tellers/S!r Ford'

’ [Sir John Cotton,

For the Noes, 147. And so it passed in the Negative.

1

For the Yeas, 62.

!»V Patrons ou Presentations.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Temple took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Temple reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had spent some Time in the Debate: And desired the Direction of the House, how they Should proceed in the Business of his Majesty’s Supply.

The Question being put, That Direction be given to the Committee of the whole House, That they do, in the first Place, proceed to consider the Manner of raising the Supply to his Majesty, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, for the Building of Ships;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers'{Mr.'Si } Yc". > *3-

-.{!} For the Now, 163.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That Direction be given to the Committee of the whole House, That they do, in the first Place, proceed to consider the Manner of raising the Supply to his Majesty, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, for the Building of Ships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 27° die , 1676.

Delay of* A COMPLAINT being made, that the Sheriff’ of writ, Tl the County of Lincolne does delay the issuing out his Precept for the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town of Stamford;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do give Notice to the Sheriff' of the said County of Lincolne, of the Complaint

Ordered, That all Committees which w’ere appointed Committee*, to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned till Thursday next in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock; to sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Friday next, Supply, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Manner of raising of the Supply to Lis Majesty, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, for the Building of Ships.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

5 F

Cliderow Elec lion*

Lord Maynard's Estate.

Smiths

Estate.

Repair of Churches:

Fines and Recoveries.

Poor Laws.

Exporting

Leather.

Ditto.

Fire in Southwarke.

Hemp and Flax Sowing,

MaM.

A. i6j6.

Jovis, 1° die M 1676.

A PETITION of Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet, was read, complaining of aw undue fteiufn of Sir Thotnas Stringer, to serve for the Borough of Clidermo in the County of Lancaster, in Injury of the Petitioner; who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter of th£ Petition; and to report the State of the Case, with their Opinions, to the House.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, for rectifying a Mistake, in a general Settlement of the Lord Maynard's Estate, upon the Marriage of his Son, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Sir JVm.Cavenlrey, Mr. Garawdy, Sir Richard Fokd, Sir John Knight, Sir Hen. Thompson, Sit Geo. Mr.

Jolliffe, Sir 37 to.Clargis, Mr. PapilUn, Sir Sir John Berkenhead, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Sir

John Morelon, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Hickman,

Col. Kirby, Sir John Ernie, Sir John Hobart, Sir John Hoiham, Sir Tho. MereS, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Williams,

Sir John Trevor, Mr. Childe: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That this House will resolve into a Grievance*. Committee of the whole House, on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to consider of Grievances.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, Committee*, of the Debts of Sir Thomas Smith Baronet, was read. be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Two of the

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time. Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

A Bill for the better repair of Churches and Chapels, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Monday Morning next be appointed to take into Consideration the extraordinary Charge and Inconvenience to the Nation, for want of setting to work and well ordering the Poor; and to inspect and consider the Laws now in Force, concerning the Poor.

A Bill for reviving and continuing an Act for Exportation of Leather, w as read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc.That this Bill be committed to Sir John

Knight, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Sir Lake, Mr. Eyres, Sir John Otrvay, Colonel Birch, Mr Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir Tho. Sir Walter St.

John, Mr. Williams, Sir WLordlier, Sir Robert Barneham, Sir Richard Everard, Mr. Sir

Masters, Sir Wm.Thompson, Mr. Garway, Sir

Wi arwick.Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Lewis Palmer, Lord Ashley, Lord Digby, Lord An Sir Sir

Tho. Mompesson, Mr. H ood, Sir Richard Wiseman, Sir

Cha. Ilarbord, Mr. Onslow, Lord O'Brian, Sir Ford,

Sir John Trevor, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Love, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Bramston, Sir John

Howlman: And all that shall come are to have Voices: And they are to meet, in the Speaker’s Chamber, Tomorrow at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon: And are impow ered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Shoemakers, and several other Manufacturers of Leather, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the same Committee to which the Bill for reviving and continuing an Act for Exportation of Leather, stands committed; to take the Petition into Consideration; and report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for adjusting and settling Differences between Landlords and Tenants, touching Houses lately burnt and destroyed by the Fire in Southwarke;and which are or shall be rebuilt.

A Bill to encourage the Planting and Sowing of Flax and Hemp, was read the Second time.

Resolved, \&c. That this Bill be committed to Colonel Byrch, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Sum fen, Sir John Coventrey, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Sir Wm. Thompson, Mr. Powle, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Pepys, Mr. W eld, Mr. Neale, Mr. Secretary Coventrey, Colonel Sandys, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Progers, Mr. Eyres, Serjeant Rigby, Lord Digby, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Sacheverell, 24

Information being given of a Mis-entry made in the Mis-entrym Journal of this House, in the Year 1672, in Prejudice of feuded10 the Privilege of this House; and of an Omission of an Entry in the Journal, this Session, of the House agreeing with the Committee in the Vote concerning Grievances;

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Wm. Hickman, ’Sir.Garraway, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Lord Ancram, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho.

Meres, Col. Byrch, Sir John Berkenhead, Sir

Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Eliah Harvey,

Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Williams, or any Three of them, to inspect the Journals of this House, of the Year 1672; and to examine the Matter touching the Entry therein; and report it, with their Opinion, to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, Committee or any Three of them, to inspect the Journal of the for Journal*. House this Sessions; and if they find any Mistakes or Omissions, to see that the same be rectified; and report the Matter to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Martii, 1676.

TO LIN Dumcsnil, Abraham Peter Mohr-

man, Cornelius van Aldenwenelt, Abram de Porto, and William Vega, this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk's Table, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for settling of the Draining of the Fens called Lindsey Lindsey Level, was read. Level.

Resolved, Scc. That this Bill be read a Second time, on Tuesday next, after Jen of the Clock in the Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Beversham Delays in and Sir Eduard /.owe; Suits*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to revive and perpetuate a former Act, intituled, An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply. House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Manner of raising of the Supply to his Majesty, not exceeding.

Six hundred thousand Pounds, for the Building of Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Temple took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Temple reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed Two Votes or Resolves to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were again read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved,

Committees.

Williams’

Jointures.

David’s, See. Nau

Repairs of Churches.

2$ Car. II. 2° — 3

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the

Committee, That the whole Supply, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, to be given to his Majesty, for the Building, and for the Guns, Rigging, and Furnishing of Thirty Ships of the First, Second, and Third Rates, shall be raised by a Land Tax. and monthly Assessment.

Resolved, 8cc.That the said Supply, not exceeding Six

hundred thousand Pounds, be raised in Seventeen Months, according to the Rules and Proportions of the Royal Aid.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 3* die 1676.

A/f It. Eyres reports from the Committee to whom X the Bill to enable Sir Trevor Williams Baronet, and his Four Sons, to make Jointures of Lands in Monmouthshire, was referred, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and the Settlements mentioned therein; and found the same to be as they arc therein recited; and had also examined the Consent of the Parties concerned therein: And that the Committee saw no Cause to make any Alteration in the said Bill. Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for Naturalization of Jacob David and others, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Wynne, Sir John Barnaby, Mr. Foote, Mr. Sir

John Salisbury, Alderman Love, Mr. Child, Mr.

Sir Trevor Williams, Dr. Arras, Sir John Mr.

Boscowen, Mr. Robert If right.Col. IP'hi! Sir John

Trevor, Mr. tVesfphaling, Mr. Si

head. Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Edm. Jennings, Captain

Price, Mr. Alallett, Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr. Neale, Sir Wm.Howard, Mr. Roberts, Sir Wentworth, Sir Tho. Peyton, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Strange-wayes, Sir Nico. Sinning, Sir James Sir Wm.

Blackett, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Hen.

Ford, Lord Ancram, Sir Tho. Williams, Sir Walden,

Major Bro.r holme, Mv:Gwynne, CoPhilipps, Mr. Wi ight,

Sir John Pettus, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Richard

Everard, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Knight, Sir Bra/n-

ston, Mr. Morris, Sir John EiLord Ashley, Major Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for the Repairing of Churches and Chapels, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Scc. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Eduard Deering, Sir John Knight, Lord Ancram, Col.

Sandy s, Sir Joh n Brants ton, Mr. Eyres,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Tho. Sir Fran. Clarke,

Sir Hen.Ford, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Richard Everard,

Mr. Wynne, Mr Daniel, Sir Lewis Palmer, Sir John Talbott,

Sir Robert Holmes, Sir Geo. Courthop, Mr. Alallett, Sir Rowland Berkeley, Sir John Cary, Mr. Whittaker, Mr. Wright, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Crouch, Mr. r-

wayes, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Sir John

Eiwayes, Lord Blithely, Mr. Lewis, Sir John

Alallett, Colonel Rolls, Colonel Strode, Sir Tho. Alorn-pesson. Sir Nicho. Slaning: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Alonday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Clause was tendered, for Repair of Chancels; and twice read.

Resolved, &c. That this Clause be referred to the same Committee to which the Bill for repair of Churches and Chapels is committed: And it is referred to the same Committee, to take care for the Repair of Isles belonging to particular Families.

Vojl. IX.

Martii. 391

A Bill concerning the Lord Cullen was tendered; and Lord Cullen's received. Estate.

A Bill for making the River Darw navigable, was Darwynt tendered; and received. Navigation.

A Bill for better Preservation of the Liberty of the Liberty of Subject, was read the Second time. d»e Subject.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Clargis, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Crowch,

Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Williams, Col. Sandys, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Knight, Sir John Otway, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Rowland Berkely, Lord Ashley, Mr. Serjeant Seys, Sir John Mr. Eyres,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Secretary Coventrey, Sir John Hotham, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Wm.

Lowther, Mr. Sawyer, Sir John Barnaby, Mr. Eyres,

Colonel Birch, Sir John Eiwayes, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr.

Wright, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Edward Deering, Mr.

Boscowen, Lord Cavendish, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Penile,

Sir Hen. Goodrich, Lord O Brian, Mr. Stockdule, Sir Cyril JVych, Mr. Williams’, and all the Gentlemen of of this House that are of the Long Robe: And all that shall come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, See. That this House will, on Alonday Supply Bill; Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a building Committee of the whole House, further to consider of Heads for a Bill for raising the Supply to be given to hit/

Majesty, not excelling Six hundred thousand Pounds, for tire Building, and for the Guns, Rigging and Furnishing Thirty Ships, of the First, Second, and Third Rates.

Resolved, Scc. That a Bill be brought in for the In- Wages due demnifying the Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, froni to Member*, paying any Wages now due to any Members that serve in this Parliament: And that it be referred to the Master of the Rolls, Sir Fran. Winington, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Serjeant Charleton, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Tho. Mr,

Vaughan, Mr. Wright, Mr. Cheney, Lord Digby, Mr.

Sacheverell, Colonel Titus, Mr. Walk Colonel Byrch,

Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. Finch, Mr. Powle, Sir Tho. Let,

Mr. May, Mr. Swaifen, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Andrew Hackett Augmenting and Sir Edward Low; Vicarages,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to attend ^c‘ you with a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiastical Persons to small Vicarages and Curacies: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Petition of Sir William Aleux Baronet, was read; New Tows

A Second Petition of the Mayor and Inn Burgesses of Elect*on. New Town in the Isle of Wight, was read.

A Petition of Mr. Henry Fenshaw, was also read;

All which Petitions related to the Return of Sir John Holmes, to serve as a Member in this present Parliament, for the Borough of New Towne.

The Question being put, That the Consideration of these Petitions be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That this House will on Tuesday Morn- Grievance*, ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Grievances.

And then the House adjourned till Alonday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

39*

5° Mar Hi. A. 167

Luna, 5° d 1676. Prayers.

Earl of ' A BILL from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Manchester’s x\. Robert Earl of Manchester to sell Lands for Pay-5tate' ment of his Debts; and for settling other Lands of a greater Value, in lieu of those appointed to be sold; was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Lord Maynard’s Estate.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a general Settlement of my Lord Maynard's Estate upon the Marriage of his Son, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Trcdenham, LordDig fry, Sir LaLake, Mr Mr.

Mountague, Sir Cha. Ifneeler, Sir Edw

Allen, Mr. Marvell, Sir Edm. JennMajor

Sir Tho. Peyton, Lord Ancrain, Sir John Shaw, Sir John Bramston, Lord Ashley, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Grey, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Edm. Wyndham, Sir John Covert, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Maynard, Sir Richard Everard: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of tfre Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Rushout’s An ingrossed Bill for the Naturalization of Alice Nat. Rushout an Infant, Daughter of Sir James Rushout,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalization of Alice Rushout an Infant, Daughter of Sir James Rushout Baronet: And that the same be carried up to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Eliah Harvey do carry up the same Bill to the Lords.

Gage’s A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of

Estate. the Debts of Sachford Gage Esquire, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Taking A Bill to impower Commissioners to take Affidavits

Affidavits, in the Country, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Serjeant Charleton, Mr. May, Mr. Eyres, Lord Digby, Sir Hugh Owen, Mr. Williams, Sir John Hanmer, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Crawch, Dr. Arris, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Thomas Clcrgis, Sir Tho. Lee, Master of the Rolls, Sir Edm. Jennyngs, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Robinson, SirTho. Mompesson, Mr. Adam Browne, Mr.

Onslow, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Smith, Mr. Spry, Mr.

PapiUon, Sir Hen. Capcll, Sir John Trevor, Sir liichard Everard, Mr. Guy, Sir John Eagg, Mr. Sir Richard

Temple, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Hen. Puckering,

Masters, Mr Wright, SirAnth. Irby, Mr. Powle, Mr.

Dalmahoy, Mr. Jay, Sir John Sir Bowyer,

Mr. Boscoxcen, Sir Cha. Sir John Shaw, Sir

Edxeard Deering, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Finch, Sir John Pettus, and all the Gentlemen of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hearth A Bill for regulating the Abuses in collecting the Duty

Money. of Hearth Money, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Richard Temple took the Chair of the Committee.- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Temple reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed Four several Votes, as Heads for the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were again read.

And the Three First Votes, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and are as followeth:

Resolved, &c. That, of the Thirty Ships to be built, there shall be built One of the First Rate, not under One thousand Four hundred Tons; Nine of the Second Rate, each not under Eleven hundred Tons; Twenty of the Third Rate, each not under Nine hundred Tons.

Resolved, See. That the Commencement of the Supply, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, for the Building of Thirty Ships, shall be at Day next; and shall be payable Quarterly: The First Quarter to be paid at Midsummer next, to the Receivers General of the respective Counties.

Resolved, Sc. c. That the Thirty Ships shall be built in Two Years; to be accounted from Midsummer next.

The last of the said Votes being read the Second time;

A Motion being made, That these Words, " and that the Customs granted by an Act of Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage be appropriated to the use of the Navy, by a Clause in the said Bill," be added to the said Vote;

The Question being put, That these Words, " and that the Customs granted by an Act of Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage be appropriated to the Use of the Navy, by a Clause in the said Bill," be added to the said Vote;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

} Forth.Yeas,*.

Tellers*{skslFS, } For the Noes>1

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee of the whole House in the last of the said Votes;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Supply for building Ships shall be made payable into the receipt of the Exchequer; and be kept separate, distinct, and apart from all other Money whatsoever, and appropriated and applied for the Building, Guns, Rigging, and Furnishing of the Thirty Ships; and to no other Use: And that Penalties be inflicted upon the Officers of the Exchequer, Navy, and Ordnance, and all other Persons respectively, through whose Hands any Part of the said Supply shall pass, in case the said Supply, or any Part thereof, shall be otherwise diverted or misapplied: And that the Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements thereof shall be kept distinct from all other Accounts, by each Officer concerned therein; and also of each Ship respectively; and shall be transmitted to the Commons of England in Parliament.

Resolved, See. That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the several Votes of the said Committee, and agreed to by the House: And it is referred to Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Powle, Mr. Williams, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Sawyer, Mr.

Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Trevor, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill: And it is recomtnended to Mr. Solicitor General to take care of the said Bill.

Duke of Ordered, That the report concerning the Duke of Ordered, That all Committees which were appointed Committees.

Norfoifce. Norfolke be received on Wednesday next. to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

<yt’j

W6

IrT

It

\;1 ,

V

II k

hu:

M\

V,

k:

hs

lb:

fe

Supply Bill; The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

building House, further to consider of Heads for a Bill for raising Morning, Eight of the Clock.

lps# the Supply, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds,

to be given to his Majesty for the Building of Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

,1

Smith's

Estate.

LonIKilmur* re/s Estate.

Darwent

Navigation.

Privilege — a Member being a Papist disabled from sitting.

Westmorland

Writ-

Lindsey

Level.

Grievances.

29

Car. II.

6" — 70 Martii

393

Martis, sexto die , 1676.

<y OHN Westerbane, and Stephen this Day

J took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of Sir Thomas Smith Baronet, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Colonel Phelipps, Colonel San dps, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Eyres, Sir

Richard Everard, Mr. WilliaSir John Knight, Sir

Hum. Hooke, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Nico. Sir

Wm. Terringham, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Puckering,

Mr. Noice/l, Sir Thom. Chichely, Sir John Newton, Mr.

Serjeant Croke, Sir Thom. Williams, Sir John Robinson, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Covert, Sir Mr.

Ctmcch, Sir John Moreton, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Cofferer, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Robert Thomas, Major General Egerton, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Tregonwell, Captain Sherrard, Sir Levis' Palmer, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Harbor'd, Mr. Sandys, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Salop, and Somersett; and for the several Cities and Boroughs of the said Counties: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Kdmurrey, and for raising Portions for his

younger Sons, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making the River Dancent navigable, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That, according to their Command, he had sent his Letter to Sir Thomas Strickland, to inform him, That the Record of his Conviction of Recusancy had been read in the House; and that the House had given him Notice thereof tin t he might offer what he could, why a Writ Should not issue for electing a new Member to serve in his Place: And that Sir Thomas Strickland had returned an Answer thereto in Writing: Which Mr. Speaker produced; and read the same to the House *

Upon the Debate of which Matter;

Resolved, &c. That whereas it doth appear to this House, that Sir Thomas Strickland, a Member of this House, is convicted of Popish Recusancy, that he be from henceforth disabled from being any longer a Member of of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Win the room of the said Sir Thomas Strickland.

Ordered, That the Bill for draining Lindsey Level, be read on Thursday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

The House then resolved into a' Committee of the whole House, to consider of Grievances.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sawyer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sawyer reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed a Vote or Resolve to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: W’here the same was again read; and, upon the

Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed, to prepare an Address to represent to his Majesty the Danger

Vol. IX.

of the Power of France; and to desire his Majesty, by such Alliances asJiis Majesty shall think fit, tosecuiehis Kingdoms, and quiet the Fears of his People; and foi Preservation and securing the Spanish Netherlands.

Resolved, &c. That this House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of Grievances.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to sit this Committee*, Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7°die Martii, 1676.

J£JENRY Oldcnburgh and Adam this Day

took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Lands of Lord Cullen’* the Lord Viscount Cullen, for Payment of his Sister’s Estate. Portions, and his Debts, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Galton, Samuel Plenty, and Roger Irish Cattle; Stone, for themselves, and in the Behalf of John Willing,

William Sheppeard, John Harreis, Chri. Hippesley, and Richard Brooks, all of the Parishes of Yatien and Kenn in the County of Somerset, Yeomen; complaining of a vexatious Prosecution against them, as Officers in the said Parishes of Yatten and Kenn, for seizing several Irish Cattle imported into England, contrary to the Act of Parliament in that Case made and provided; whereby they have been put to great Charges and Trouble for putting the said Law in Execution; was read.

And the said Petitioners being called in to the Bar of the House; and owning the said Petition;

Resolved, &c, That it be referred to a Committee, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are also to consider of an explanatory Act, to prevent the Frauds and Abuses in importing Cattle:

And it is referred to Sir John Knight, Sir Lout her,

Mr. Williams, Sir John Robinson, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Rolls, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Wynne, Col. Kirkby, Sir Richard Everard, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Hotham,

Captain Jones, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Trevor, Alderman Jollyffe, Sir John Sir

Williams, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Fran. Roll, Sir Sam. -nardiston, Mr. Mallett, Col. Gilby, Col. Sandys, Sir Thom. Clargis, Col. Byrch, Sir Robert Kempe, Sir John Reresby, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Eliah Harvey: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a Judicature in p;re jn Southwarke, for Determination of Differences touching Souibwarke. Houses burnt or destroyed in the late Fire there, be read Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevors Report, touching the Duke of Duke of Norfolke, be heard on Friday Morning next. Norfolke.

A Petition of Charles Taunton, Gdbert Jennings, Am- Hackney brose Neale, and Henry Alder, on the Behalf of them- Coache*, selves, and other licensed Hackney Coachmen, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; complaining of great Exactions and Abuses committed by the present Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coachmen;

And the Petitioners being called in to the Bar of the House; and owning the said Petition;

394 7* — 8° Martiu . i6j6*

Resolved, See. That the Petition be referred to a Com- Carr, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Cha. mittee: Who are to summon the Commissioners, and hear Harbord, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Sir Cha. Wheeler,

both Parties; and to examine what Miscarriages and Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. my, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Johfi Abuses have been committed on either Side, contrary to Talbott, Mr. Williams, Sir Musgrave, Sir John the Act of Parliament for Licensing of Hackney Coach- Trevor, or any Five of them, to prepare the Address to men; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to represent to His Majesty the Danger of the Power of the House: And it is referred to Sir John Trevor, Sir France; and to desire His Majesty, by such Alliances as Tho. Lee, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Eliah His Majesty shall think fit, to secure His Kingdoms,

Harvey, Sir Tho. Clargis, Sir Edm. Jennings, Mr.. Wil- and quiet the Fears of His People; and for Preservation hams, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Knight, Sir Richard Eve- and securing the Spanish Netherlands: And they are to rard, Sir Robert Thomas, Sir John Mallett, Sir John More- meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, ton, Sir Nico. Pelham, Mr. Morris, Mr. Onslow, Mr. in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pawle, Mr. Crowch, Sir Hen.Capell, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir

Lane. Lake, Mr. Eyres, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Trevor A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clarke, and Bills sent Williams, Sir Fran. Russell, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Co\. Kirkby, Sir Lacon William Childfrom Lords. Col. Sandys, Mr. Mallett, Sir John Share, Sir Edward Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two

Seymour, Mr. King, Sir Edm. IVindham: And all that Bills; the one intituled, A Bill for Prevention of Frauds come are to have Voices: And they are to meet To- and Perjuries; the other intituled, An Act for Expla-morrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the nation of an Act, intituled, An Act preventing Dangers Exchequer Chamber: And are impowered to send for which may happen from Popish Recusants: To which Persons, Papers, and Records. they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Bermudas

Company.

Grievances.

The King's Speech to be considered.

A Petition of John Wise, William White, Robert Stephens, and Perient Trott, of London, Merchants of the

Bermudas Company, on the Behalf of themselves, and divers others of the said Company, and many of the Planters within the said Island, was tendered and received.

Ordered, That the House will Tomorrow Morning proceed to the Consideration of the said Petition.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the w hole House, to proceed in the Consideration of Grievances.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had proceeded in the Consideration of Grievances; and had agreed a Vote or Resolve to be reported to the House: Which he read in his -Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was again read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as followeth:

Resolved, Sec.That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Matter complained of, in imposing and requiring of Fees, Oaths, and Bonds upon the Subject, for the granting of Passes for Ships; and to inquire of the Mischiefs and Inconveniencies arising from thence; and to consider how to remedy and regulate the same; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House: And it is referred to Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Courtney Poole, Col. Byrch, Alderman Love, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Finch, Alderman Jolliffe, Sir Chr.Musgra Mr. Pepys, Sir John

Werden, Sir John Barnaby, Mr. Jones, Sir Tho. Williams,

Sir Robert Southwell, Mr. John Wright, Sir Jos. ham, Mr. Garraway, Sir Tho. Clargis, Sir Edm. Jenhings, Mr. Papillon, Sir Richard Wiseman, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Coppleston Bamfcild, Sir John Cotton, Sir Heath, Sir Sum. Barnardiston, Sir 3 John Nicholas, Sir Tho. Doleman,

and all the Members of this House that are Merchants; and all that serve for the Port Towns: And they are to meet Tomorrow ill the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, Sec. That this House will, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of Grievances.

Resolved, See. That this House will, on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of His Majesty’s Speech.

The House being informed, that Mr. Serjeant May- Member not'd, contrary to the Order of the House, was gone the absent Circuit without Leave of the House.

Ordered, That the said Serjeant Maynard be sent for, dV in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to give his Attendance on the Service of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Joins, 8* die Martii, 1676.

'J'HEodore Hofstadt this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to constitute a Judicature to determine Differ- Fire ences touching Houses burned dowm, and new Buildings s>oulhwar e*

O _ 7 o

erected in the room of them in Southwarke, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for settling the Draining of Lindsey Level, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir Edm.

Windham, LordCastleton, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Col. Sandys, Sir Richard Everard, Sir Wm. Windham, Sir Tho. Allen, Lord Digby, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Nico.

Slatting, Mr. Culliford, Sir Phil. Harcourt, Sir Tho.

Meres, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Tho. Clargis,

Sir Richard Ford, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Byrch, Sir John Moreton, Lord Ancram, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Mr. Morris,

Sir John Hotham, Mr. May, Sir Win. Howard, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Guy, Sir Richard Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Maynard, Sir Win. Terringham,

Captain Man, Sir Wm. Blackett, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Shaw, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Lord Fitzharding, Colonel

Werden, Mr. Progers, Sir Edm. Jennings, Sir John Werden, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Robert Holmes, Mr. Eyres,

Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Daniel; and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Lincolne, Yorke, Norfolke, and Northampton; and for the several Cities, Towns, and Boroughs within the same Counties: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Bill to preserve and increase the Growth of Timber Growth of Trees, was tendered. Timber.

Address on Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Sir Tho. Meres, The House then, according to the Order Yesterday, Bermudas the Danger Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir took up the Consideration of the Petition of John Wyse, ComPa"7' Power.05 Jos. Tredenham, Lord Ancram, Mr. Finch, Sir Robert William White, Robert Stephens, and Perient Trott, Merchants,

ib

Leave of Absence.

Papists not

to sit in Parliament.

29 Car. II.

chants, and Members of the Bermudas Company, on Behalf of themselves, and divers others of the said Company, and many of the Planters within the said Island; complaining, That some of the Members of the said Company have undertaken to make several arbitrary and illegal By-laws, contrary to their Charter; and put the same in Execution, to the great Grievance and Oppression of the Petitioners; was read.

And the Petitioners who subscribed the said Petition, being called in to the Bar of the House; and owning the Petition; and taking on them to make out the Contents of it;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to Mr. Pmrfe, Sir

JVm.Terringham, Mr. Swin fMr. Sir Geo.

Dozening, Col. By ref 1, Sir Nico. Sir Sam.

diston, Mr. Love, Mr. Marvell, Sir Wheeler, Sir JVm. Thompson, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Robert Hozvard, Sir Hen. Capcll, Sir Cha. Harbo Sir John Moreton, Sir Thom. Lee, Sir Antho.Irby, Lord Ancram, Sir John Trevor, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Mr. Sacheverell,

Sir Tho. Bludzcorth, Mr. JollMr. Eyres, Sir John

Knight, Sir John Mallett, Lord Ashley, Sir John Coven-trey, Colonel Tho. Howard, Sir Tho. Clargis, Mr. Bennett,

Mr. Russell, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Williams, Mr. Solicitor General, Colonel Sandys, Sir Franc. Clarke, Mr. Hampden, Sir John Holmes, Sir Thompson, Sir JVm.

Blackett, Sir JVm. Lozcther, Lord Burleigh, Captain Man, Sir JVm. Coventrey, Sir Sir

Michael JVharton, Lord AngierSir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Boscozcen, Mr. Sauycr, Sir James Rushout, Sir Fagg,

Sir John Hotham, Lord Cavendish, Sir Robert Holmes, to

examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, at Two of the Clock: And are irn-powered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Moore, have Leave to go into the Country for a Short time, lor Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for hindering Papists to sit in either House of Parliament, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

39i>

are impowered to Send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion being made, for a further Supply to be Supply, given to His Majesty;

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion for a further Supply to His Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, Committee* be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 9° die Martii, 1676.

A BILL for the Ease and Encouragement of the Coal Trade. A Coal Trade, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time, after Ten of the Clock in the Morning, on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill to enable Mr. Aubrey's Trustees to sell Lands, A\»brey’» was read. Estate.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, for Mr. Speaker to issue his Puresme Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Election Writs to elect Two Members to serve for the Town and' Franchise. Corporation of Durcsme;

But some Doubt arising upon the Act of Parliament by which the Town claim a Right of sending Members to serve in Parliament;

Resolved, 8cc. That the Consideration of the Case of the Corporation of Durham, in reference to the Right by them claimed to send Members to serve in Parliament, by virtue of an Act of this present Parliament, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to inspect the Act of Parliament; and to report the State of the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House.

8° — 9®

Writ for burning Heretics.

Preventing

Popery.

Ordered, That the Bill to take away the Writ dc Hare- An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Trevor and Williams’

tico comburendo, be brought in, and read Tomorrow his Sons, to make Jointures for their Wives, was read Jointures.

Morning. the Third time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill do pass: And that the A Bill to prevent the Grow th of Popery, was read the Title be, An Act to enable Sir Trevor Williams Baronet,

Second time. and his Four Sons, to make Jointures to their respective

Resolved, See. That this Hill be committed to Sir John Wives.

Jllallctt, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Crouch, Sir Lane. Lake, Ordered, That Mr. Eyres do carry up the said Bill to

Sir Robert Burnham, Sir Eduard Masters, Sir John Heath, the Lords for their Concurrence.

Sir John Lozcther, Mr. Eyres, SwTho. Lee, Mr. Gar raze ay,

Mr. Boscozcen, Sir EdxcardDeering, Sir John Coventrey, Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to whom Duke of

Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Secretary Coventrey, Sir John the Petition of Edward Howard and others, was referred, Norfolk*, Knight, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Talbott, S\r Robert the State of the Case, as to Matter of Fact contained in Howard, Sir Hen.Goodrich, Sir John Cotton, Mr. May- the said Petition, and the Evidence thereupon: And that

nard, Sir EdmJVindham, Sir Cha.IVheeler, Sir Tho. Meres, the Committee, upon Consideration thereof, had agreed Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Edm. Jennings, Mr. Williams, Lord a Resolve or Vote to be reported to the House: Which Digby, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir JVm. Lozcther, Sir Sam.Bar- he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same tiardiston, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Daniel, Sir Tho. Dolman, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read;

Sir John Bramston, Mr. Gray Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Hen. and is as followeth:

Capcll, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Vaughan, Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Sir Fran. Roll, Sir John 'Trevor, Sir John Barnaby, Sir that the House be moved, That an humble Address be Fran. Lazclcy, Sir Phil. Monckton, Sir Fran.Russell, Mr. made to his Majesty, that the Duke of Norfolke may be

Hambden, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Westfaling, brought home into England from his Confinement Air. Secretary JVilliamson, Mr. Palmes, Sir Richard Wise- beyond Sea.

man, Sir Allen Apsley, Sir John JVerden, Sir John Han- And Mr. Onsloze, a Member of this House, one of the mer, Sir Coppleston Bampfeild Lord Cavendish, Mr. Col- Guardians of the said Duke of A desiring to be

lingwood, Mr. Daniel, Sir John Holman, Sir Win. JVent- heard at the Bar of this House, before the Question be worth, SirTho. Clergis, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Morris;put for agreeing with the Committee, and all the Gentlemen of the House that are of the Resolved, That Air. Onslozo be heard by his Counsel,

Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: at the Bar of this House, to the Matters suggested in the And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the said Petition, which do relate to him, as Guardian to the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And- said Duke, on Wednesday next.

Vol. IX.

39<*

9* — 10° Marti!.

A. 1676.

Supply* Resolved, See. That this House will, on Morn-

ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion for a further Supply to His Majesty.

Grievances. Resolved,. &c. That this House will, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Grievances.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mr. Wynne, Sir Edward Jennings, Lord Ancram, Sir

Deering, and all that serve for, the Counties of Cheshire and Leicester, and for the Cities, Towns and Boroughs of the same Counties: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Tw-o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the City Westminster of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, wras read. Court of Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Conscience.

Sabbati, 10° die , 1676.

DAMAltensleben this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Ewl of A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to

Manchester’s enable Robert Earl of Manchester to sell Lands for Pay-Estate, ment of his Debts, and for settling other Lands of a greater Value, in lieu of those appointed to be sold, w as read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Pedley, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Sir Courtney

Poole, Sir John Otxcay, Sir Jos. Mr. Gray,

Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Russell, Sir Palmer, Mr.

Wright, Sir Phil. Harcourt, Mr. ChetSir Tho.Proby,

Sir Gilbert Gerard, Sir Edward , Sir Phil.

ton, Sir John Talbott, Sir Sir Eliah Harvey,

Mr. Eyres, Mr. Crmcch, Sir Fran. Col.

Mr. Robert Wright, Sir J Knight, Sir Win.

Mr. Lexcis, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Price, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Montague, Sir Hen. Ford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impow ered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord

Cullen’s

Estate.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands, for Payment of the Debts of Brian Lord Viscount Cullen, for Payment of his Sister's Portion, and Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Lord Burleigh, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Sir Lexcis Palmer, Mr. Newport, Mr. Eyres, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Bamaby, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Sir John Knight, Mr. Williams, Sir John Hanmer, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Poxcle, Mr. Robinson, Col. Kirkby, Mr. St. John, Sir Scroope How, Sir John ElxcayesMr. Gray, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Morris, Mr. Guy, Sir Geo. Dozening, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Mr. Wright, Mr. Vane, Lord Sir Holman,

Lord Ashley, Sir Fran. Clarke, Mr. Sir

Hartopp, Sir Richard Powell, Col. Sir John Worden, Sir John Burlace, Sir Sir Robert How-

ard, Col. Werden, Sir John Coventrey, Mr. Mountague, and all that serve for the County of Northampton, and for the Boroughs of the same: And they are to meet, on Tuesday next, in the Afternoon at Tw o of the Clock, in the Inner Court of Wards: And are impow cred to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

LordKilmur- A Bill for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord re/s Estate. Viscount Kilmurny, and for raising Portions for his younger Sons, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmely, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Gray, Sir Richard Everard, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Eyres, Lord Ashley, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Robert Holmes, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Jeoff. Shackerley, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Lake, Mr. Lexcis, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Robinson, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Col. Phelipps, Sir John HolmeSf Mr. Morrice, Sir Roger Col,

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Pedley have the Leave of Leave of the House to go into the Country for Ten Days. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Devoreux have the Leave of the House to go into the Country.

The Question being put, That Sir John Otway have the Leave of the House to go into the Country;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,j for the Yeas, 96.

{Mr^’ } the Noes, 67.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, w as read. Insolvent

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time. debtors.

A Bill to indemnify Counties, Cities and Boroughs, Wages due to from paying Wages now due to Members that serve in Members. Parliament, w as tendered.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating Abuses in col- Hearth lecting the Duty of Hearth Money, be read on Thursday Money. Morning.

Mr. Poxcle reports from the Committee to whom it Address on was referred to prepare an Address to his Majesty, to the Danger represent the Danger of the Power of France-, and to p°m desire his Majesty, by such Alliances as he shall think fit, °wer’ C* to secure his Kingdoms, and quiet the Fears of his People; and for Preservation and securing the Spanish Netherlands; an Address agreed by the said Committee:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, w as, upon the Question, agreed unto, Nemine

contradicente; and is as followeth:

May it please your Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most loyal Subjects, the Knights,

Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled, find ourselves obliged, in Duty and Faithfulness to Your Majesty, and in Discharge of the Trust reposed in us by those w hom we represent, most humbly to offer to Your Majesty’s serious Consideration, That the Minds of Your Majesty's People are much disquieted with the manifest Danger arising to Your Majesty's Kingdoms, by the Grow th and Power of the French King; especially by the Acquisitions already made, and the further Progress likely to be made by him, in the Spanish Netherlin the

Preservation and Security w hereof, we humbly conceive, the Interest of Your Majesty, and the Safety of Your People, are highly concerned: And, therefore, we most humbly beseech \ our Majesty to take the same into Your Royal Care, and to strengthen Yourself with such stricter Alliances, as may secure Your Majesty’s Kingdoms, and preserve and secure the said Netherlands; and thereby quiet the Minds of Your Majesty’s People.

A Motion being made, That the Concurrence of the Lords Lords be desired to the said Address; Concurrence

Resolved, S. c. That the Concurrence of the Lords be de!>lre desired to the said Address.

Ordered, That l be said Address be new-written; and a Blank left for the Concurrence of the Lords: And that Mr.

Penck do go up to t i.eLords, to desire their Concurrence.

14 Sir

Bewdley

Election.

Leave of Absence.

Lords Answer as to concurring Address.

Privilege.

39 Car. II. to6 — 12° Martii. 597

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the State of the Case, and Evidence therein, concerning the Election for the Borough of Bexvdley in the County of Ifroreester, between Mr.

Foley and Mr. Herbert; and that the chief Matter on which the Committee did ground their Opinion, was, the Bribery of Mr. Foley, to procure the Voices of Electors: On which they proceeded to pass Two Votes: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And are as followeth;

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Foley is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Burgess for the Borough of Bead-ley in the County of Worcester.

Resolved, See. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That. Mr. Herbert is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Burgess for the Borough of ley in the County of Worcester.

The First of the said Votes being again twice read;

The Question being put, To agree with the said Committee, That Mr. Foley is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Burgess for the Borough of Bexvdley in the County of Worcester;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Vote being also twice read;

And the Question being put, To agree with the said Committee, That Mr. Herbert is duly elected to serve in tin's present Parliament, as Burgess for the Borough of Bra dley in the County of Worcester.

The House divide.

j> for the Noes, 67.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend, on Monday next, with the Return for the Borough of Bead-ley, to amend the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellyot have the Leave of the House to go into the Country.

Mr. Porcle acquaints the House, That he had attended the Lords with the Address, agreed to this Day, and ordered to be carried up by him to desire their Concurrence: And that, being withdrawn, and called in again, had Answer, That their Lordships would consider of the said Message; and w'ould return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

| for the Yeas, 76 [«].

The Noes go forth.

Tellers, |>f Jr/!,n

’ [Mr. Ihynnc,

Tellers, I,!1’

’ [Mr. Aish,

Litnce, 12* die Martii, 1

ACO M P L AIN T being made, of a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Richard Ford, a Member of this House, by arresting and taking Ford, Bailiff and Servant to the said Sir Richard Ford, in Execution, and imprisoning of him in the Marshalsea, by John Haxckins, at the Suit of Peake, during the

Sitting, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House, knowing him to be Sir Richard s Servant;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant for Discharge of John Ford, Servant of Sir Richard Ford, from his Imprisonment in the Marshalsea; being taken in Execution, in Contempt, and Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, See. That Mr. Speaker do issue forth his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to apprehend, and take into his Custody, John Hawkins, (by whom the said John Ford, was arrested) for his Contempt, and Breach of the Privilege of this House.

confirming and perpetuating Augmentations, made by Ec- Augmenting clesiastical Persons, to small Vicarages and Curacies, V‘cara6es> was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Mr. Awbreys Trustees to sell Lands, Awbrey’s was read a Second time. Estate.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr.

Crouch, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Williams, Mr. Mallett, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Fran. Russell, Sir John Trevor, Sir Wm.

Smith, Mr. Finch, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Colonel Byrch, Sir Robert Dillinglon, Sir Edu ard Hungerford, Sir

Geo. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Williams, Sir Tho. Prise, Mr.

Graham, Sir Hump. Hooke, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Eyres,

Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Russell, Mr. Ro-

binson, Sir John Elxcayes, Sir James Smith, Sir Sir John Knight, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Edxcard Masters, Mr.

Robert Wright, S\rCyrillWyche, Mr. Secretary Williatnson,

Sir Edward Norris, Sir Geo. Fletcher, SirEdward Harloxc,

Sir John Barnaby, Mr. Morgan, Sir H and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Worcester, Hertford, and Salop, and for the several Cities, Towns, and Boroughs of the same Counties:

And they are to.meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And ar<? impow ered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to which David’s, &c»

the Bill for Naturalization of Jacob David and others was Nat. committed, some Amendments to be made to the Bill, by leaving out some of the Persons therein inserted; and other Additions, Amendments, and Alterations: And further reports, That, since the said Amendments agreed at the Committee, Cornelius Vm Aldenwenelt, one of the Persons agreed to be struck out, had this Morning brought in his Certificate, and Witnesses to attest it, of his having received the Sacrament Yesterday: Which Certificate being produced; and allowed by the House;

’1 he Question being put, That the Name of Cornelius Van Aldonceneltdo stand in the Bill;

It w'as resolved in the Affirmative.

And all the other Amendments, except this, being twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to;

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in warke, and the Parishes in Surrey and Middlesex within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Southwark* Court of Conscience.

The Clerk of the Crown’s Deputy attending; and Bewdley being called into the House; and bringing up the Return ^etur" for the Borough of Bewdley to the Table, did there, ac- 4111611 cording to the Order of the House, amend the same, by razing out the Name of Air. Foley, and inserting the '

Name of Mr. Herbert.

A Bill to prevent and suppress Pedlars, Hawkers, and Hawkers, Petty Chapmen, was read. Pedlars, t

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Brewers of London and Westmin- Brewer*’ ster, on Behalf of themselves and others, was read. Petition.

Resolved, &c. That the Consideration of this Petition be referred to the Committee of the w'hole House that consider of the Motion for a further Supply to His Majesty.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider of the Motion for a farther Supply to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Temple took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

[a] It is doubtful whether it be 76 or 176.

Vql. IX.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Beversham Bdl*stn* and Sir Edward Loxv; from Lon

5 H Mr.

y

Supply.

Committees.

Fines and Recoveries.

Exporting

Wool.

Frauds and Perjuries.

Wages due to Members.

398 12* — 13° Martii.

A. 1676.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill for naturalizing Alice Ruskout, Daughter of Sir James Rushout Baronet, without any Alterations: And have sent you down Two Bills; the one intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement concerning the Execution and Return of Writs within the Seven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County of Glocester', the other intituled, An Act to enable the Sale of certain Lands in Whitechurch in the County of Dorsett, lately belonging to Lawrence Squibb Esquire: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House then again resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion for a farther Supply to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Temple took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Temple reports from the Committee of the whole House to consider of the Motion for a further Supply to his Majesty, That the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration; and had agreed upon a Resolve: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and was, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That, for a further Supply to His Majesty, the additional Duty of Excise be continued for Three Years.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 13* die Martii, 1676.

Prayers.

J^jENRF Pelate did this Day take the Oaths of AL legiance and Supremacy at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for the better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries, was read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mallet, Mr. Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Crouch, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Newport, Sir

Mr. Morris, Sir John Knight, Sir Mr.

Mr. Powle, Mr. Henley, Mr. Sachacerell, Mr. ling, Mr. Scranton, Sir Edmund Mr. Jay, Sir

Roger Bradshaw, Sir John TrSir Henry Ford, Mr. Clerlce, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Williams, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Rowland Burkely, Mr. Wright, Dr.

Arris, Sir John Otway, Sir Charles Wheeler, Mr. Mallett, Sir Trevor'Williams, Col. Kirby, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Stan-hop, Mr. Mainard, Sir Jeojf 'ry Mr. Corey, Mr.

May, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow , at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time, on Monday next after Ten of the Clock.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to prevent Frauds and Perjuries, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time in a full House.

A Bill to release and discharge the several Counties, Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports, firom all Wages due to Members, from the First Day of this Parliament to the First Day of this Session, was read.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Bertie and Conference Mr. Justice Scroggs; on Address

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference a^"^tm0an* with the House of Commons, in the Painted Chamber, french*1 upon the Address brought up to their Lordships on Sa- Power. turday last.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords in the Painted Chamber, upon the Address sent up to their Lordships on Saturday last.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had agreed to a present Conference with the Lords in the Painted Chamber, upon the Address sent up to their Lordships on Saturday last.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Tho. Meeres,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Garraxcay, Mr. Sachaxerell, Sir John Trevor, Sir Joseph Tridenham, Sir

Mr. Finch, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Sir Tho.

Lee, Sir John Emly, Lord Cavendish, Lord Sir

Rob. Carr, Sir Tho. Littleton, Lord Sir Hen.

Ford, Mr. Vaughan, be appointed to attend, and manage the Conference.

Sir William Coventry reports from the Conference had with the Lords, upon the Address sent up to their Lordships on Saturday last, That what wa3 delivered at the Conference by the Lords, was put into Writing: Which he read; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same was twice read; and is as followeth:

That the Lords do fully concur with the House of Commons, in the Matter of the Address sent up to their Lordships on Saturday last; and do only apprehend, that it may not altogether answer the Ends designed; their Lordships very much doubting this Address may not sufficiently encourage His Majesty to pursue the necessary Methods for compassing so great a Work, unless the humble Advice of His Two Houses be backed with such Assurances, as may let the World see, that if our Security cannot be attained by such Alliances as His Majesty shall think fit to make, nothing will be left unattempted to procure it by our utmost Assistances.

The Lords do further offer to your Consideration,

That the Words, u and in Sicily," be added after the Word " Netherlands" in the Fourteenth Line; and, in the Two-and-twentieth Line, after the same Words, may be added, " and Sicily;" it being of great Importance to our Trade, that Sicily be not in the Hands of the French King.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Low and Heneu’e, &c. Sir Miles Cooke', Nat*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalization of Peter Reneu, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate concerning the Amend- Lords ments of the Lords, delivered at the Conference this Day, upon the Address sent up to their Lordships on 0 u es*‘ Saturday last, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Case of the Duke of Norfolk, Duke of which was appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House Norfolk. Tomorrow, be heard on Thursday Morning next, at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant, for summoning of these Persons following; viz. Lord Digby of Gestrell, Richard Coole Esquire, Tho. Coote

Esquire, Mr. Richard Marriot, Mr. Braithwa Mr.

Ravenscroft, Sir Theodore Devalue, Sir George Wakeman,

Dr. Moore, Mr. Burbury, Mr. Deerham, Dr. Wolfe, Sir Charles Berkeley, Dr. Smith, SwThomas Lynch, Mr. OJftey,

Mr. Methum, Mr. Dovey, Mr. Cox, Mr. Ash, Mr. Charles Bertu, Dr. Stockholme, Dr. St ayly, Dr. Mr.

Sir John Cope, Dr. Collins, Endimion La Thomas Kil-

legrcw, Charles Killegrew, George Fabian Phillips,

16 Sir

Jirllll

Grits

Gsu

tilts:

LP

ItSriO

Jr

h

h

Hr

fe;

5q

Hi

it

34

11*

29 Car. II. 13’ — 140-

Sir John Cope, Dr. Alle, Captain Pecket, Lieutenant Whitlock, George Ravenscroft, Mr. Bridges, Mr. John

Radford, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. and Mr. Thomas Cox;

to attend, as Witnesses, at the Bar of this House on Thursday next, in the Case of the Duke of

Committee*. Resolved, &c. That all Committees, that are discontinued; be revived: and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Wages due to Resolved, &c. That the Bill this Day read, for dis-

Member*. charging the Wages due to the Members of this House, be read a Second time.

Grievances. Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Grievances.

Committees. Ordered, That no Committee do sit till Four of the Clock this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till-To-morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Earl of Manchester’s Estate.

Jawlvent

Debtors.

Yarmouth

Pier.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

Supply Bill;

building

Ships.

Mercurii, 14’ die 1676.

SIR John Knight reports from the Committeee to whom the Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Earl of Manchester to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and for settling other Lands, of a greater Value, in lieu of those appointed to be sold, was committed; That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and had returned it without any Amendment.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That' the said Bill be committed to Sir Edm. Jennings, Mr. Serjemit Maynard, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Mallett, Sir John Knight, Mr. Cheney, Sir Low-

ther, Mr. Robinson, Sir John foreton, Mr. Sir

Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Robert Wright, Mr. Morris, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Edm.Bowyer, Sir Win. Sir

Tho. Allen, Sir Edward BayntonSir Browne, Mr.

Crowch, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Eyres, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Westpha/ing, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Chctwyn,

Sir Wm. Coventry, Colonel PMr. Neale, Sir Coventry, Sir John Berkenhead, Mr. Col.

Kirkby, Mr. Corey, Sir John Sir John

Mr. Love, Sir EdzcardDeering, Sir Sir

John Norton, Sir Tho.Meres, Sir Sir .7

Tredenham, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Lord Digby, Sir Wm. Smith, Colonel Strode, Sir Sir 1 ho.

Clargis, Mr. Cheney, Colonel Strode, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the Counties of Surrey and Middlesex, and the Borough of the same: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Duchy Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for charging Commodities, imported into Yarmouth, for repairing and maintaining the Pier of Yarmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant, to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to take Thomas Sturmy, an Attorney, into Custody; for his Contempt and Breach of Privilege, in delivering a Declaration into the Outlawry Office, against Mr. Progers, a Member of this House, contrary to Privilege of Parliament.

A Bill for a Supply of Six hundred thousand Pounds to his Majesty, for building and furnishing of Ships, was delivered in; and read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill for a Supply of Six hundred thousand Pounds to his Majesty, for the building and furnishing Thirty Ships, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Vol.IX.

I 50 Martii. 399

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate, con- Lords cerning the Amendments of the Lords, delivered at the -Amendments Conference Yesterday; upon the Address sent from this to res8‘ House on Saturday last.

The first Amendment, for adding the Words " and in Sicily," in the Fourteenth Line, after the Word " Netherlands," being read;

The Question being put, Now to agree with this Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Amendment, for adding the Words " and Sicily," after the same Word in the Two-and-twentieth Line, being read;

The Question being put, Now to agree with this Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edzcard Low, and Naturalizing Sir John Franklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, jects!* intituled, An Act for the Naturalizing of Children of his Majesty’s English Subjects, born in Foreign Countries, during the late Troubles: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons to Reasons upon the Debate of the House, to be offered at offered at a Conference, to be had with the Lords: And that it be oattrence’ referred to those Members, that attended and managed the Conference, to prepare the Reasons, accordingly:

And that Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Serjeant and Sir Edzcard Deering, be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jot7?, 15* die Martii, 16?6.

SIR John Brampston reports from the Committee to Lord May-which the Bill for rectifying a Mistake in a General nard s Estate* Settlement of the Lord Maynard’s upon the Marriage bf his Son, was referred, That the Committee had carefully perused and considered of the Bill; and had returned the same without any Amendment.

A Bill for settling several Lands in Kelshall in the Kelshall County of SuJJ'ol/ce Charities.

A Bill to suppress Pedlars, Ilawkers, and Petty Chap- Hawkers, men, was read a Second time. Pedlars, &c.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. May,

Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr EMr. Williams, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Lane.Lake, Mr. Herbert, Sir Hungerjord, Mr. Boseozcen, Mr. Chetzm/n, Sir

hams, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Adam Browne, Alderman Love,

SirEdzcard Masters, Mr Crowch, S\Sir

Geo.Dozening, Sir John Knight, Mr G

ton, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Morrice, Sir WDoyley, Mr. 5a-

cheverctl, Sir John Frederick, Sir Tho. Estcourt, Sir Hugh Owen, Mr. Foreman, Lord Digby, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr.

Cull ford, Lord Ashley, Colonel Sandy s, Sir

Mr. King, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Mallett,

Mr. Wright, Sir John Hobert, Colonel Norton, Sir Hugh Bethe.ll, Mr. Marvell, Lord Ancram, Mr. Sazcyer, Mr.

Puzz le, Capt. Jones, Sir John Bramston, Mr. Daniel, Sir Baynam Throgmorton, Sir Denny Ashlntrnham, Sir John Salisbury, Lord Angier, Mr. Thynne, Sir John Elzvayes,

Sir A dam Browne, Sir John Moreton, Col.Byrch, Sir Holmes, Sir Fran, Russell, Mr. Szvynfen, Mr. Onslow, Sir

Trevor, Mr. Hambden, Sir John Holland, Sir Wm.Hickman,

Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Westfaling, Lord Obrian, Mr. Neal,

Sir Hen.Ford, Sir Edward Baynton, Mr. GWynne, Mr. J Mr. Mounson: And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Two of the

Clock

400 I5# — 16° M 1676.

Clock in the Afternoon, in the Duchy Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Yorke Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of

Election.' Elections and Privileges, That the Committee, having examined the Matter of the Case, and the Evidence thereupon, touching the Election and Return for the City of Yorke, had agreed upon a Vote or Resolve, Nemine contradicente, to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. Nemine , That Sir Henry

Thompson is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Citizen for the City of Yorke.

Committee Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of of Privileges. Privileges and Elections, be heard on Tuesday Morning next.

That his Majesty has been pleased to appoint both Houses to attend him, to present their Address, Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Banqueting House, at Whitehall.

The House having, according to their Order, pro- Duke of ceeded to the Hearing of the Case of the Duke of Nor- Norfolk#. folke, at the Bar of this House;

And the Counsel and Witnesses being called in; and the Counsel and Testimonies of the Witnesses, and such other Evidence as was offered on either Side, being fully heard;

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That an humble Address be made to His Majesty, That the Duke of Normay be brought home into England, from his Confinement beyond Sea.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Conference on Address against Danger from French Power.

Mr. Porcle reports from the Committee appointed to prepare Reasons upon the Debate of the House, to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, the Reasons agreed by the Committee: Which, with some Alterations made at the Table, were, upon the Question, agreed to; and are as followeth,

The Commons conceive, that the Nature of the Address, sent up to your Lordships, is such (being for the Preservation of his Majesty, and his People), That it can leave no Room for his Majesty to doubt of such Assistance, as the Safety of the Kingdom shall require.

Reasons for the Commons not agreeing with the Lords in their Amendment, of adding these Words, "and in Sicily."

1. The Address, mentioning the Danger from the

Growth and Power of the French King, the Commons conceive, doth, in those general Words, comprehend, not only Sicily, but any other Part, though not particularly

named, where His Majesty’s Prudence shall think fit, that dangerous Growth Should be restrained.

2. The special Mention of Sicily would seem to put less Weight upon the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands, the Conservation of which the Commons conceive to be of much more Moment to Ills Majesty’s Kingdoms than that of Sicily: For, though it may be of great Importance to our Trade, that Sicily be not in the Hands of the French King; yet the Safety of His Majesty’s Kingdoms is not so immediately endangered thereby, and therefore ought not to be equally insisted upon.

Resolved, 8cc. That Sir Henry Capell do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Sir Henry Capell reports, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference with the House, in the Painted Chamber.

Veneris, 16° die1676.

A BILL to enable Francis Brend to sell Lands, for Brend'# raising Portions for the Daughters of Thomas Estate* Brend, his elder Brother, was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Southwell and Sir. Richard Bermuda* Franklyn be added to the Committee to which the Mat- (-omPany* ter touching the Bermudas Company stands referred:

And that all the Members of this House, that shall come, are to have Voices.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, that Irish Cattfci serve for the Counties of Yorke, Co and for the several Cities and Boroughs of the same Counties, be added to tire Committee, to which the Matter of the Petition, about Importation of Iris Cattle, is referred.

Ot'dered, That the Bill for repairing and maintaining Yarmouth Yarmouth Pier be read on Monday next, after Ten of Pler* the Clock in the Morning.

A Bill for Payment of the Debts, and Settling the Merchant's Estate, of Henry Merchant, a Lunatick, was read. Estate.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Rushu orth Esquire was read; com- Berwick plaining of an undue Return of the Lord Dumblaine, to Election, serve as Burgess for the Town of tick upon Tieccd, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by the Majority of Voices, and ought to have been returned.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to tire Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Lords agree thereto.

Ordered, That the Managers formerly appointed do to examine the Matter of the Petition; and report the State attend, and manage the Conference. of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Powle reports from the Conference had with the Lords, That they had given in the Reasons of this House for their disagreeing with the Lords in their Amendments to the Address sent up from this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Bertie and his Majesty’s Subjects into the military Service of the Mr. Justice Scroggs; French King, since his Majesty’s Proclamation of the

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint you Nineteenth of May 1675, issued upon an Address made That they do agree to the Address, as it w as first sent up; by this House, prohibiting the repairing of his Majesty’s and will send some Lords do attend his Majesty, to know Subjects into the Service of the French King; are and

The Question being propounded, That those Persons, British SoV that have either compelled, advised, assisted, or encou-the raising, levying, carrying,

in

r I reneh or sending any of Servicfc

Educating Children of Royal Family.

his Pleasure when both Houses shall w'aitonhim, to present it: Which as soon as their Lordships know, they will acquaint the House of Commons with it.

Another Message from the Lords, by the same Messengers;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for securing the Protestant Religion, by educating the Children of the Royal Family therein; and Continuance of a Protestant Clergy: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And to acquaint you.

shall be esteemed Enemies to the Peace and Safety of the King and Kingdom.

A Motion being made, that the Words " and contrary to" be added to the said Question, between the Words "since" and "his;"

The Question being put, That the Words " and contrary to" be added to the said Question, between the Words " since" and "his;"

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente. That those Persons that have either compelled, advised, assisted, or encouraged

Harrington’i

Puliuon.

Newark©

Election,

Writ for liuruing Heretics.

Coal Trade.

Cirencester

Writs.

Fire in Southwark.

Answer to Addins.

Car. IX#

16° — 17°" 19®

couraged the raising, levying, carrying or sending of any of his Majesty's Subjects into the Military Service of the French King, since his Majesty's Proclamation, of the Nineteenth of May 1675, issued upon an Address made by this House, prohibiting the repairing of his Majesty's Subjects into the Service of the French King, are and shall be esteemed Enemies to the Peace and Safety of the King and Kingdom.

A Petition of Mr. John Harrington, was read.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That Mr. Harrington and Mr. Murray, do attend Tomorrow Morning at the Bar of this House: And Mr. Speaker is desired to take care, that they may he brought accordingly.

Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of the said Petition, and the Debate thereupon, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Case concerning Newarke be heard on Wednesday Morning next, at the Bar of this House.

Sir Thomas Meres delivered in a Bill for taking away the Writ, De hatrctico comburendo; according to the

Order of the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill for taking away the Writ De hcereticocomburendo, he read Tomorrow Morning,

after Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Sabbali, 17° die Martii, 1676.

f\ RDERED, That the Bill for encouraging the Coal Trade be read a Second time, on Thursday next, after Ten of the Clock.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement, concerning the Execution and Return of Writs, within the Seven Hundreds of Cirencester in the County of G/ocester, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to erect a Judicature, to determine Differences touching Houses burnt down, and new Buildings erected in the room of them, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Clargis, SirRichard Ford, SirEdmSir

bord, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Row. Berkeley, Mr.’ Eyres, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Crou ch, Mr. Serj. Maynard, Mr. Clarke, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Frederick, Sir

John Robinson, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Wright, Mr.

Sir Sam. Burnardiston, Mr. Culliford, Colonel Sir

John Ehcayes, Mr. Williams, Sir Wm. Sir

Bowyer, Lord Ancram, Mr. D Sir John Holman,

Sir JohuTrevor, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Sir

John Burnaby, Mr. Chetxvyn, Mr. Linfeild, Mr. Wood, Mr. Progers, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Mr,

Child, Mr. Morris, S\rTko.Littleton, SuRichard Francklyn, Lord O Brian, Mr. Maynard, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the City of Westminster, and for the County of Surrey, and the Boroughs thereof: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Speaker reports, That, according to the Order and Command of the House, he had attended his Majesty, ia presenting the Address; and, that the Lord Chancellor having introduced it with a Short Preface, and then read it, his Majesty was pleased to return- his Answer, to this Effect:

Vql IX....

T 401

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I AM of the Opinion of My Two Houses of Parliament, that the Conservation of Flanders is of great Importance to England; and therefore, I assure you, I will use all Means for the Preservation of Flanders, that can possibly consist with the Peace and Safety of the Kingdom.

A Petition of Thomas Stumiy,. an Attorney at Law, Privilege — committed for a Contempt, and Breach of Privilege, was Pe"'io" fro"

o 7 person in

read: But the Petitioner not acknowledging the Offence; custody.

The Question being put, That Mr. Slur my be discharged upon this Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir William Wentxvorth have the Leave Leave of of the House to go into the Country, to attend a Tryal Absence, at the Assizes.

Ordered, That the Two Bills, sent from the Lords, Suppressing which relate to the suppressing of Popery, he read, the PoPery* one upon Monday, and the other upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Abuses in Hearth collecting the Duty of Hearth Money be read on Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are discontinued, Committee*, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered That the Report of the Bill for reviving and Exporting continuing the Act for Exportation of Leather he heard Leather, on 'Tuesday Morning next, at N ine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for the King’s Supply of Six Supply Bill; hundred thousand Pounds, for the building and furnishing building of Ships, be read the Second time on Monday Morningnext. ^hlPs'

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Saturday Mom- Grievances; ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Grievances.

The House then resumed the Consideration of the Pe- Harrington’# tition of Mr. Harrington, and the Debate thereupon. Petition.

Mr. Harrington being called in to the Bar; and owning the Petition; and being examined;

And being withdrawn;

One Harriott being also called in, was likewise examined:

And being withdrawn;

One Murray being also called in; and examined;

And being w ithdrawn;

The said Murray and Harriott w ere again called in together; and examined.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to sit this Committees. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lunee, 19* die Martii, 1676.

A PETITION of Richard Strode Esquire, was read, Plimpton complaining of an undue Return of George Election.

Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Plimpton in the County of Devon, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by the Majority of those Voices that had the legal Right of Election.

Resolved, &c. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter of the Petition, and report the State of the Case, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to revive Delays in and perpetuate a former Act, intituled, An Act ibr avoid- SuiU-ing unnecessary Suits and Delays, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

5 I A Bill

402

19* — 2 o' M

A- 167 6-

Augmenting

Vicarage*

See.

Regulating

Attorneys.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations, made by Ecclesiastical Persons, tp small Vicarages and Curacies, was read the Second time;

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Crouch, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Wm. Co~ ventrey, Sir Henry Ford, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Trevor, Mr. Spry, Sir Thd. Allen, Sir Edward Sir John

Berkenhead, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Mr. Eyres, Sir

Geo. Downing, Sir Janies Smith, Sir Masters, Sir

Gilbert Gerard, Greaves, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho. Clargis, Sir Jonathan Trelawny, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Francis Russell, Mr. Serj. Maynard, Sir John Knight, Mr. Wynne, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir lett, Sir John Elzcayes, Mr. Boscouen, Mr. Linfeild, Sir JCm.

Smith, Sir Hen. C’apcll, Sir R Berkeley, Mr. Williams, Sir 77/o. Lee, Mr. CullifordSir Hickman, Sir

Tho. Aleves:And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at

Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for suppressing the Abuses, and lessening the Number, of Attorneys.

Liberty of Ordered, That the Report of the Bill, touching Writs

the Subject, of Habeas Corpus, be heard on B cdnesday next.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Friday Morning Supply, next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill of Supply.

Ordered, That all Committees, which are discontinued, Committee*, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Sir John Berkenhead reports from the Committee to which the Bill on the Behalf of the Lord M as

committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were again twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning Yarmouth Pier be Yarmonh read Tomorrow Morning, alter the Report of the ier’ Leather Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Duty on Diamonds.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling the Duty on rough Diamonds be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir John Fang have the Leave of the

7 O

House to go into the Country lor a Fortnight.

l’rivileg

a person in cu&LuUy

A Petition of Mr. Thomas an Attorney, com-

I'entiotifrom mitted for a Breach of Privilege; acknowledging his Offence, and craving Pardon of the House; was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Sturmy be called in to the Bar of this House, to be discharged of his Commitment.

Mr. Sturmy, being called in, had a Reprimand given him by Mr. Speaker.

Marl is, 20* die Marlii, 1676.

JYfA Rgaret Louden, Hubert Vanckesleyn, and Peter Vigorous:,this Day Look the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in Order to th^ir Naturalization.

A Bill for allowingto Sir Samuel Moreland the Benefit of Moreland’* Pumps and Water Engines, by him invented, was read. Fuuips. Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Knight reports from the Committee appointed In»h Cattk to consider of an explanatory Bill to prevent Frauds and

:Tit

Ordered, That Mr. Sturmy be discharged from his Abuses in importing Irish Cattle, a Bill agreed by the

Ditto.

Commitment, paying his Fees.

A Petition of John Hawkins, committed for a Breach of Privilege, against Sir Richard Ford, was read.

Ordered, That John Hawkins be called in to the Bar of this House, to receive his Discharge.

John Han kins being called in, and kneeling at the Bar, had a Reprimand given him by Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said John Hawkins be discharged of his Commitment, paying his Fees.

A Member

renounces hit Election.

Mr. LevesonGower did, this Day, in the House, dis-

claim and renounce his Flection and Return, to serve for the Borough of New Mi tllon, in the County of Yorke.

And the House allowed thereof.

Committee: Which he delivered in.

The said Additional Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in importing Irish Cattle, was read.

Resolved, &c. That tins Bill be read a Second time after Ten of the Clock.

Sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee to Northamp-which the Bill for settling a Maintenance for the Minister ton MiubUr* of the Parish of Alhalluzccs, in the Town of Northampton, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Whi u he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Popish

Recusants,

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Explanation of an Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time:

Papist? not And that the Bid for hindering Papists to sit in either

to sit in Par- House of Parliament he read a Second time the same Day. Which he read m Ins Place; and afterwards delivered the ’’1 — same in at the Clerk s Table: W here the same were again

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee to Export;* which the Bill for reviving and continuing an Act for Ex- Feather, portation of Leather, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill:

liament.

W rit for burning Heretics.

Supply Bill;

building

bbips.

twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to But a Debate arising upon some Clauses in the Bill; And a Proviso being offered to be added to the Bill; The Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed; It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments A Bill for raising of a Supply to his Majesty, for agreed to, be ingrossed. building Thirty Ships, was read the Second time.

A Bill to take away the Writ Dchwrctico comburendo, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

o

Resolved,&c. That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, See. That it be referred to the said Committee, to consider, whether the City of London shall have Ease; and how.

A Motion being made for a further Address to his Alliance with Majesty, to enter into a strict and speedy Alliance with Fw»Mtr*i*» the Confederates;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate of this Motion be adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

A Bill

29 Car. II. 20* — 21* — 22’’Martii. 403

Educating A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Children of further securing the Protestant Religion, by Education mily. *a" of the Children of the Royal Family therein, and providing for the Continuance of a Protestant Clergy, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read a Second time on this Day Sevennight.

r

G lor ester Ordered, That the Case concerning the Election for

Election. the City of Glocester, which was appointed to be heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges, on the Seven-and-twentieth Day of this Instant March, be put off until the Third Day of April next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21* , 1676.

Children of A BILL, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Eu-hsh Sub- i\ naturalizing Children of his Majesty's English Subjects Nat. jects, born in Foreign Countries during the late Troubles, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Parliament: And Counsel being called in; and the Petition of Mr. Savile being read; and the Counsel heard;

And the Counsel being withdrawn; and the Matter debated;

The Question being put, That, by virtue of the Charter granted to the Town of Neicarke the Town of hath Right to send Burgesses to serve in Parliament;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers lSir Tho‘ Mem’ \

letters, |jv[r Sacheverell,

Tellers /Sir Gco- 1

leueis, , S;r Tnhn j*

For the Noes, 73. For the Yeas, 125.

[Sir John Ha toner.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That Mr. and Sir

Paul Neile are duly returned, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Neicarke;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers /S,r Fnm' R°11'

’[Mr. Westphalin.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Neicarke in the County of

For the Noes, 103.

Newark©

Writ.

David’s, Sic.-An ingrossed Bill for Naturalization of Jacob David,

Nat. was read, being the last time of Reading.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalization of David, and others;

And Sir John Trevor is to carry up the Bill to the Lords

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, which were discontinued,

be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Preventing Ordered, That Sir John Shaw, Mr. Morris, Mr.

Simony. Rams, Six Wm.Doy ley, Sir Richard Everard, Six John Cotton,

Sir Tho. Clargis, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. May, Sir John Bramston, Mr. Boscmcen, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. H eight, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Mr. Serjeant Seys,

Mr. Spry, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Henley, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Capcll Luckin, Mr. Walker, Sir Richard Mr. King, be added to the Committee to which the Bill to prevent Simoniacal Contracts, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight a Clock.

CV O

Juris, 22° die Martii,

J^Atliarine, Pryor, Emanuel Blake, Katharine Chilly,

and Maxamil ionde Manson, this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in or order to their Naturalization.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment Standish'* of the Debts of Mr. Standish, and raising a Portion for Estate, his younger Daughter, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Liberty of Sir John Knight reports from the Committee to whom the Subject, ^e Bill for the better Preservation of the Liberty of the Subject, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read, with the Coherence, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the same being again twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Duke of Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee to Nuriulk*. whom the Petition of Eduard and Bernard Howard, Esquires, and others, was referred; to prepare and draw up an humble Address to be made to his Majesty, That the Duke of Norfclhe may be brought over into England, from his Confinement beyond Sea, pursuant to the Vote of this House.

Pr‘uikge of The House being informed, that one Thomas

Vernier in had delivered a Declaration against Air. Leighton, a

g Suit* m - , O 9 '

Member of this House, during this present Session, in Breach of the Privilege of Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Thomas be sent for in

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of Privilege, in delivering a Declaration against Mr. Leighton, a Member of this House.

EfwarV. The House then proceeded to the Hearing of the Cause Liecuun. of Neicarke, touching the Sending of Burgesses to serve in

V TV 0 00

VOL. IX.

A Bill for a more easy Way of Recovery of small Recovery of Tythes, was read. Tythe*.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for settling the Custom Rates for rough Jewels, Duties on and other Commodities, was read. Jewels, &c.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Edward Deeringreports from the Committee to Repair of w hom the Bill for the better Repair of Churches, Chan- Churches, eels, and Chapels, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made, and a Clause to be added to the Bill:

Which he delivered in: And the same, being twuce read, was, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso, relating to Chancels, being tendered, and twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill, with the Amendments,

Clause, and Proviso agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining the Piers of Ear- Yarmouth mouth, was read. Piers.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for redressing Abuses in’ collecting the Duty of Hearth Hearth Money, was read the Second time. Money.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Clargis, Six John Knight, Sir John Ernie, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Geo.Downing, Si x John Moreton, Mr. Powle, Sir

Win. Hickman, Mr. Spry, Mr. Crou ch, Sir John Werden,

Mr,

4O4 — -23* Ufartii.

Mr. Westphaling, Sir Dawney, Sir Irby, Sir

7/fo. Meres, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Sir

Bowyer, Sir Jonathan Mr. Neale, Hoy*

ley, Sir Edward Baynton, Ser]ewntAIaynard, S\rTho.

Mr. Wright, Mr. Darcy, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Lewis, Sir Fran. Roll, Sir Edward DSir Cha.

Frau. Russell, Capt. Jones, Col. Sir John Mallett,

Sir John Birkenhead,* Barrie ham. Air. Sir

topher Musgrave, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Mr. Mallett, Sir John Lout her, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Chet-rtyn.Sir John Hotham, Sir Row. Air.

Sir Hen. Goodrich-, Sir John Elwayes, Sir , Sir Nico. Carey, Sir EdJennings, Sir John Burnaby, Mr. King, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Bloodworth, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Love, Sir Phil. Warwick: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, which are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Squibb’# enable the Sale of certain Lands in Winterborne White-church, in the County of Dorsett, lately belonging to Lawrence Squibb Esquire, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for l ord rectifying a Alistake in a General Settlement of my Lord Maynard's

Maynard, upon the Marriage of his Son, was read the 8' Third time.

And a Proviso, by way of Addition, was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and read a Third time.

Resolved, See.That the Bill, with the Proviso, do pass; and be returned to the Lords.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Earl of Robert Earl of Manchester, to sell Lands for Payment of Manchester's his Debts; and for settling other Lands, of a greater l:sUile' Value, in lieu of those appointed to be sold; was read the Third time.

And, a Proviso being tendered to be added to the Bill;

The House ordered the Bill to lie on the Table, for Three or lour Days, before they entered into Debate of it.

Williams'

Jointures.

JJede.ll's

Lstate.

Coal Trade.

Preventing

Popery.

Leave of Absence.

Exporting Coal, Ice.

Northern

Borders.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William and Sir John Hoskins;

Afr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill sent from this House, to enable Sir Trevor Williams and his Four Sons to make Jointures to their respective Wives, without any Amendment: And have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Vesting of certain Manors and Lands of Eduard Bcddl, of /f in the County of

Norjolkc, Esquire, in certain Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts, and for raising of Portions for Diana Bedell, Isabella Bedell, and Anne Bedell, Infants, Daughters of the said Edu ard Bedell; and for such other Children, as shall hereafter he begotten by the said Edu ard Bedell upon the Body of Isabella Bedell, his now Wife: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill for the Ease of the Coal Trade, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Bill be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Lord Cast and Sir John Trevor,

be added to the Committee to which the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, stands committed.

Oi'dered, That Capt. Dyott have the Leave of the House to go into the Country.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the free Exportation of Coal: And that it be referred to Colonel Byrch, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Love, Mr. Sad Sir Eduard

Deering, Sir Richard Temple, Sir John Knight, Sir Harvey, Sir Wm. Blackett, Sir Geo. Mr.

lon, Mr. Neale, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Sir John Trevor,

Sir John Mallett, Mr. Stockdale, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to prepare and bring in a Clause to be added to the said Bill, for the continuing the Act for Exportation of Beer, Ale, Mum; and to add a Clause for the Exportation of Cyder.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 23* die , 1676.

f\RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine, in the northern Borders of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Commute* Privileges and Elections, be heard on IFcdncsday Morning of tnvile0«. next, at Nine of the Clock.

Air. Sawyer reports from the Committee to which Taking the Bill to enable Commissioners to take Affidavits in Ashdaviu. the Country, ..... several Amendments agreed by the said Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where they were again twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &e. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for a Supply to his Majesty for Building of Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Progress in the said Bill: And humbly moved the House, from the said Committee, That the House w ould appoint a Committee to ascertain and settle the Payments and Projjortionsupon the several Counties and Cities; and to provide Sums to fill up the several Blanks in the Bill; and to consider of the several postponed Clauses, relating to Judicial Offices:

And that the House would order, That the several Knights,

Citizens, and Burgesses, may bring in their several Lists of the Commissioners, on Thursday next: And likewise moved, from the said Committee, That the House would resolve itself again into a Committee of the whole House, on Thursday next, further to proceed upon the said Bill.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to ascertain and settle the Payments or Proportions upon the several Counties and Cities; and to provide Sums for the filling up the several Blanks in the Bill; and to consider of the several postponed Clauses, relating to Judicial Offices:

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Geo. Downing,

Sir John Ernie, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm. Mr.

Spry, Sir Richard Ford, Lord ObriAir. Love, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sawyer, Sir John Trevor, Afr. Pap'd-lon, Sir John Berkenhead, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Poult,

Sir Edward Deering, Sir Wm.Lirwther, Col. Byrch, Sir

Edward Boynton, Sir Cha.Harbord, Sir Mallett, Sir

Courtney Poole, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Eiiab Harvey, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Williams, Sir Hen. Ford; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved,&c. That the several Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, do bring their several Lists of the Commissioners by Thursday next, to be inserted in the said Bill.

19 Resolved,

y

Gar. II.

Resolved, See. That this House will, on Thursday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, further to proceed in the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 24° 1676.

Children of A BILL, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for English Sub- iV the Naturalization of the Children of his Majesty’s jects Nat. English Subjects born in foreign Countries during the late Troubles, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Wynne, Sir Wm. ther, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Sir Roger Bradshaw, Sir Richard Everard, Mr. Sir

Col. Sandys, Captain Price, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Robert

Wright. Sir Lionel Walden, Mr. Sackvile, Mr. Chotmley, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir John Sir Jos.

Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Mr.

Mallett, Sir Wm.Doyley, Sir Anth. Irby, Sit Lane. Lake, Sir Trevor Williams, Colonel Sir John Knight,

Captain Sandys, Sir Eduard Major

holme, Mr. John W,right, Sir Throgmorton, Mr.

Pepys, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Tho. Mr.

Cull ford, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Talbott, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Maynard, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Chr.

Musgrave, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Mr. West-

phaling: And they are to meet on next, at Two

of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Regulating A Bill to prevent vexatious Suits; and to regulate Attorntys. Abuses; and limit the Number of Attorneys, was read.

Resolved, Sc.That this Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Excise. Vote of this House, for Continuance of the additional Duty upon the Excise; And it is recommended to Mr. Solicitor General to prepare and bring in the Bill.

405

Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Grahme, Sir John Sydenham: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards; and to consider of the Petition; and receive Propositions for Payment of the Creditors of the Hamburgh Company; and to admit none that shall charge the Manufacturers of the King’s Dominions; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions, to the House:

And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Lord Burleigh have the Leave of Leave of the House to go into the Country. Absence.

Mr. Wright reports from the Committee to whom the Passes for Matter concerning the Granting of Passes for Ships, was referred, That the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration; and had agreed upon several Votes or Particulars concerning the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read.

And, a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, Sc. That it be recommended from this House to the Lords of the Admiralty, by such Members of this House as are in the Commission of the Admiralty, that the Granting of Passes may be easy for the Merchant; and to remove the Obstructions to Trade.

An ingrossed Bill to revive and continue a late Act, Exporting giving Liberty to buy and export Leather and Skins, Leather, tanned or dressed, was read the Third time.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers’{coW Byrch, } for the Yeas’ *34-

TcHers, {s^IIm.^brd,’ } ^r the Noes, 85.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Sc.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue a late Act giving Liberty to buy and export Leather and Skins tanned or dressed: And that Sir William Lo do carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

230 — 24- — 26° Martii

Hamburgh A Petition of Benjamin Dennis, Thomas Ro/fe, Edu ard

Company. Lloyd, John Newton, Amos Ford, and Francis Hooper, on the Behalf of themselves, and others, Creditors of the Company of Merchant Adventurers of England, commonly called the Hamburgh Company, was read.

Resolved, Sc. That this Petition be committed to Sir John Holman, Colonel Byrch, Sir Eduard Sir

Tho. Lee, Alderman LovSir Edward Boynton, Col. Sandys, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Maynard, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Sir John Bramston, Sir Geo. Mr.

Wright, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir James Smith, Mr. Foote, Mr. Mallock, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Sir Cop. Col.

Edward Phelipps, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Richard Ford, Sir John Holmes, Mr. Finch, Sir John Gore, Mr. Potvie, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Frederick, Sir John Knight, Mr. Boscowcn, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir Wm. Thompson, Mr. Morrice, Sir Sir

Wm. Doyley, Sir Lane. Lake, Col. Sir Baynham

Throgmorton, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Walker, Mr. Pri-deaux, Mr. Stowell, Sir Coventrey, Mr. Spry, Sir John Rolls, Col. Phillipps, Mr. Oke/y, Mr. Sir Robert Holmes, Sir John Elwayes, Lord Morpeth, Sir John Holland, Sir Tho. Hatton, Sir Sir

Lionel Walden, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Dalmahoy, Sir Trevor Williams, Lord Gorge, Mr. Weld, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Lord Pepis, Lord Cavendish, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Apprees, Sir Clarke, Lord

Hawley, Mr. Neale, Sir Richard Grahme, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Lord Allington, Mr. Mountague, Col. Palmer, Sir John Bamaby, Sir Edm. lord Longford, Mr.

Wright, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Edward Hungerford, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Sawyer, Vox.. IX.

Ordered, That the Bill concerning repairing Yarmouth Yarmouth Pier be read on Wednesday next. Pier.

An ingrossed Bill for better securing the Liberty of the Liberty of Subject, w as read the Third time. the Subject.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better securing the Liberty of the Subject: And that Sir John Knight do carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, Committees, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunee, 26° die Mart, 1677*

SI R Thomas Armstrong this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy at the Clerk's Table, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Serjeant Maynard reports from the Committee to Simony, which the Bill concerning Simoniacal Contracts, was committed, some Amendments agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, and alterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

5 K Resolved,

4 o6

26° — 2j* Martiu

1677

Resolved, See. That the agreed to, be ingrossed.

Avrbrty’t

Estate.

Stan dish’* Estate.

Writ for

burning

Heretics.

Bill, with the Amendments enter into a speedy and strict Alliance with the Confederates.

That a further Address be made to his Majesty; giving him an Assurance, That if, in pursuance of the Address presented to his Majesty from both Houses, his Majesty shall find himself necessitated to enter into a War, this House will fully aid his Majesty from time to time, and assist him in that War: And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Sir Geo. Dawning, Sir Cacentrey, Sir Nico. Carezv, Sir

Mr. Sawyer, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Hen. Mr. Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Lee,

Colonel Byrch, Sir Tho. Littleton, Lord O Brian, Sir A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment Eliah Harvey, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Secretary Williamson, of the Debts, and raising a Portion for the younger Mr. Garwy, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir John Trevor, or any Daughter, of Mr. Standish, was read a Second time. five of them, to prepare and draw up the said Address:

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Roger And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Bradshaw, Lord Ancram, Sir JVm. Lawlher, Sir Tho. Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wright reports from the Committee to which the Bill to enable Herbert Awbrey, and his Trustees, to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, one Amendment agreed to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:. Where the same was again twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendment agreed to, be ingrossed.

Woodcock, Mr. Clarke, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Knight, Sir JVm. Doyley, Sir John Mallett, Mr.

Sir John Trevor, Mr. Henley, Mr. Robinson, Mr. mondley. Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Guy, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Cha. JVhe Sir John

Sir Fran. Clarke, Mr. Morris, Mr. Williams, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Tho. Zee, Captain Sherrard, Mr. Mallett,

Ordered, That all Committees, which were appointed Committee!, to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir sham and Sir John Franklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you

William Bever- Bills s*"1,

from Lords.

down Four

Sir Antho.Irby, Sir Fran. Rolls, Col. Byrch, Mr. Chelwyn, Bills; one intituled, An Act for the better Payment of Sir John Bramston, Sir Fran. Russell, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Church Rates, small Tythes, and other Church Duties,

Progers, and all the Members of this House that serve and for the better Passing of Church Wardens Accompts; for the several Counties of Lancashire, Cheshire, and another intituled, An Act for Preservation of the Fishing Northumberland, and for the several Cities and Boroughs in several Rivers of this Kingdom; another intituled, An of the same: And they are to meet this Afternoon, an Act to enable Sir Edzcard Hungerjord, Knight of the Bath, Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are to make Leases for Years, o in the

impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Strand, in the Parish of Martin s hi the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and of certain Houses and Tene-

A Bill to take away the Writ De hceretico comburendo was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill be committed to Sir John Mallet, Mr. Weld, Mr. Garvey, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir

John Knight, Sir John Berkenhead, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Col. Birch, Mr. Eyres, Sir John Bramston, Mr.

Boscozven, Sir Lionel Walden, Mr. Marvell, Col. Titus, Sir

Trevor Williams, Sir Nico. Cary, Mr. Grahme, Sir Hum.

Forester, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Love,

Sir John Trevor, Mr. Mallett, Sir Richard Ford, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Sazoyer, Mr. Harbord, Mr.

Williams, Captain Price, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Richard Grahme, Sir Rowland Barkley, Sir Fran. Russell, Sir Antho. Irby, Mr. Chetzvyn, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Lane.

Lake, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, and all the Gentlemen of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to

meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send Naturalization of Peter Renew, and others, was read, for Persons, Papers, and Records. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

ments thereunto adjoining; and the other intituled, An explanatory and supplemental Act for the better enabling Sir Francis Compton to make Sale and dispose of the Manor of Hamerton, or any Part thereof in the County of Huntington: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 27° die Martii, 1677. f\RDE RED, That the Bill tendered, touching the i-ord

Payment of the Lord Wentworth's Debts, be now admitted; and read on Thursday Morning next, the first Business.

Wentworth's

Estate.

Renew's,&c,

Nat.

Irish Cattle. An Explanatory Bill to prevent the Importation of Foreign Cattle was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

for the Yeas, 140.

116.

T^lWu Jsir John Talhott, \

’ {Colonel Byrch, J

Tellers fSir Hen'Goodrich, 1 f , N

AeUers’ [Mr. Gowre, J IOr the Woes’

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the explanatory Bill to prevent the Importation of Foreign Cattle.

Supply Bill , Mr. Solicitor General delivered in a Bill, according to Excise. the Order of the House, for Continuance of the additional

Excise: Whichwas read.

Alliance with The House then proceeded upon the Debate of the Confederates. ^[0^on for a further Address to his Majesty, to

25

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Squibb'* enable the Sale of certain Lands in White- Eslate’

church in the County of Dorsett, lately belonging to Lawrence Squibb Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir John Moreton, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Lord Ashley, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. JVhColonel Gilby, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Mallet, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr.

Lewis, Sir John Holland, Mr. Eyres, Mr. CulUford, Mr. Maynard, Sir John Heath, Mr. Mr. Williams,

Sir John Mallett, Mr. Chetzvyn, Colonel Titus, Mr.

Henley, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir Wm. Doyley, Mr. Crowch, Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir Rog. Bradshaw, Colonel Wanklyn, Mr. Bowerman, Mr. Foote, Colonel Legg, Sir Lionel JValden,

Sir John Newton, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir John Berkenhead, Colonel Phelipps, Sir Jtoffr. Shackerley, Mr. Wist-phaling, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Mr. Wright, Dr. Arris, Colonel Kirby, Major Broxhdme, Sir Wm. Hartopp, Sir Robert Dillington: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And they are to summon and hear the Parties concerned; and to examine the Matter of Fact; and tp take

' care

29 Car. II.

27° — 28° Martii.

Stamford

Election.

55t

lit

Educating Children of Royal

Family, 6cc.

care of the contingent Remainders; Mid that the Surplus of the Purchase Money be disposed to the Heir: And they are also impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion being made. That the Petition of Mr. Hatcher, High Sheriff of the County of exhibited

to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, setting forth, that he is duly elected for the town of Stamford in the said County; He having himself returned Henry Howell Esquire, as duly elected for the said Town;

Resolved, &c. That the Petition of Mr. , High

Sheriff of the County of Lincolne, exhibited to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the Town of Stamford within the said County, be rejected.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for further securing the Protestant Religion, by Education of the Children of the Royal Family therein; and providing for the Continuance of a Protestant Clergy; was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers, Morris,} 88'

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Colonel Byrch, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Williams, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Wm. Doyley, Sir Trevor Williams, Colonel Gilby, Sir John Robinson, Mr. John Wright, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Morris, Mr.

407

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Mallet reports from the Committee to whom the Writ for Bill to take away the Writ De fu comburcndo, was burning committed, an Amendment, agreed by the said Com- I,eretic*-mittee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the BUI, with the Amendment agreed to, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for Payment of the Debts of Lord Charles late Lord Viscount Kilnturrey, and for raising Kilmurrey’s Portions for his younger Sons, was read the Third time.

And the Amendment of the Mistake of a Sum in the Preface being moved, and, upon the Question, agreed to, and thrice read;

Resolved, 8cc.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Kilmorey; and for raising of Portions for Byron Nedham and Charles Ned ham, Two of his younger Sons: And that Sir John Birkenhead do carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, and Assistants, Silk and

and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery ot Woolen T , J, J J Manurae-

Weavers, London, was read. turfgi

Resolved, 8cc. That a Committee be appointed to consider the Matter of the Petition; and also of Ways and Means for the Encouragement of Home-made Silk, and Woolen Manufactures; and to prevent the Importation of them from Foreign Parts; and to prepare and brimr in a Bill to that Purpose: And that it be referred to Sir Geo.

Thynne, Sir John Hanmer, Sir Cha. Cottercll, Mr. Gamy, Sir Mallet, Mr. Sir John Frederick,

Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Nico. Carew, Sir Chr. Lord Mr.

Clarke, Sir Fran. Laxdcy, Mr. Pepys, Sir John Knight, Mr. Robert Wright, Mr. , Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir

Phil. Warwick, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Mr. Marvell, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Lewis, Sir Trevor, Lord Ashley, Sir John Ernie, Sir Wm. Hickman, Mr. Sir Tho.

Doleman, Sir Fran. Clarke, Mr. Finch: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Exchequer Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Iiish Cattle. Resolved, See. That it be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the explanatory BUI to prevent Frauds and Abuses in importing Cattle

stands committed, to consider, whether the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle shall be made perpetual, or be repealed; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Papists not to sit in Parliament.

A Bill to hinder Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to the same Committee to whom the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery stands committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mr. Papillot), Sir Gilbert Gerard, Sir Sir

Richard Ford, Sir Edward Masters, Mr. Spry, Mr. Wil-

hams, Sir Cha. IVheeler, Mr. Boscowen, Sir Wm. Doyley,

Sir Wm. Blackett, Mr. Crowch, Sir John Moreton, Mr.

Robert Wright, Mr. Sawyer, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho.

Clargis, Captain Jones, Mr. Morris, Sir Edm. Bowyer,

SirCha. Harbord, Colonel Byrch, Mr. Eyres, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Tho. Bhiaworth, Mr. May,

Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Wm. Thompson, Alderman Love, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Tho. Estcourt, Mr. Head: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House then, according to Order, resolved into a Irish Cattle Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the explanatory Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in importing Irish Cattle; as also to consider, whether

the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Cattle shall be made perpetual, or be repealed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Deering reports from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the explanatory Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in importing Irish Cattle was, referred; and also the Consideration, whether the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle shall be made perpetual, or be repealed; That the Committee had agreed upon a Vote; which is as followeth:

Resolved, 8cc. That the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle shall be made perpetual.

And further reports, That the Committee had taken the said BUI into their Consideration; and had returned the same without any Amendment; and had likewise

Compton’*

Estate,

Mercurn, 28* die Martii, 1677.

*jtOHNDavall, Isaac Testard, Anthony Costeile,

J and Henry Pelat, this Day took the Oaths of Alle-

giance and ] Supremacy at the Clerk’s Table, in order to agreed upon a Clause to be added to the said Bill, to make T i ' the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle

perpetual: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

The Vote of the said Committee being read;

The Question being put, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Cattle shall be made perpetual:

The

their several Naturalizations.

A BUI, sent from the Lords, intituled, An explanatory and supplemental Act for the better enabling Sir Francis Compton to make Sale and dispose of the Manor of Hamerton, or any Part thereof, in the County of Huntington, was read.

Vol. IX.

4 o8 28* — 290

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

TeU} *-« Y'"> -9.

Teller».{|£ jftSr, } for the Noes, 91.

And so it was resolved in die Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle shall be made perpetual.

The Clause to be added to the said Bill for making the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Cattle per-

petual, being read, was, with an Amendment, made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed unto.

Resolved, <&c.That the said Bill and Clause, so amended, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Reports of the further Address to de err . be made to his Majesty, as also of the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

Dorsett Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Dorsett, in the room of the Lord Digby, called up to the House of Lords.

Corse Castle Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant

'Vr't- to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Castle in the County of Dorsett, in the room of Sir Ralph Banks, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

— 30 ° Afartii. 1677.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in the said Address;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Which said Address is as folio weth:

May it please Your Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled, do, with unspeakable Joy and Comfort, present our humble Thanks to Your Majesty, for Your Majesty's gracious Acceptance of our late Address; and that Your Majesty was pleased, in Your Princely Wisdom, to express Your Concurrence in Opinion with Your Two Houses, in reference to the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands: And we do, with most earnest and repeated Desires, implore Your Majesty, that You would be pleased to take a timely Care to prevent those Dangers that may arise to these Kingdoms, by the great Power of the French King, and the Progress he daily makes in those Netherla?ids and other Places: And therefore that Your Majesty would not defer the entering into such Alliances as may attain those Ends.

And in Case it shall happen, that, in pursuance of such Alliances, Your Majesty shall be engaged in a War with the French King, we hold ourselves obliged, and do, with all Humility and Chearfulness, assure Your Majesty, That Your most loyal Subjects shall always be ready, upon the Signification thereof in Parliament, fully, and from time to time, to assist Your Majesty with such Aids and Supplies, as, by the Divine Assistance, may enable Your Majesty to prosecute the same with Success.

All which we do most humbly offer to Your Majesty, as the unanimous Sense and Desire of the whole Nation.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, be desired to know his Majesty's Pleasure when this House may attend upon him.

Lord

Wentworth's

Estate.

Address for Support in case of War.

Jon’s, 29° die M, 1677-

ABILL for the further and better Satisfaction of the Creditors of Thomas, late Earl of Cleveland, and

Thomas Lord Wentworth, his Son, both deceased, was

read.

The Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divide.

The Y eas go out.

Tellers,

Sir Winston Churchill, \ , Y Mr. Pott le, J for the Yeas’ 10*>'

Tellers,

Sir Wm. Smith, j . XT

Mr. Progers, j for the Noes, , 24.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to whom it was referred, to draw up a further Address to his Majesty, pursuant to the Vote of this House; whereby it was resolved, That a further Address be made to his Majesty, giving him an Assurance, that if, in pursuance of the Address presented to his Majesty from both Houses, his Majesty shall find himself necessitated to enter into a\Var, this House will fully aid his Majesty from time to time, and assist him in that War, an Address drawn up: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table: Where the same being again twice read;

A Motion being made, That the Address be re-committed;

The Question being put, That the said Address be recommitted.

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

CZ$]PWk’ }f»r Yeas, m.

Teller JSir Trent Williams, 1for theNoes,

tellers,|Mr Mortice, f,or the INoes’ ‘31-

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, Committee*, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Supply Bill; Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee budding of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for his & ups' Majesty's Supply for Building Ships.

Resolved, See. That the Committee, to whom the post- Ditto, poned Clauses in the Bill for his Majesty's Supply was referred, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon: And do take into their Consideration the said Clauses, according to the former Order.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. , Ledbury

and Sir Edward Low; Vicarage.

Mr Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Augmentation of the Vicarage of Ledbury in the County of Hereford; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° die Marin, 1677.

ORDERED, That the Test of that Afternoon, in Private Bill*.

which the House shall be appointed to attend his Majesty with their further Address, be set apart for Dispatch of private Bills.

A Bill for Continuance of Two former Acts for pre- Northern

venting Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of Border*-

England, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time:

And that the former Acts be then brought in, and read,

if it be found necessary.

J A Bill

29 Car. II. 30* — 3 i°

409

Duties on Diamonds,

Awbrey’s

Lstate

A Bill for laying an Imposition on rough Diamonds, and other Commodities, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Downing, Sir JVm. Lowther, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir JVm.

Blackett, Sir John Knight, Sir E Mr. Love, Mr. Morris, Sir Jos. Tredenhum Mr. Eyres, Sir John Pettus, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Robert Mr. Spry,

Mr. Crouch, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Col. Byrch,

Sir John Bramston, Lord O Brian, Sir JVm. Col.

Sandys, Sir Edm. Jennings, Sir Irby, Sir Hen.

Sir Edzcard Hungerford, Capt. Price, Sir Mr.

Cheney, Mr. Jollijfc, Captain Jones, Colonel Mr.

Harrison, Sir John Loud her, Sir John Knight, and all that

serve for the Port Towns: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, at Two of the Clock: And it is referred to the same Committee, to consider of an Imposition on these Goods and Merchandizes imported; Pimento, or Jamaica Pepper, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, and all Sorts of Woollen Manufacture not particularly rated in the Book of Rates of the Customs; and Copper ready for Battery, and Cotton Yarn; and also of an Imposition upon the Commodities following exported; Brass and Iron Ordnance, Iron Shot, and Copperas: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Herbert Aubrey, and his Trustees, to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Herbert Azvbrey, and his Trustees, to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts: And that Mr. Wright do carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Settlement made by John Coke Esquire, deceased; and for altering a Trust in Part of the Estate of Robert Coke Esquire: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to proceed upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply building to build Ships. 8h, Ps*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee of the whole House, That they had made some further Progress in the said Bill; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would resolve again into - a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed upon the said Bill for his Majesty’s Supply.

Resolved, See. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply for Building of Ships.

Mr. Secretary JVilliamson acquaints the House, That King ap-

his Majesty had appointed this Afternoon, at Four of points to b* the Clock, to be attended by this House with thdir further atien e Address, at the llanqueting-house in

Ordered, That Sir Robert Kempchave Leave to go Leave of into the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the postponed Supply Bill Clauses in the Bill for his Majesty's Supply was referred, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow Morning, at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And that all other Committees be adjourned.

Preservation An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An

of Fishing. Act to preserve the Fishing in several Rivers of this Kingdom, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Hangerford’* An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An

Estate. Act to enable Sir Edward Hungerford K night of the Bath to make Leases for Years of Hungerford House in the Strand, in the Parish of Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex', and of certain Houses and Tenements thereunto adjoining; was read.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Northampton An ingrossed Bill for settling a Maintenance for the Minister. Vicar of AllhaUou'S in the Town of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling a Maintenance for the Vicar of Allhallowcs in the Town of Northampton: And that the Lord O Brien do carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Preventing Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to whom

Popery. the Bill to prevent the Growth of Popery, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the said Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in ids Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being again twice read, were, with an Amendment made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That, the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Writ for An ingrossed Bill for taking away the Writ De lucre-

Heretics *,c0 comburendo, was read the Third time.

e And an Amendment being, upon the Question, agreed

to; and made at the Table;

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to take away the Writ De comburendo: And that Sir Trevor do carry up

the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Coke’* A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Beversham

state* and Sir Edward Lowe;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to supply the Defects in a Deed of Voi. IX.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbat i,31° die Martii, 1677.

INFORMATION being given to the House, and Privilege of a Letter being produced from Sir a Member in

Member of this House, who now lies sick at his House a Smt* in the Country, of a Breach of Privilege committed against him, by delivering several Declarations in Ejectment, to evict him from his Estate, during this present Session of Parliament, by Richard Jones and JVynne, At-

torneys at Law;

Resolved, Scc. That Sir Francis JVenman shall have his Privilege of Parliament allowed him: And that all Proceedings upon the said Ejectments be stayed, dining this Session, and Privilege of Parliament.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Richard Jones and Jenkyn JVynne be summoned to attend this House, to answer their Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Francis JVenman, a Member of this House.

Sir Henry Foi'd reports from the Committee to which Berkely’* the Bill for enabling Trustees to sell Lands lor Payment Estate of the Debts of Thomas Berlecly Esquire, w as committed,

That the Committee had summoned and heard all Parties, and examined the several Particulars to them referred; and had returned the Bill, with some Amendments: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again tw ice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to which Children of the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for na- Kn8ll®{1 Sub turalizing Children of his Majesty’s English Subjects, born ^ect*" at* in Foreign Countries during the late Troubles, was com- 1 mitted, some Amendments to be made, and a Proviso to be added to the Bill: Which wrere twice read; and the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso, read the Third time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, writh the Amendments and Proviso, do pass: And that the Bill be returned to the Lords: And Sir Gilbert Gerard is to carry it up.

5 L A Petition

a

4io

3i Martil — 2* Aprilis.1677.

Petition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of St. Martins in the St. Martin’s Fields, in the City and Liberty of ,was read,

in the fields. Resolved \&c. That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the Petition; and to summon the Inhabitants of St. Martins, and other Persons concerned;

and report the State of the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And it is referred, to Sir Tito.

Clergis, Sir John Knigkt, Colonel Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Tho.Littleton, Sir John Trevor, Sir Jos.

Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Ashbundiam, Lord Sir Hum.

IVijnch, Sir CyrilWych, Sir John Bennett, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Colli ngwood, Colonel Titus, Air.

Boscoxcen, Mr. Wright, Sir Anih. Irby, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. C Air. Williams, Sir Court-

ney Poole, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Tho. Meres, Lord Clifford, Mr. Waller, Sir FulkeLucy, Mr. May, Mr. Sir Winston Churchill,

Air. Howard, Sir Trevor Williams, Captain Jones, Sir John

Barnaby, Sir William Doylcy; and all that serve for the City of Westminster, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fire in Sir Thomas Clergis reports from the Committee to

Southwarke. whom the Hill for erecting a Judicature in Southxvarhc, was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made, and a Proviso to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were asjain twice read: And the several Amend-. merits (saving that for the constituting the Persons for tire Judicature) were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Knights that serve for the County of Surrey have Leave to present Names, to be joined to those already named for the J udicature.

And a List of Names being accordingly presented; and twice read; was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That one of the Lords the Judges be always of the Quorum in the said Judicature: And that the Bill be so amended.

The Question being put, That the Proviso be added, and made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments before mentioned, be ingrossed.

Private Bills. Ordered, That the House w ill sit on Monday next, in the Afternoon, for the Dispatch of such private Bills as are now depending.

Committee Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of of Elections. Sections and Privileges, be heard on Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had made a considerable Progress in the said Bill; and hoped to finish the same at their next Sitting: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would resolve again into a Committee of the whole House on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, further to proceed’ upon the said Bill.

Resolved, See. That this House will, on Tuesday Aforn-ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply for Building of Ships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Aloming next, at Eight of the Clock.

Lima, secundo die Ap1677.

* nn HIS Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and JL Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to prevent unnecessary Suits, and to regulate Regulating Abuses, and limit the Number of Attorneys, was read the Attorneys. Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed.

A Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to pre- Frauds ami vent Frauds and Perjuries, was read the Second time. Perries.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir Jon a.

Trelaxvney, Mr. Spry, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Nieo. Pedley, Mr. Love, Sir Win. Sir Cha.

Wheeler, Mr. Sawyer, Sir John Newton, Mr. Serjeant Soys, Sir Antho. Irby, Mr. Boscowen, Sir Pedley,

Sir John Mallett, Mr. Eyres, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir Cha.

Harbord, Colonel Byi'ch, Sir Tho. Clargis, Sir John Coventrey, Mr. Perwle, Sir John Dawney, Mr. May, Sir Edward Harlow, Sir John Knight, Mr. Whittaker, Air.

Chetuyn, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Edward Decring, Mr.

Hopkins, Sir Tho. Bloodzeorth, Mr. Serjeant Maynard,

Mr. Williams, Sir Edm. Jennings, Sir Eliah Harvey,

Air. Westphaling, Alaster of the Rolls, Sir,

Mr. Hall, Sir Fran. Russell, Sir Air. Stock-

dale, Sir John Bramston, Sir Edward Baynton, Sir John Moreton, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Gilbert Gerrad, Mr. Saclievcn’ll, Mr. Devoreux, Colonel

Sandys, Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Culliford, Sir Trevor, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Kobe: And the said Bill first read, to prevent unnecessary Suits, and to regulate Abuses, and limit the Number of Attorneys, be referred to the same Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Inner Court of Wards:

And they arc impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sam\ne’s,&c.

Estate.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Bevcrsham

and Sir John Francklyn;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands, for the raising of Aloney to pay the Debts of John Samine Esquire, Sir Roger Cooper Knight, and Cecill Cooper Esquire, deceased; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

TophB

Recusants.

Another Alessage from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Rainsfordand Lord Chief Justice North:

Air. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Conviction and

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir William Bevcrsham, and Sir John Franklyn;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, Incestuow intituled, An Act to prevent incestuous Afarriages; to Marriage* which they desire the Concurrence of this House;

And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they Lord May-have agreed to the Amendments and Proviso of this Mrd sEstaU-House to the Bill for rectifying a Alistake in a general Settlement of the Lord Maynard, upon the Marriage of his Son.

Supply Bill;

building

Ships.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining the Piers of Great Yannoati Yarmouth, was read a Second time. ^ien*

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Prosecution of Popish Recusants; to which they desire Coventrey, Sir John Hobart, Sir Harbord, Sir Geo. the Concurrence of this House. Downing, Mr. Corey, Sir Robert Holmes, Sir John Knight,

Sir Baynton, Sir John Holland, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Sam. Bamardiston, Sir Thomas Air. W

whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for his Majesty’s ling, Sir Tho. Bloodzeorth, Colonel Byrch, Serjeant Seys,

Supply.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee. Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. May, Mr. Williams, Sir Wm. SirC/w. Wheeler,

Sir John Talbott, Mr. King, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Wm. Blackett, Sir John Emile, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Anih. Irby, Sir Geo. Reeve, Mr. Eyres, Air. , Sir

15 John

&JT

2p Car. II.

2 ApriliS411

John Pettus, Sir Edm. JFindham, Sir John Berkenhead, Resolved, See. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Sir Tho. Stringer. Sir John Trevor, Mr. Wright, Mr. That Sir Robert Holt, a Member of this House, now Linfeild, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Prisoner in the Fleet, and taken in Execution, out of

Mallet, Mr. Maynard, Sir Eduard Deering, Sir John Privilege of Parliament, be not discharged from his Im-Cuccntrey, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir John Rolls, Sir Wm. prisonment, by virtue of the Privilege of Parliament. Howard, Sir Tho.Meres, Serj. Maynard, Sir John Mallctt, Resolved, 8cc. That it be reported, That the Outlawry

and all that serve for the several Counties of Norfolke, after Judgment is another good Cause why Sir Robert Sujfolke, and Essex; and for the Cities and Boroughs of Holt ought not to be discharged by Privilege of Par-

Supply Bill; Excise.

Bribery »t Elections.

the same Counties: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wai ds: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to revive and continue a former Act, for an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to whom it was referred to consider of the Paper, containing a Vote against Drinking and Bribery, at Elections of Members to sit in Parliament, for a further Instruction to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, That the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration; and had filled up the Blank therein with the Words, " Ten Pounds;" and also, that the Committee had agreed the said Vote or Resolve concerning the same: Which, being delivered in at the Clerk's Table, and there read, was, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as followeth;

Resolved, tkc. That if any Person hereafter to be elected into a Place, for to sit and serve in the House of Commons for any County, City, Town, Port, or Borough, after the Teste or the issuing out of the Writ or Writs of Election, upon the Calling or Summoning of any Parliament hereafter, or after any such Place becomes vacant hereafter in the time of Parliament, shall by himself, or by any other On his Behalf, or at his Charge, at any time before the

liament.

The Question being put. That this House doth agree with the said Committee;

The House divide.

The Noes go out.

FOTtbeYe"' 57-

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That Sir Robert Holt shall have the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, Sec. That Sir Robert Holt be delivered out of the Custody of the Warden of the Elect, to attend the Service of this House.

Resolved, &c. That Sir Robert Holt be delivered from such Custody, by sending the Serjeant at Anns, attending this House, with the Mace, to bring him to the Service of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock, Afternoon.

JLmue, 2° A prills, post meridiem.

A BILL, sent from the Lords, for Naturalization of Renew’*, (<, Peter Renew, and others, was read the Second time. Nat. Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr.

Day of his Election, give any Person or Persons, having Voice in any such Elections, any Meat or Drink, exceed- Mr. Collingreood, Mr. Spry, Mr. Collins, Sir

ing in the true Value Ten Pounds in the Whole, in any Downey, Sir John Sir Col.

any

Place or Places, but in his own Dwelling House or Plabi-tation, being the usual Place of his Abode for Six Months last past; or shall, before such Election be made and declared, make any other Present, Gift, or Reward, or any Promise, Obligation, or Engagement, todo the same, either to any such Person or Persons in particular, or to any such County, City, Town, Port, or Borough in general; or to or for the Use and Benefit of them, or any of them; every such Entertainment, Present, Gift, Reward, Promise,

Obligation, or Engagement, is by this House declared to be Bribery: And such Entertainment, Present, Gift,

Reward, Promise, Obligation, or Engagement, being duly proved, is and shall be a sufficient Ground, Cause, and Matter, to make every such Election void, as to the Person so offending; and to render the Person so elected incapable to sit in Parliament by such Election: And hereof the Committee of Elections and Privileges is appointed powered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, to take especial Notice and Care, and to act and determine Ma tters coming before them, accordingly.

Resolved, kc. That the said Order against excessive

Drinking at Elections, be a further Instruction to the Committee of Elections: And that it be from time to time entered amongst the constant and standing Powers and Instructions given by the House of Commons to the said Committee.

Sir Geo. Downitig, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir John Pettus, Mr.

Maynard, Mr. Wynne, Sir Sam. Mr,

Bennet, Major Broxholme, Sir Baynam Throgmorton, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Eyres, Sir Tho. Williams, Mr. Bower-man, Sir Hen.Ford, Sir Glib.Gerard, Mr. Gwynne, Mr.

Marvell, Capt. Jones, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Ayliffe, Sir Robert Dillin Mr. Mallelt, Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Norton, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Nico. Pcdley, Sir Fred. Hyde, Sir Tho. Allen, Serj. Maynard, Sir Jona. Trelawny, Sir John Mr. Wright, Mr May, Sir John Burnaby, Mr. Maynard,

Mr. Herbert, Capt. Price, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Fran. Clerke, Col. Wanklyn, Mr. LoveSir Tho. Meres, Sir John Covert, Mr. Foote, Sir Fran.Russell, Mr. Finch: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are im-

A Bill to enable Francis Brend to sell Lands for raising Brend’* Portions for the Daughters of Thomas Brend, his elder Estate. Brother, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Harbord, Mr. Crowch, Mr. Bennett, Capt Price, Sir Norton, Sir John Knight, Sir John Mallett, Serj. Maynard,

Sir Wm.Bassett,'SwEdward Hungerjord, S'wCha.Wheeler,

Pririlege — a Member liberated from Prison.

Sir Thomas Meres further reports from the Committee Mr. Roberts, Sir Bamardision, Mr. Hyde, Sir Adam r" ’ ’ ' BSir Sir Mr.

Sir Antho. Irby, Sir Pcdley, Sir John Covert, Colonel Norton, Mr. Wright, Sir John Elwayes, Mr. Lewis, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Trelaxcney, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Culliford, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Dalmahoy, Sir 7 'ho. Hatton, Sir Gilb.Gerard, Sir Lane. Lake, Sir

of Elections and Privileges, to whom the Matter of Sir Robert 7/o/CsCase, a Member of this House, was referred, being detained Prisoner in Execution in the Fleet, and thereby hindered from attending the Service of this House; and to search Precedents in the Case; That the said Committee had taken the same into their Consideration;

and had searched several Precedents (which he opened); Russel, Capt Sir Wm. Terringham, Col.

and had also agreed two Votes or Resolves to be reported Lord Longford, Capt. Jones, Sir CJir. Mr. Wil-

to the House GWhich he read in his Place; and after- hams, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Barnaby, Mr. Wright, wards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Bowerman, Mr. Mr.

the same were again read, and are as followeth; viz. And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Vol. IX. Clock

a0 April.

A. 1677;

Westminster Court of Conscience.

412

Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And M, Mr. Herbert, Sir Bay. Throckmorton, Sir are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Elzvayes, Mr. Powle, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Sir Phil.

Warwick, Sir Robert Southwell, Mr. Col.

Merchant’s A Bill for settling the Estate, and Payment of the Byrch, Sir Hugh Owen, Mr. Wright, Sir Wm. ’lerring-Estats. Debts, of Henry Merchant, a Lunatick, was read the ham, Sir Lake, Sir Robert 1 homas, Mr

Second time. Mr. Williams, Sir Pettus, Sir John Sir

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Jos. Mr. Neale, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Roberts,

Allen, SivAntho. Irby, Sir Edward Masters, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Mallett, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr.

Mr; Westphaling, Sir John Knight, Serj. Maynard, Sir Eyres, Mr. Finch, Sir John Mr. Spry, Sir

Bayn. Throgmorton, Sir Edward Harloxe, Mr. Hyde, Sir Ford, Sir Cyrill Wych: And all that come are to have Geo.Downing, Sir John Norton, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Voices: And they are to summon and hear all Parties con-Dawney, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Mallett, Sir John Pet-cerned: And to meet on IF next, at Two of the

tus, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. Cull ford, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And Crowch, Mr. Wright;Capt. Price;Col. Norton, Col Byrch, are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Bramston, Sir Sam.Barnardis-

<o«, Sir Geo. Reeeve, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Sir Edm.Bowyer, A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for con- Cirencester

Sir Robert Thomas, Capt. Price, Sir Fran.Clarke, Sir Gilb. firming an Agreement concerning the Execution and Re- Writ*.

Gerard, Mr. Price,§\t John Birkenhead, Mr. Daniel, Mr. turn of Writs, within the Seven Hundreds

Collingwood, Sir Rog.Bradshaui, Sir John Trevor, Sir Cha. in the County of was read the Second time.

Wheeler, Mr. Neale, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Rob. Cordell: Resolved, &c.That this Bill be committed to Mr. Powle,

And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Mr. Crowch Sir John Pettus, Mr. Whorz Sir John ~ Sir Hanmer, Sir Sir

Bowyer, Sir John Knight, Mr. Harbord, Mr. JSIorris, Sir Irby, Capt. Price, Sir Edward Mr.

Dalmahoy, Mr. Walker, Sir Tho. Sir Gilbert

Gerard, Col. Mr. Sir Lane. Lake, Mr.

Eyres, Sir Bay. Throgmorton, Col. Byrch, Sir Edward Harlow, Mr. Marvell, Sir Masters, Sir Tho. Allen,

Sir Wm. Sir Gilbert Talbott, Mr. Lee, Serj.

Seys, Mr. Mallett, Sir Trevor Sir Eliah Har-

vey, Sir John Cotton, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties of Glocester and and for the Cities and Boroughs of the same Counties:

cor IVHliams, Sir Tho. Clargis, Sir John Berkenhead, Col. And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Two

Titus, Sir Tho. Lee, Col. Phillipps, Sir Cha.Wheeler, Sir of the Clock, in the Chamber: And are impowered to

Bayn. Throgmorton, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Nidi. Pedley, Sir send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Rob. Southwelll, Mr. Reeve, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Westpha-

ling, Serj. Maynard, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Edward An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Hungerford’* Hungerford, Sir John Cotton, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Act to enable Sir Hungerford Knight of the Bath Estate.

Newton, Mr. Dalmahoy, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Goring, Mr. to make Leases for Years of Ilungcrjorcl House in the Sawyer, Mr. Finch, Mr. Grimston, Sir Wm. Harvard, Col. Strand, in the Parish of St. Martins the Fields in the Werden, Mr. Morgan, Mr. G wynne, Lord Cavendish, Sir County of Middlesex; and of certain Houses and Tene-Tho. Stringer, Mr. Boreman, Mr. Wright, General Ash- ments thereunto adjoining; was read the Second time.

burnham, Sir Jona. Trelawny, Mr. Hall, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Resolved, &c. That this Bill he committed to Mr.

Spry, Mr. Neale, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Jus. Tredenham, Sir Crowch, Sir John Mallett, Sir Lane. Lake, Col. Byrch,

Tho. Estcourt, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir Hanmer, Sir John Talbott, Sir Knight, Sir

Lord Longford, Mr. Danyel, Sir John Mallett, Sir Rich.John Rolls. Mr. Spry, SirC Harbord, Mr. IVHliams, Sir

Grahme, Sir Adam Browne, Col. Legg, Col. Strode, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Edward Harloxe, Mr.

KingsmillLucy, Mr. Marvell, Sir Fran. Clarke, Mr. So- Sir Hen. Ford, Dr. Arras, Mr. Mallett, Lord 0 Brian, Sir licitor General, Sir Stephen Fox, Sir Cupel Luchin, Sir John Bay.Throgmorton, Sir Geo.Hungerford, Sir

Werden, Sir Allen Apsley, Sir Edward Mansell, Sir Tho. Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Eyres, Sir Pettus, Mr. Tre-Williams, Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir John Moreton, Mr. liar- Sir Giles Hungerf ord. Mr. Sir

vey, Serj. Seys, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Grahme, Mr. Sir Rolls, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir

Linfeild, Six John Trevor, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Fran.ham, Mr. Linfeild, Sir John Covert, 'Sir Eduard Masters, Russell, and all that serve for the City of Westminster: Sir John Barnaby, Col. Sir Courtney Poole,

And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Capt. Price, Sir Mr. Hall, Sir Bas-

Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber: And Mr. Mr. Sir Trevor Williams, Sir

they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Mr. Mr. Major.

Records. Cornwall, Sir John and all the Members of this

House that serve for the several Counties of Wilts and

in^ossed Bui,^sen^ from the Lords, ^intituled, An Middlesex, and for the City of Westminster: And they

C V 1 T 1 ’ are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the

Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the City and Liberties of Westminster, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Warwick, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir E Sir Sir Cha. Harbord, Col. Byrch, Mr. Crowch, Sir Tho. Meres, Colonel Sandys, Sir Rob. Mr. Eyres, Sir

Edward Harlow, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir John Frederick, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Poxvlc, Sir Rob. Barnham, Sir Hickman, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Mr. WMr. Sir Tre-

Bedell’t

Estate.

Moreland’s

Pumps.

Act for the Vesting of certain Manors and Lands of ward Bedell, of Woodrising in the County of Norfolke, Esquire, in certain Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts and for raising of Portions for Diana Bedell, Isabella Bedell, and Anne Bedell, Infants, Daughters of the said Edward Bedell; and for such other Children as shall hereafter be begotten by the said Edward Bedell, on the Body of Isabella his now Wife; was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for allowing Sir Samuel Moreland the Benefit of

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Compton’s Explanatory and Supplemental Act for the better en- Estate, abling Sir Francis Compton to make Sale and dispose of the Manor of Hamerton, or any Part thereof, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Cha.

Pumps and Water Engines, by him invented, was read Harbord, Sir Jos. Sir Giles Hungerford, Maj.

the Second time. Cornwall, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Mr. Capt.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Price, Mr. Wistphaling, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Daniel, Vaughan, Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Treby, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Morris, Mr. Mallett, Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir Cop. Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Bamfeild, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Lionel Walden, Sir May, Col. Sandys, SlrLanc.Lake, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Serj. Lake, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir John Barnaby, Sir

Gerard,

Coke’s

Estate.

ICelshall

Charities.

Ledbuiy

Vicarage.

Samine‘s#(Src.

Estate.

Augmenting

Vicarages,

kc

39 Car. II.

2® — 3® — 4°

4i3

Gerard, Colonel Gilby, Colonel Strode, Sir Tho. Stringer, perused the Order and Directions of the House; and.

Major Broxholme, Lord Bulkely, Mr. Spry, Sir Richard upon hearing all Parties concerned, and Examination

Corbett, Colonel Wanklyn, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. of the whole Matter, had returned the Bill without any Allen, Sir Fran. Clarke, Colonel Whitley, Dr. Arras, Mr. Amendment.

/f right, Sir John Newton, Sir Chr. Sir IVm. Hartopp, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Huntington, Cambridge, and

Northampton', and the several Boroughs thereof: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered tp send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to supply the Defects in a Deed of Settlement, made byjohn Coke Esquire, deceased; and for altering a Trust in Part of the Estate of Robert Coke Esquire; was read.

Resolved, See. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for settling certain Lands in Kelshall in the County of Suffolke, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir John Pettus, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edward Boynton, Sir ham, Sir Cha. Wheeler, LordAncram, Mr Mr. Cul-

liford. Sir Eduard Hungerford, Sir Harbord, Sir 7ho.

Clargis, Capt. Price, Colonel WerdColonel Vaughan,

Sir John Mallett, Colonel Wanklyn, Mr. Papillon, Mr.

Poote, Mr. Jay, Sir John Knight, Mr. Williams, Mr. West-

Ordered, That no Member of this House do, hereafter, Bills, &c. not takeoff from the Clerk’s Table any Bill; or Brief of a to be taken Bill; or the Journal Book; or be permitted to take Notes offtbe Iable-or Copies thereout, during the Sitting of the House, or Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Popish R«-more effectual Conviction and Persecution of Popish cussnts* Recusants, be read Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, touching Simoniacal Contracts, was Preventing read the Third time. Simony.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass,: And that the Title be, An Act, That the Successor may not be punished for the Simony of the Predecessor.

And Mr. Crowch is to carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Commissioners to take Taking Affidavits in the Country, was read the Third time. Affidavit*. Resolved, &c. That this Bill do pass: And that the Title

phaling, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Whorwood, be> An Act for lakinS of Affidavits in the Country, to be

Colonel Sandys. Sir John Trevor, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Tho. made use of in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Stringer, Sir Edward Harlmc, Mr. Morris, Mr. Buscmeen, Pleas> and Exchequer: And that Mr. Crou ch do carry up

Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Hugh *' 1 T> " " T r~ r

Owen, Mr. Rashlcy, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Suffolke and Nor-J'olke; and for the several Cities and Boroughs of the same:

And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for his Majesty’s shin*"8 Supply for building Ships. . P"

Mr- Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the

A Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Augmentation of the Vicarage of Ledbury in the County whole House, That they had made some further Progress of Hereford, was read. ‘ ’’ ' ’ ' '

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for the Raising of Money to pay the Debts of John Samine Esquire, Sir Roger Cooper Knight, and Cecil/Cooper Esquire, deceased, was read.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jquitib’s

isutt*

Mortis, 3* die , 1677-

MR. Crowch reports from the Committee to whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiastical Persons to small Vicarages and Curacies, was referred, some Amendments to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill: Which Amendments were twice read; and upon the Question, agreed to.

And the said Proviso was twice read: But the same being mistaken, was, upon the Question, withdrawn; and another Proviso tendered, and twice read; and, with an Amendment, made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed to.

And the Bill, with the Amendments, and Proviso, was read a Third time.

Resolved, Ac. That tire Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso, do pass; and be returned to the Lords.

And Mr. Croicch is to carry it up.

Mr. Mallett reports from the Committee to which the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Sale of certain Lands in Wintcrbo in the

in the Bill; and humbly moved from the said Committee,

That the House would resolve again into a Committee of the whole House, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to proceed further upon the said Bill.

To which the House agreed.

Resolved, &c. That this House will on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply for building Ships.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived which are Committee*, discontinued; and do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Twro of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight, of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40die Aprilis, 1677.

SI R John Trevor reports from the Committee to which Fines and the Bill for better Assurance of such as claim under *ecov(nefc ancient Fines and Recoveries, was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the said Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were again twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Edmond Windham the Knight Westminster Marshal, a Member of this House, be heard by his Conscience Counsel, at the Bar of this House, as to the Matter of ’

the Bill depending in this House, for erecting a Court

County o i Dorsett, lately belonging to Laurence Squibb of Conscience in the City and Liberties of

Esquire, was referred, That the Committee had carefully and his Interest as Knight Marshal.

Vox.. IX. 5 M Sir

4*4

Staudish’i Sir Thomas Stringer reports from the Committee to

ttUle’ which the Bill to enable Mr. Standisk and his Trustees to

sell Lands for Payment of His Debts, find for raising a Portion for his Daughter, was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Quin* . Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant boroug fit to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Kent, in the room of James Herbert Esquire, deceased.

Privilege — The House being informed, that Edward Clarke, a Stopping a Constable of the Parish of St. Martins the Fields, Coach.of Thomas Tompkins, John Samuell Ridley, and

Thomas Taylor, did riotously and scandalously stop the Coach and Horses, and beat and misuse the Coachman of Sir Robert Carr, a Member of this House, without any colour or pretence for the doing thereof, in Breach of the Privilege of this House; and that they do obstinately persist in Justification of such their Proceedings;

Ordered, That the said Edward Clarke, Thomas Tompkins, John Clavile, Samuell , and Thomas Taylor, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending tin’s Ilquse, for their Breach of Privilege, in riotously and scandalously stopping the Coach and Horses, and beating and misusing the Coachman, of Sir Robert Carr, a Member of this House.

l ord Mor- A Message from tire Lords, by Sir lVm. Bevcrsham ley’s tsutc. and Sir Miles Cooke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Mor ley and MounteagBaron of Rye, to make Sale

of the Manor of Farleton, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in Farleton in the County of Lancaster, for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you,

A lamenting That they have agreed to the Amendments and Provisoes, Vicarages, sent up from this House, to the Bill to revive and per-&c' petuate Augmentations made by Ecclesiastical Persons to

Lords desire small Vicarages and Curacies: And that the Lords de-Conicrence. sjre a Conference with this House, upon the Amendments and Proviso sent up with the Bill for naturalizing the Children of his Majesty’s English Subjects born beyond the Seas in the Time of the late Troubles, this Morning at Eleven of the Clock in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, 8ce. That this I louse doth agree to the Conference desired.

And the Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That the House had agreed to the Conference.

Bedell’* . A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Estate. Vesting of certain Manors and Lands of Edward Bedell, of Woodrising in the County of Norfolke, Esquire, in

certain Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for raising of Portions for Diana Bedell, Isabella Bedell, and Ann Bedell, Infants, Daughters of the said Edward Bedell, and for such other Children as shall hereafter be begotten by the said Edward Bedell, upon the Body of Isabella the said Edward Bedell his now Wife; was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Price, Mr. Crmvch, Mr. MountagueMr. , Sir Tho.

Allen, Mr. Wright, Sir Edward Hungerford: Sir Lionell Walden, Sir John Hanmer, Mr. Sir Irby,

Dr. Arris, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Eyres, Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir Edward Masters, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Giles Hungerford, Mr. May, Sir Mr Sir

John Mallett, Serjeant Seys, Sir Mr.

Sir John Ernie, Mr. Weld, Sir Tho. Colonel

A. 1677.

Howard, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Daniel, Sir Sir Wm. Glascock, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Sir Allen Broderick, Col. Werden, Col. Wanklyn, Sir Trevor Williams,

Sir Jotta. Trelawny, Sir John Trevor, Sir Fran. Compton,

Sir John Barnaby, Mr. Bennett, Sir Rob. Hoxcard, Serjeant Pedley, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Tregonwell, Sir

Bennett, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Tuft on, Sir Werden,

Mr. Williams, Major Cortrwall, Sir Tho. Williams, and all the Members of this House, that serve for the several Counties of Norfolke, Huntington, Northampton, and Cambridge, and for the several Cities and Boroughs of the same Counties: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock in the Inner Court of Wards: And they are to examine the Matter of Fact; and summon and hear the Parties concerned: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whereas a Bill came down from the House of Lords, Popish Re-intituled, An Act for the more effectual Conviction and cusants. Prosecution of Popish Recusants;

Upon the reading the said Bill; and opening the Substance thereof to the House; it appeared to be much different from the Title: And thereupon the House,

Nemine contradicente, rejected the same.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Trevor, Sir Members 1* Gha.Wheeler, Sir Hen.Ford, Col. Mr. ^eto"‘

Mr. Sawyer, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Richard Temple, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir,

Harvey, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Williams, do attend, and manage the Conference with the Lords, in the Painted Chamber, agreed to this Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for suppressing the Growth of Popery, Preventing was read the Third time. Popery.

Resolved, upon the Question, Nemine contradicente,

That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for suppressing the Growth of Popery: And that Sir John Trevor do carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 5° Aprilis, l6?7-

pEter Raoul and Adrian van Scthis Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for the better Recovery of small Tythes, was Recovery of read a Second time. Tythes.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. hams, Sir John Knight, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Crozcch,

Sir Tho. Alien, Sir Richard Ford, Mr. Clarke, Sir Cha.

Wheeler, Sir John Brampston, S'irCha. Harbord, Sir Mallett, Mr. Spry, Mr. Daniel, Sir Cary, Sir Rolls, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Wm. Bassett, Sir Pedley,

Sir Edward Masters, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Cotton,

Sir Henry Ford, Mr. Wynn, Sir Fran. Clarke, Sir Jona. Trelawny, Mr. Morris, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mallett, Sir John Lmcther, Sir Edward Dcering, Major Sir

Rolls, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Collingxcood, Mr. Nico. Carcw,

Sir John Talbott, Sir John Berkenhe Dr. Arras, Mr. Papillon, Sir Richard Everard, Lord O Brian, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Wright, Major Linkfeild, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir John Barnaby, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Jay, Mr. Love, Captain Jones, Sir Wm.Doyley, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Col.

Wanklyn, Sir John Pettus, Sir Tho. Proby, Mr.

Sir Richard Franklyn, Colonel Kirby: And all that come

are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court > of Wards: And are impowered to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

The House then proceeded upon the Proviso, brought Earl of Mas-in to be made Part of the Bill to enable Robert Earl of iq

4® — 50

29 Car. II.

5" — 6° — 70 Jprilis.

4i5

Manchester to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts; and for settling other Lands of a greater Value, in lieu of those appointed to be sold.

And the same was twice read: But not being full enough;

Ordered, That it be referred to Serjeant Maynard, Serjeant Pedley, and Mr. William, to withdraw, and amend the said Proviso.

Irish Cattle. An ingrossed Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses in importing Irish Cattle, was read the Third time.

- A Proviso being tendered to be added to the Bill; and thrice read;

The Question being put, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

\J!*£!rh }

[Mr. Duncombe, }

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another enacting Proviso being tendered to be added to the Bill; and thrice read; was, upon the Question,

132.

Tellers, [J'r-

for the Yeas, 115. for the Noes, 108.

agreed to.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass; The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

j- for the Yeas,

i Vlt«

Tellers.

rn I. _ fSir T Lee, e ei s, j^gjr j0/m

144.

/Sir Richard Temple, S> /Sir John Cotton,

«nCol Slffi!’} f°'Yeas,

tfSgZ* } for he Noes, 90.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in to repeal the Two Laws prohibiting the Importing foreign Cattle.

Resolved, &c. That it be a limited Importation.

Resolved, &c. That it be w ithout any Imposition.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Persons following, to prepare and bring in a Bill accordingly; Lord OBrian, Colonel Byrch, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Clarke, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Berkenhead, Sir

Mr. Gower, Sir John Hotham, Mr.* Mr

Sir John Talbott, Mr. Weld, Sir TLee, Mr. Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Robert Holmes, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Jona. Trelawny, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Downing,

Mr. Marvell, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Chr. Musgrave,

Mr. Switifen, Mr. Hambden, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir

Mallett, Sir John Trevor, Mr. MalleMr. Williams, Sir

John Burnaby, Sir John Cary, Sir John Holland, Mr.

Palmes: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committees. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock-

155.

j- for the Noes,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That the House be now adjourned;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

}f-‘h‘Noes, .44.

Jfor theYe.,

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Laws prohibiting the Importation of foreign Cattle;

The Question being put, That this House will resolve into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of repealing the Laws prohibiting the Importation of foreign Cattle;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Thlprc Collingwood,

’{Mr. Leveson Gower,

rr* fSir Courtney Poole,

Tcl, ers'lMr. Clarke, J ,ur 1Noes> '3»- Sabbati, T die Aprilis, 1677.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That this Debate be adjourned f\R That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Newarke

till Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Wnu

Writ for the Election of two Members to serve in this present Parliament, for the Corporation of Neicarke in the County of Nottingham.

| for the Yeas, 97. j- for the Noes, 138.

Veneris,6* die Aprilis, 1677.

23 E SOLVED, See. That this House do now resolve Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, further to building proceed upon the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply for build- ’^s' ing Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had ordered him to report the same at the first Opportunity.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for his Majesty’s Supply for building Ships be heard Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

The House divide. The Yeas go forth.

J for the Yeas, for the Noes,

1 IS-

131*

TrUerc fLord Cavendish,

leUers’{Mr. Palmes,

Tellers ° Brian,

’{Sir John Ha timer,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Candles be brought in;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tollers /Sir John Hobart,

tellers, \$ir John Trevor,

Tellers /S!r Bobart Thomas,

’ (Sir Edm. Jennings,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question, being put, That a Bill be brought in, to repeal the Two Laws prohibiting the Importing of foreign Cattle;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Vox.. IX.

J for the Yeas, 130. J for the Noes, 109.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have returned you the Bill, Lord Kilmo-intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Charles re/s late Lord Viscount Kilmorey, and for raising Portions for Byron Ncdham, and Charles Nedham, two of his younger Sons, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill for Na- David’s, &c-turalization of Jacob David and others; and the Bill on Nat* the Behalf of Mr. Awbrey, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by the former Messengers; Bills sent Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills; 1-<J1 ds>

one intituled, An Act for the ascertaining and establishing of the Interest of the Lord and Copyhold Tenants of the

Manors

7* —

416

Manors of West Derby and Wavertree, in the County Pa-

latine of Lancaster, in relation to their Fines and Commons; and the other, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Trade of Tobacco-pipe-making: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking of Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, without any Amendment.

Supply Bill; Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the building whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the lp*' Bill for his Majesty’s Supply for building of Ships, several Amendments agreed by the said Committee to be made, and Clauses to be added, to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read.

And the several Amendments belonging to the First Sheet, being read a Second time, w ere, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

And the First Amendment of the Second Sheet, relating to the Easing of the City of , being read a

Second time;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in this Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth.

Tellprs /^*r Wm. Th, 1 r *.1 p Yeas 1 K'l

J ’(Aklemiail love, j ,or ’ 53'

Tellers, Mr Rfert n"s’ } for tire N

’[Mr. Leveson

A. 1677,

neral shall act as a Commissioner in the same County, and twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments,

Clauses, and Provisoes agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees, which wrere to sit this Committm. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock.

toes.

86.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Commissioners Names for the several Counties, and Cities, and Towns, being read, were, with some Additions made at the Table, agreed to.

And the rest of the Amendments to Folio the 6th, Line 14th, where the Clauses marked A, B, and C, were to be inserted after the Word " required," being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Clause marked A, being read a Second time;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee In this Clause;

It passed in the Negative.

The Clause marked 13, being read a Second time, was, <ipon the Question, agreed to.

The Clause marked C, being read a Second time;

The Question being put, That the Committee has proceeded regularly in bringing in the said Clause;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, to the Amendment Folio 24, Line 16, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

And the said Amendment in Folio 24, Line 16th, being read a Second time;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the rest of the Amendments, ^md Clauses, agreed by the said Committee to be made, and added to the said Bill, wrere, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso being tendered to be added to the Bill, touching the Four hundred Pounds per to be

taken off from London, and added to Westminster and Middlesex, and twice read, w'as, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Clause being tendered, to indemnify Commissioners appointed by any former Act for Supply, and read:

The Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second time;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tpiw /Sir John Rolls>

tellers, |Mr Williams,

rr , fLord Ancram,

Tellers, {.Mr.Sawyer,

And be it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause being tendered, That no Receiver Ge-

j- for the Yeas, 72. j- for the Noes, 96.

Lima, 9* die Aprilis, 1677.

y

Prayers.

SI R John Malet reports from the Committee to whom Compton'* the Bill, sent from the I.ords, intituled, An Explana- Estate, tory and Supplemental Act, for the better enabling Sir Francis Compton to make Sale and dispose of the Manor of Hamerton, or any Part thereof, in the County of Huntington, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill, and heard all Parties; and returned the Bill without any Amendment.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be agreed to.

Mr. Eyres reports from the Committee to whom the Hungerford’* Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir k5tat*. Edu ard Hungerford Knight of the Bath to make Leases for Years of liungerford Jiouse 'in the Strand, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields in the County of Middlesex; and of certain Houses and Tenements thereunto adjoining.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Sir Charles Harbordreports from the Committee to Yarmouth

whom the Bill for repairing Yarmouth Pier, was com- f>ier* mitted, some Amendments agreed by the Committee;

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were again read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir John Talbot reports from the Committee, to whom Recovery of the Bill for the better Recovery of small Tythes, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Whe e the same were again read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Tho. Meres reports from the Conference had with children of the Lords, upon the Proviso sent up to the Bill which English sui* came from the Lords, for naturalizing such Children J*cts of his Majesty’s Subjects, as were born beyond the Sea during the time of the late Troubles, the Lords Reasons for dissenting from the Proviso of this House.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in rejecting the Proviso;

The House divided,

Tiie Yeas go forth.

Tellers,-^; g"'y’ } for the Yeas, 93.

Tellers'{ilrn 'lliy, } for the Noes, 83.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House have agreed with them in rejecting the Proviso: And Sir GilbertGerrard is to go up to the Lords with the Message.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Francklyn;

Mr,

2p Car. II.

9° — 10° Apr ills.

Bills sent from Lords.

417

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, twice read; and, with an Amendment made at the Table intituled, An Act for Impowering and Licensing of Pro- upon the Question, agreed; and is as lolloweth: testant Strangers and Foreigners to exercise their Trades,

__4.:___I r i a

Duke of Norfolke.

Supply Bill;

building

Ships.

iki

in the Places mentioned in this Act: And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill for settling of a Maintenance on the Vicar of AIhallawes in Northampton, without any Amendment

Ordered, That the Report of the Address, concerning the Duke of Norfolke, be heard Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for his Majesty’s Supply for Building Ships, was read the Third time.

And some Amendments being made at the Table;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Two-pence Halfpeny, for the speedy Building Thirty Ships of War: And that Sir John Trevor do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

May it please Your Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in this present Parliament assembled; having, at the Petition of divers Commoners, greatly concerned in the Preservation of the Life and Estate of the Duke of Norfolke, entered into Consideration of the present Condition of the said Duke; and, upon solemn Hearing of Counsel on both Sides, and Examination of several Witnesses before the House, having found that the said Duke is a Lunatick; and hath been so for many Years past; and during all that Time to have been kept in Parts beyond the Sea at Padua, under the Dominion of the State of Venice; notwithstanding his Condition is such, as we conceive, that he may be safely and conveniently, and to the great Benefit of his Person (considering his Distemper) be removed thence int do most

humbly beseech Your Majesty, That you would graciously

1- - 1 _ ^,) A. A* I _ A. DL 1 I 4* 1*4 A rl

be pleased to take-some effectual Course, that the said And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Duke may be speedily brought over into this Kingdom;

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 10* die , 1677.

that thereby he may be more immediately under Your Majesty's Care: Which will be not only to the great Comfort and Relief of the said Petitioners, but the general Satisfaction of Your Majesty’s Subjects; who think themselves, and all others in whom they are concerned, most safe and secure under your Majesty’s Royal Protection.

ltencu’*;

Nat.

See

SIR John Pettus reports from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for Naturalization of Peter Reneu Ordered, Thai such Members of the House, as are of and others, was committed, several Amendments, agreed his Majesty’s Privy Council, do present the said Address by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which being to his Majesty, twice read at the Table; and, upon the Question, seve-

rs

rally agreed;

The Bill, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to: And that Sir do carry

up the Bill to the Lords.

Earl of The Proviso, brought in, by Order, to the Billon the

Manchester's Behalf of the Lord Manchester, was twice read; and, Estale* upon the Question, agreed; and read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Proviso, do pass: And that the Title be agreed to: And that Sir John Pettus do carry up the Bill to the Lords: And also, the Biils on the Behalf of Sir Francis Compton and Sir Edward Hungerford.

A Bill for continuing the additional Duty of Excise, Supply BUI was read the Second time. Excise.

A Petition of several Brewers was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the same Committee.

The Question being put, That it be referred to the said Committee, to consider of a Clause to be added to the said Bill, for the Exportation of Corn;

7 he House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tll (Sir JVm. Port man,

e ers, |gjr p0fjeri Thomas,

np , (Lord O Brien, e ers’ (Mr. A

J for the Yeas, 87. j- for the Noes, 116.

Repair of Churches.

An ingrossed Bill for the better repairing of Churches, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment made at the Table.

I'he Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

«... / Sir Gilbert Talbot,

TeHerSjjgir JVm Hayward,

«. , (Sir Jos. Tridenham,

fellers, j Mr

Andso it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Repairing of Churches.

for the Yeas, 127. for the Noes, 85.

Gcry’i

Eiut*,

AAIkm

concerning Duke of Norfolke.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Francklyn;

Mr. Speaker, I’he Lords have sent you dowm a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Settling certain Lands belonging to William Gery, of Rushmead in the County of Bedford, Esquire, upon Trustees; to be sold for the Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Pctwle reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, that the Duke of Norfolke may be brought over into -England, an Address agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: "

VO L. IX.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock, to proceed upon the Bill for continuing the additional Duty of Excise;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Jeners’{tfjSirf } for the Yeos>

* N°"-

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the House do adjourn;

7’he House divide.

The Noes go forth.

rr-' ii (Sir Robert Southwell,) c XT

Tellereisir } the *«"

fr n (Sir Walter St. John, j . v TeUers’lS;r Rich.Om, j for the Yeas,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, 7'hat the House do now resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for continuing the additional Duty of Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, wup _ That the Committee had taken the said Bill into their

Where the same was again Consideration; and had agreed upon several Amend-

56.

110.

now

98.

60.

5 N

ments

418

i o® — 11® — i a®

A. 1677.

mentsto be made thereto: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being twice read, were, with some Amendments made at the Table, agreed to.

Resolved, That the 6ill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lord

Kilmoiy'*

Estate.

And the same, being in Writing, was delivered to Mr. Message Speaker; and by him twice read; and is as followeth;

Foreign Affair*.

Mercurii, 11* die Aprilis, 1677

THE Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Kilmory; and raising Portions for Byron Nedham and Charles Nedham, two of his younger Sons; were thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Yarmouth An ingrossed Bill for Repair... the Pier of Yarmouth, Pier. was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and maintaining the Pier of Great Yarmouth: And that Sir Wm. Coventry do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and do acquaint them, That this House have agreed to the Amendments to the Lord Kilmorreys Bill.

Fire in An ingrossed Bill for erecting a Judicature to deter-

Southwark. mine Differences touching Houses burnt and demolished by the late dreadful Fire in was read the

Third time.

A Proviso, for keeping the Market in the former Place, was tendered; and twice read.-----

Bills sent A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Low and from Lords. Sir John Francklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Laws of the Stannaries of Comewall and Devon, and Encouragement of Adventurers in Tin, and Preservation of his Majesty’s Revenue arising in and by the same: And have also commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill, sent from this House, to enable Thomas Barkeley Esquire, and his Trustees, to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children; and also to the Proviso, sent from this House, to the Bill on the Behalf of the Lord Manchester: And have commanded Conference us further to acquaint you, That they desire a present desired. Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Two-pence Halfpeny, for the speedy Building Thirty Ships of War.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Two-pence Halfpeny, for the speedy Building Thirty Ships of War.

The Messengers being called in;

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter desired by their Lordships.

Resolved, Sec. That Sir John Trevor, Mr. Ernie, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Edw. Sir Robert Carr,

Lord Cavendish, Mr. Serj. Sir Wm. Coventry,

Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Ernie, Sir Jos. Tri-denham, Lord O Brien, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Mr. Secretary Williamson, do attend, and manage the Conference.

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That he had a Message to deliver to this House from his Majesty:

anHIS Majesty having considered your last Address, lud finding some late Alteration in the Affairs abroad,

inks it necessary to put you in mind, That the only

Way to prevent the Danger which may arise to these Kingdoms, must be, by putting His Majesty timely in Condition to make such fitting Preparations, as may enable Him to do what shall be most for the Security of them. And if, for this Reason, you shall desire to tit any longer time, the King is content you adjourn now before Easter, and meet again suddenly after; to ripen this Matter, and to perfect some of the most necessary Bills now depending. Given at the Court at Whitehall, the Eleventh Day of April, 1677.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sir Tho. Meres reports from the Conference had with Conferenceon the Lords, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Five ^"PPfr BilL hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Two-pence Halfpeny, for the speedy Building Thirty Ships of War, some Amendments agreed by the Lords to be made to the Bill; with their Lordships Reasons for the same.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, after the Debate touching the Message sent from his Majesty. —

The Question being put, That the Proviso to be added Fire in to the Bill, for erecting a Judicature to determine Dif- Southwarlc" ferences touching Houses burnt by the late dreadful Fire in Southwark, be read a Third time;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers, jgj’ } for ,he Yea3'

Teller} for the Noes- 72'

So it passed in the Affirmative.

And the Proviso being read a Third time;

The Question being put, That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

IfflSS® } forth. Yea,. 7S.

1 the Noes, 78.

And Mr. Speaker declaring himself with the Yeas;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting a Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses burnt and demolished by the late dreadful Fire in Southwarke: And that Sir Adam Browne do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

.to

pH i!

I Hft

br-

Jarvis, 12* die April, 1677.

A BILL sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Coke’s supply the Defects in a Deed of Settlement, made Estate, by John Coke Esquire, deceased; and for altering a Trust in Part of the Estate of Robert Coke Esquire; was read the Second time.

A Proviso to be made Part of the Bill, was also twice read.

Resolved,

39 Car. II. ia’ — ij 419

Resolved, Ac. That the Bill, with the Proviso, be for the Safety of the Kingdom, they have provided a committed to Sir Francis Clarke, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Security of Two hundred thousand Pounds; and that Doctor Arras, Colonel Kirkby, Lord DwMayne, Mr. whatsoever of That Sum shall be expended accordingly,

Reeve, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. shall be by them reimbursed: And whensoever the Pos-Boreman, Sir Francis Lawley, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Crouch, tureof his Majesty’s Affairs shall require their Attendance Sir John Heath, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Neale, Sir in Parliament, they will be ready to aid and assist him, as Charles Wheeler, Colonel Wancklyn, Colonel Gilby, Lord the Nature of his Majesty’s Affairs shall require.

Lattimore, Sir Geo. Reeve, Sir John Fagg, Sir Tho. Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to draw Address

Stringer, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Sir Adam Browne, Sir John up an Address, pursuant to the said Vote of this House. th, rcon' Mallett, Sir Anth. Irby, Colonel Sandys, Sir John Talbott, And it is referred to Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Tho.

Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Henry Ford, Serjeant Maynard, Meeres, Mr. Secretary Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel

Mr. Buscawen, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Jay, Sir Cha. Byrc SxtCha. Harbord, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir

Harbord, Lord Obrian, Mr. Tufton, Sir Tho. Mumpessen, Birkenhead, Colonel Strode, Lord Cavendish, Sir Sir Wm. Wiseman, Sir Fran. Winnington, Sir John Ernie, Littleton, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Secretary Sir Wm. Tetringham, Mr. Spry, Sir Hugh Bethil, Sir Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Clargis, Mr. Sir

Wim. Glascokc, Sir John Bamaby, Sir John Knight, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Ernie, Lord O Brian, Sir John Wm. Doyley, Sir John Wright, Sir John Pettus, Sir Wm. Hotham, Mr. Mr. Sir

Blackett, Six John Hammer, Sir Hen. Puckering, Sir John Sir John Trevor, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Mallett; or any

Brampsion, Mr. Westphaltng, Mr. Ayres, Mr. Weld, Mr. Five of them: And they are to meet at Six of the Clock Gower, Mr. May, Sir John Robinson, Sir John Covert, Sir this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lewis Palmer, and all that serve for the Counties of Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, Norjolke, Suffolk, Essex, and Hcrford: And they are to prepare and draw up the Clause to be added to the Bill to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the for continuing the additional Excise, to enable his Ma-Exchequer Chamber: And are impowered to send for jesty to borrow Two hundred thousand Pounds, at Seven Persons, Papers, and Records. Pounds per Cent.

Frauds'and sir Charles Harbord reports from the Committee, to

egunes. which the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Perjuries, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which were twice read; and all, but the last Amendment (which was to make the Bill temporary) were, upon the Question, agreed.

And the Bill, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that Sir Henry Ford do carry the same up to the Lords.

Privilege — A Petition of Thomas Tompkins and Edward Clarke, Petition from now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of persons in Privilege, committed against Sir Robert Carr, a Member CU9 of this House, was read, acknowledging their Offence,

and begging Pardon of the House.

And being called in; and, upon their Knees, at the Bar, having a Reprimand given them by the Speaker;

Resolved, &c. That the said Thomas Tompkins and Edward Clarke be discharged, paying their Fees.

Bamestople A Petition of John Mwas read, complaining of Election. an undue Return made of Mr. Basset, to serve for the Borough of Barnestaple in the County of Devon, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected.

Resolved, Sec. That this Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter, and report it, with their Opinions, to the House.

Bills sent A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Lowe and from I/>rds. Sir John Francklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right 'honourable the Lady Mary Mordant to make Sale of her Interest in the Manor of Blechingly, and divers Lands in the County of Surry, notwithstanding lier Minority: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed with this House in the Amendments to the Bill for the Naturalization of Peter Renew, and others.

Resolutions The House then resumed the adjourned Debate upon on the King’s the Message sent from his Majesty to this House, essage. Resolved, &c. That a Clause be added to the Bill for continuing the Additional Duty of Excise, to enable his Majesty to borrow Two hundred thousand Pounds, at Seven Pounds per Cent.

Resolved, See. That the Thanks of this House be presented to his Majesty, for laying before them foe Majesty’s Sense of the Posture of Affairs abroad; and to let lug Majesty kiiow. That, in order to his Majesty's Preparations, in Pursuance of the Address of this House, Vor.. IX.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for Supply Bill: raising the Sutn of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand k">,ding Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Two- ips* pence Hallpenv, for the speedy Building of Thirty Ships of War, were read.

Resolved, Scc. That this House doth not agree to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That it be referred to those Members that did attend, and manage the Conference with the Lords, to prepare and draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords: And that Sir Richard be added to them.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow,

Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Veneris, 13° die Aprilis, 1677.

A BILL, sent from the Lords, to enable the Right Lady Mor-honorable the Lady Mary Mordant to make Sale dant’s Estate, of her Interest in the Manor of Blechingly, and divers Lands in the County of Surry, notwithstanding her Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Amendments sent from the Lords, to the Bill for taking away the Writ De hceretico w ere twice

read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, was read a Third time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee, to whom

it was referred to prepare and draw up a further Address to be presented to his Majesty, and the said Address agreed to by the said Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed to; and it is as followeth;

May it please Your Most Excellent Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, do, with great Satisfaction of Mind, observe the Regard Your Majesty is pleased to express to our former Addresses, by intimating to us the late Alteration in Affairs abroad; and 4a return our jnpst humble Thanks for Your Majesty's

gracious

Writ for

burning

Heretics.

Recovery of Tythes.

Address on

King's

Message.

4^0 i3° Aprilis.

gracious Offer made to us thereupon, in Your last Mes- demeanor committed by any of the Persons intrusted by sage: And, having taken a serious Deliberation of the this Bill; yet your Lordships are altogether improper to same, and of the Preparations Your Majesty hath therein take Cognizance thereof originally, or by way of In-intimated to us were fitting to be made, in order to these quiry, or otherwise than in a Judicial way: And although publick Ends; we have, for the present, provided a Se- your Lordships, in your Legislative Capacity, may have curity, in a Bill for an additional Duty of Excise; upon Right to require any Account, upon Record, to be brought which Your Majesty may raise the Sum of Two hundred before you, for your Information; which Privilege the thousand Pounds: And, if Your Majesty shall think fit Commons conceive your Lordships are not intitled to call us together again for this Purpose, in some Short thereby, in your Judicial Capacity, to proceed there-time after Easter; by any publick Signification of Your upon, unless the same had been brought regularly before Majesty’s Pleasure commanding our Attendance, we shall, you in a Judicial way: For that such an early Inquiry or at our next Meeting, not only be ready to reimburse Your Examination might prepossess and anticipate your Lord- Majesty what Sums of Money shall be expended upon ships Judgments, as to any Impeachment or Complaint such extraordinary Preparations as shall be made in pur- of the House of Commons against such Offenders; and suance of our former Addresses; but shall likewise, with consequently render the Account, reserved hereby to the most chearful Hearts, proceed, both then, and at all other Commons, to be of little or no Use for the Ends for times, to furnish Your Majesty with so large Proportions of which it was chiefly designed.

1 Assistances and Supplies upon this Occasion, as may give For that the Statute of the One-and-twentieth of King

Your Majesty and the wholeWorld anampleTestimonyof James before-mentioned did require such Accompt to be our Loyalties and Affections to Your Majesty’s Service; given to the Commons, not only in order to the Deter-and may enable your Majesty, by the Help of Almighty mining and Discharge of such Accompt, but also, and God, to maintain such stricter Alliances as You shall principally, for the Punishment of such Misdemeanors, have entered into, against all Opposition whatsoever. that Should be committed by any of the Persons intrusted

in the Receiving, Issuing, or disposing of the said Monies, Ordered, That such Members of this House as are as will appear by the very Words of the Act; all their of his Majesty's Privy Council, be desired to know his Dealings, Doings, and Proceedings, being made examin- Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended with the able and determinable by the Commons; and, in case of said Address. the Offence of a Commoner, to be imprisoned in the Tower

by the Commons; and, of an Offence by a Peer, upon Standi»h’s An ingrossed Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Presentment of such Offence by the Commons, to be im-Estate. Payment of the Debts of Edward Standish Esquire, was prisoned by the Peers; and, both in case of the Commons read a Third time. and Peers, to undergo such further Punishment as to

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Justice shall appertain, according to the Quality of the Title be, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Offence: Which clearly proves, that the said Act was not Payment of the Debts of Edward Standish Esquire. only to pass and discharge the Accompt, but for the

Punishment of Misdemeanors; and is a full and clear Pre-Lords Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee to whom cedent for the Commons in this Point: And as for the Act

Amendments it was referred to prepare and draw up Reasons for not of the Nineteenth of this King, they desire your Lordships

to. Supply agreeing with the Lords to the Amendments to the Bill for would observe, that That Act was only to erect a Com-

1 ’ raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand mission with extraordinary Powers, to take an Account of

Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Two- Monies that had been already given, and not made ac-

pence Halfpeny, for the speedy Building Thirty Ships of comptable by the Grants thereof to the Parliament: And

War, several Reasons agreed by the Committee: Which the Accompt only of the Commissioners Doings and Pro-

he read in his Place; and after, delivered the same at the ceedings therein was by them to be given to the King’s

Clerk’s Table: Where the same were Twice read; and, Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament; for their Infor-

upon the Question, agreed; and are as followeth: mation and Satisfaction; and so it is declared in the very

Preamble of the said Act: Which Precedent the Com-The Commons have desired this Conference, to pre- mona conceive not at all applicable to the Matter in hand, serve a good Correspondence with the House of Peers; They further offer to your Lordships, that the Grant and to offer such Reasons as have moved the Commons of all Aids to the King is by the Commons; and that to disagree with your Lordships, in those Amendments the Terms, Conditions, Limitations and Qualifications of that were sent dow n by your Lordships, to a Bill, intituled, such Grants have been made by the Commons only.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four And further, That, the Returning of such an Accompt thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two to the Lords, the Commons not only conceive it altoge-Shillings Two-pence Halfpeny, for the speedy Building the r improper for the Reasons aforesaid, in order to the Thirty Ships of War. Punishment of Offenders; but also as it may relate, in

First, To answ er such Reasons as have been offered by case of a good Disposition and Management, to the En-your Lordships at the last Conference, the Commons couragement of granting further or greater Aids to the observe, That your Lordships have founded most of your King, it doth properly belong to the Commons only; Arguments upon this Distinction; That where the Account since your Lordships do allow’, that such Aids can only of any Aid granted in Parliament hath been required by begin and be enlarged by the Commons, the said Acts to be made in Parliament, in order only to And, lastly, we find, That the Act of the One-and-the Auditing, Passing and Discharging of the said Account, twentieth of King James is not the first Precedent, that there it hath been reserved to the Commons only: whereby the Accompt of Monies given was reserved

But where the same hath been required, in order to the only to the Commons.

Examination and Punishment of any Misapplication or

Misdemeanor, There your Lordships conceive yourselves Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, equally, if not more eminently, intituled to such an Ac- upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference: And desired with count: And, by this Rule, you are pleased to construe that Sir Temple doth go up to the Lords to honk,

the Two Statutes of the One-and-twentieth of King James, desire the same.

and the Statute of the Nineteenth of Charles the Second, Sir Richard Temple acquaints the House, That the Cap. 9th, intituled, Accompts of several Sums of Money, Lords had agreed to a present Conference, in the Painted how to be taken: Which Distinction the Commons Chamber, as desired.

cannot in any ways allow: Nor will the same appear to Ordered, That those Members that did attend and be warranted by the said Statutes; for these Reasons; manage the former Conference, do attend and manage For that, though your Lordships have a Judicial this Conference.

Power vested in you, upon Complaint or Impeachment of Sir Thomas Meres acquaints the House, That they had the House of Commons, upon any Misapplication or Mis- attended; and had delivered the Reasons for not agreeing

to

1

29 Car. II.

13 — 14°

421

Supply Bill; Excise.

to the Lords Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act all Persons concerned therein; and examine the several for raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Settlements and Suggestions in the Bill; and state the Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Two- Matter of Fact; and report the same to the House: And pence Halfpeny, for the Speedy Building Thirty Ships are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, of War.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to An ingrossed Bill to continue the additional Duty of enable the Sale of certain Lands in Excise for Three Years, was read a Third time. church in the County of Dorsctt, lately belonging to

Sir John Trevor reports from The Committee to whom Lawrence Squibb Esquire, was read a Third time, it was referred to prepare and draw up a Clause, to be Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the added to the said Bill; to enable his Majesty to raise the Title be agreed to.

Squibl/g

Estate.

Bills sent from Lords.

Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, at Seven Pounds per Cent:; a Clause agreed by the Committee; Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the same being the re thrice read;

Resolved, See. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title \be, An Act for an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for Three Years: And that Sir John Trevor do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and do also put their Lordships in mind of the Bill, sent from this House, for suppressing the Growth of Popery.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Coolce and Sir John Frankclin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills; the one intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly culled Sunday; the other intituled, An Act for the more effectual suppressing of unlicensed Books and Pamphlets: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us further to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill for the Repair of the Piers of Great Yarmouth, without any Amendments,

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Stannary settling the Laws of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Law*. Devon, and Encouragement of Adventurers in Tin, and Preservation of his Majesty’s Revenue arising in and by the same, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, for appointing a Time for the Lindsey hearing the Matter concerning the Draining of Lindsey Level. Level, at the Committee to whom the Bill stands referred, after the Recess;

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining Lindsey Level stands referred, do sit Fourteen Days after the next Sitting of this House: And Summons is to be sent to all Parties therein concerned, then to appear.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Conference

on Lords Amendments to Supply Bill.

Observation of Sunday.

Incestuous

Marriages.

King appoints to be attended.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ah ingrossed Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for preventing incestuous Marriages, was read.

Resolved, Stc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary IVMiamson acquaints the House, That

it was his Majesty’s Pleasure, that this House Should attend him presently, at . Banquetting-house at Whitehall, with the Address.

And then the House adjourned till To-moiTOw

Morning,

Eiidit of the Clock.

O

Lady Mordant’s Estate

Sabbati, 14* die Aprilis, 1677-BILL, intituled, An Act to enable the

A

Right Honourable the Lady Mary Mordant to make Sale of her Interest in the Manor of- and

divers Lands in the County of Surry, notwithstanding her Minority, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Lord Longford, Serjeant Mainard, Sir Sir

Jr by, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Edw. Hunger ford, Sir John Hanmcr, Colonel Legg, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Lord Cavendish, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Ro Carr, Lord Ancram, Mr. Mallett, Sir Edxv. Deering, Sir. Wm. Lord

O Brian, Sir John Mallett, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Hamden, Sir Gilbert Talbott, Sir Court. Poole, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Buscowen, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Byrch, Sir John Barnaby, Mr. Francis Roberts, Mr. SackviU, Captain Price, Mr. Lew.

Mr. Dalmahoy, Sir GilbertGerrard, Sir Wm.

worth, Mr. Andrew Newport, Mr. , Sir Francis

Winington, Mr. Cholymulley, Mr. Neale, Col. Bassett: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And aye to send for . Vot. IX.

Sir John Franklin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments sent from the Lords, to the Bill for raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Twopence Halfpeny, for the speedy building Thirty Ships of War; concerning which Amendments the Two last Conferences were had.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to a present free Conference with the Lords, in the Painted Chamber, as desired.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them. That this House hath agreed to meet the Lords, at a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber, as desired.

Ordered, That the Members that did attend, and manage the former Conferences, do attend, and manage this free Conference.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the free Conference had with the Lords, That they had attended, and delivered their Reasons and Precedents.

A Debate arising in the House, whether the House Should adhere to the Bill for raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Ninehundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two ShillingsT wo-pence Halfpeny, for the speedy Building Thirty Ships of War, without Amendment;

Ordered, That such Members as did manage the free f>reC€de"t9 Conference, do search the Journals, for Precedents touch- ®<|J,|er*ng

ing Adhering to Bills. 1

And then the House adjourned till half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

Post Meridiem.

THE Question being put, To agree to the Amend- Lords ments sent from the Lords, to the Bill for raising the Amendment* Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred p y

Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Two-pence Halfpeny, for the speedy Building Thirty Ships of War;

TheTIouse divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers i?ir G-lbert Talbott,

' ’ [Mr. Mallett,

Tellers (Sir Eliah

’ \Mr. Neele

For the Yeas, 27.

J> For the Noes, 156.

And so it passed in the Negative.

5 O Resolved,

4*2

14* — 16*

A. 1677.

Bill* sent from Lords*

Squibb9*

Estate.

Resolved, See. That, upon the Report of what was offered at the last free Conference, the House of Commons cannot agree to the Amendments sent from the Lords, to the Bill for raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Two pence Halfpeny, for the speedy Building Thirty Ships of War.

Ordered, That such Members as managed the last free Conference, do withdraw; and consult together touching Reasons to be offered at a free Conference to be had with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference; and that Colonel Byrch and Sir Tho. Littleton be added to them.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Franklin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money upon Cobham House and Park: And have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed to the Bill for laying an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for Three Years, without any Amendment; and also to the Bill for erecting a Judicature, to determine Differences touching Houses burnt and demolished by the late dreadful Fire in Southwarke, without any Amendment; and likewise to the Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands, for the Payment of Debts of Standish Esquire,

without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Mattett do carry up the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Squibb, to the Lords.

Lady Mor- Mr. Mattett reports from the Committee, to whom the dant’s Estate, intituled, An Act to enable the Right Honourable

the Lady Mary Mordant to make Sale of her Interest in the Manor of Blechingle, and divers Lands in the County of Surry, notwithstanding her Minority, some Amendments agreed by the Committee.

An Exception being taken to the Report;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the former Committee.

Privilege.

Sir Edward Fleering reports from the Committee, to insolvent whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, was Debtors, committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being again twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved. See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir John Pettus reports from the Committee, to whom Kelshall the Bill for settling certain Lands belonging to the Parish Charities, of Kelshall in the County of Sujfolkc, to charitable Uses, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s . .: Where the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An LordMorley’i Act to enable the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Mor-. Estate* ley and Mounteaglc, Baron of Rye, to make Sale of the Manor of Farleton, in the County of Lancaster, for

Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

1 he Members that did manage the last free Conference Conference did attend and manage the free Conference desired by this on Lord* House, and agreed to by the Lords, on Saturday last, Amendment* upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference, upon uppljr the Amendments sent from the Lords, to the Bill for raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Twopence Halfpeny, for the speedy building Thirty Ships of War.

Sir Tho. Meeres reports from the free Conference,

That they had attended; and delivered their Reasons;

and had left the Bill with the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Observatioi Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, com- of Sunday, monly called Sunday, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

J for the Yeas, J for the Noes,

J02.

123.

Chcekr’s

m

Conference desired with Lord s.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege committed against Mr. Francis Finch, a Member of this House, by Robert Cressett Esquire, and one Robert Holmes, Under Sheriff of the County of Salop, and one John Mowsett, by threatening to turn out one John Phillipps, Tenant to the said Mr. Francis Finch, of the Possession of a Tenement by Force, if he would not attorn Tenant to the said Robert Cressett', and by setting up Rails against his Gates, so as his Cattle cannot have Passage into the Grounds belonging to the said Tenement;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions, to the House.

Mr. Finch delivers in a Bill, to Mr. Speaker, on the Behalf of Thomas Cheeke Esquire.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference: And that the Lord O Brim go np to the Lords ms M hav; considered the Ansirer of tWs

°rrfSlrr j °n eren?e* , jr T, . , u House to His last Message, about enabling Him to make

, T,'e V!l ?BAnan "TT j r rX’ Jh"he" fitting Preparations for the Security of thlse Kingdoms, attended the Lords; anddearerI«, free (.conference with find/b /At, hava , iiol Lmw

7i nMatteroftbo^*Conference: h/,dred tho J,d pound/upo, . Fund give, Him

Ami that the Lords had anted to .^Conference wifii for ,is Majest dMir£ therefore, the House

L MOr"'n& Te" of th<’ Cl0Ckl Should itnow, and He hopei they will always believe of

in the Painted Chamber. Him, XJwt ,ot mly na[}and, bidt»y other within I,is

And then the House adjourned till Monday Power, shall be engaged to the utmost for the

Tsaiw, /Lord Cavendish,

le, lerSjlMr. Neale,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Third time.

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That Message he had a Message from the King to this House: And the from the same, being in writing, was delivered to Mr. Speaker, and King’ n’ read to the House; and is as followeth; viz. Iargffr^rot«

of Credit.

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Aprilis, 1677-

Prayers.

Cobban*

Estate.

tien of His Kingdoms.

But, as His Majesty’s Condition is (which, He doubts not but is as well known to this House as to Himself,) He must tell them plainly. That, without a Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, or Credit for such a Sum upon new Funds, it will not be possible for Him to speak

A BILL to enable Trustees to raise Money upon or act those Things which Should answer the Ends of Cobham House and Park, was read the First time. 1 1 11 — -- — 1 1

Resolved, Sec.That the Bill be read a Second time.

their several Addresses, without exposing the Kingdoms to much greater Dangers.

JTv

ap Car. II. 16° Aprilis. — 21° Matt. 423

His Majesty does further acquaint them, That, having Expressions therein contained, for employing Your whole done His Part, and laid the true State of Things before Revenue, at any time, to raise Money for the Preserve- them, He will not be wanting to use the best Means for tien of Your Majesty’s Kingdoms, do find great Cause

1 a _ TT! _ I. 1^ _ _ T T a . 1' a ! *_ ± 4> X-« k I r 1 1% Ir/^ i mb 4 L-> n H 41 ri

Intimation

respecting

Adjourn-

ment.

Address on Message,

the Safety of His People, which His present Condition is capable of.

Given at the Court at Whitehall, the 16th Day of April, 1677.

Mr. Secretary Williamson further acquaints the House, That the King’s Meaning is, to make it only an Adjournment: And though his Majesty does not intend they shall actually meet again, so as to continue to sit, till some time in October; yet his Majesty resolves, after the present Recess, whenever it shall happen, to adjourn it, by Short Adjournments, between that and some time in October; that so he may still have the Parliament within Call, in case any new Occasion Should require.

A Debate being in the House touching an Answer to his Majesty’s last Message;

Ordered, That an Address be prepared to be presented to his Majesty, in Answer to his Majesty’s last Message, upon the Debates of the House: And that it be referred

to return our most humble Thanks for the same; and to desire Your Majesty to rest assured, that You shall find' as much Duty and Affection in us, as can be expressed by a most loyal People to a most gracious Sovereign. And, whereas Your Majesty is pleased to signify to us, That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds is not sufficient, without further Supplies, to enable Your Majesty to speak and act those Things which are desired by Your People, we humbly take Leave to acquaint Your Majesty, That, many of our Members being, upon an Ex- . pectation of Adjournment before Easter, gone into then* several Countries; we cannot think it Parliamentary, in their Absence, to take upon us the Granting of Money; but do therefore desire Your Majesty to be pleased, that this House may adjourn itself for some Short Time, before the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds can be expended, as Your Majesty shall think fit; and by Your Royal Proclamation command the Attendance of all our Members at the Day of Meeting: By which time we hope

prepare and draw up this Address.

And then the House adjourned till Five of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Lady Mordant’* Estate.

to those Members that drew up the former Addresses, to Your Majesty may have so formed Your Affairs, and fixed

..... Your Alliances, in pursuance of our former Addresses,

that Your Majesty may be graciously pleased to impart them to us in Parliament

And we no ways doubt, but, at our next Assembling, Your Majesty will not only meet with a Compliance in the Supply Your Majesty desires, but with all such Assistances, as the Posture of your Afluirs shall require: In Confidence whereof, we hope Your Majesty will he encouraged, in the mean time, to speak and act such Things, as Your Majesty shall judge necessary for attaining those

Post Meri

MR. Neale reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable

the Right Honourable the Lady Marti Mordant to r

make SPale of her Interest in the Manor of BIcdmskv,f 7?^ Tf, y fP "YourM*Jesty-and diver, food, in the County of \»rre, ,v.t, I, l,fl That such Members of this House, as are of

his Majesty s Privy Council, be desired to present the

and divers Lands in the County of Surrey, notwithstand-

ing her Minority, some Amendments agreed by the Com- ^ddress" to his iS nuttee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards J J

delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being twice read; were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

And the Bill, with the Amendments, being read a Third time;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to: And that Mr. Neale do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Secretary Williamson reports, That the Members, Answer to appointed to present the Address to his Majesty, had Address, waited upon his Majesty with the said Address: And that his Majesty did graciously accept thereof; and had considered the Time of the Adjournment; which the House Should know presently from the Lord Chancellor.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Edward Carteret, Message to

Bill sent from Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm.Beversham and Sir Miles Cooke;

Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend

attend the King.

Mr Speaker, The Lords have agreed to leave out Him immediately in the House of Lords.

Alt* A monnniontc fn tho Ittll tai* mminer tho loern

their Amendments to the Bill for raising the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings Two-pence Halfpeny, for the speedy Building Thirty Ships of \Vrar: And have likewise agreed to the Amendments sent from this House to the

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, being retured;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That it was his Adjourn- Majesty’s Pleasure the House Should adjourn itself to the nienu

Observation of Sunday*

Bill to enable the Right Honourable the Lady Mary One-and-twentieth Day o next. Mordant to make Sale of her Interest in the Manor of Blcchingley, and divers Lands in the County of Surrey, notwithstanding her Minority.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to: And that Mr. Szo 'uifen do carry back the Bill to the Lords.

And, accordingly, the House adjourned till the One-and-twentieth Day of May next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna,21* die 1677-

Address,

declining ft

(briber

Suppl/.

Sir William Coventry reports from the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare and draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, in Answer to his Majesty’s last Message, an Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, was with an Amendment made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as followeth;

May it please your Majesty,

YOUR Majesty’s most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, having considered Your Majesty’s last Message, and the gracious Vol. IX.

Praters.

AMOTION being made, That the House would Debate on take his Majesty’s last Message into Consideration; ltt»t Menage. The Message being read; and a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate of his Majesty’s last Message be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Wanant Sudbury to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury in the county of ,

in the room of Thomas Waldegrave Esquire, deceased.

Ordered,

Haverford West W fit-

Dorsett

Election.

Recalling Subjects t Erenek Service.

King ap« points to attended.

The Kimi Speech.

Addresses

thereon.

424 2i°- — 230- — 250 ^.1677.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant

to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Election ot a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of Haverford West, in the room of Sir Frederick Hyde lvnight, deceased.

A Petition of Thomas Browne Esquire, complaining of

a double Return made by the High Sheriff of the County of Dorsett, ot Sir Nathanael together with the

Petitioner, to serve in this present Parliament, aslvnight of the Shire for the County of , in the room of

John Lord Digby, now Earl of was read.

Resolved, See. That the Matter of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the same; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for 01 recalling his Majesty's Subjects out of the Service of the French King, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And that the Committee of Elections and Privileges do not meet Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Maii, 1677.

Prater s.

MR. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That His Majesty had commanded them to attend Him forthwith at the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Majesty: And, that to prevent Mistakes, his Majesty had set dow n in Writing what he was pleased to impart to the House: Which Mr. Speaker read; and is as followeth;

Gentlemen,

,’s IS ENT for you hither, that I might prevent those Mistakes and Distrusts, which I find some are ready to make, as if I had called you together only to get Money from you for other Uses than you would have it employed.

I do assure you, upon the Word of a King, that you shall not repent any Trust you repose in Me, for the Safety of My Kingdoms; and 1 desire you to believe, I would not break My Credit with you.

But as I have already told you, that it will not be possible for Me to speak or act those Things, which Should answer the Ends of your several Addresses, without exposing My Kingdoms to much greater Dangers; so I declare to you again, that I will neither hazard My own Safety nor yours, until I be in a better Condition than I am aide to put Myself, both to defend My Subjects, and offend My Enemies.

I do further assure you, that I have not lost one Day since your last Meeting, in doing all I can for your Defence; and I tell you plainly, it shall be your Fault, and not Mine, if our Securities be not sufficiently provided for.

Resolved, See.That this House do now resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Subject Matter of his Majesty’s Speech.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John 'Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee of the whole House, That they had agreed Two Votes or Resolves, to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were again twice read; and with an Amendment made to the last of the said Resolves, by adding thereto these Words, " and, when such Alliances are made, giving his Majesty Assurances of speedy 15

andchearful Supplies from time to time, for the supporting and maintaining those Alliances," w ere, upon the Question, severally agreed to: Which Votes, so amended, are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be made to the King, That his Majesty would be pleased to enter into a League, offensive and defensive, with the States General of the United Provinces; and to make such other Alliances with such other of the Confederates as his Majesty shall think fit, against the Growth and Power of the French King; and for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands.

Resolved, Kc.That a Committee be apppointed to draw up the Address, with Reasons why this House cannot comply with his Majesty's Speech, until such Alliances be entered into; and further shewing the Necessity of the speedy making of such Alliances; and, when such Alliances are made, giving his Majesty Assurances of speedy and chearful Supplies, from time to time, for the supporting and maintaining those Alliances.

And it is referred to Sir 2 A o.Mr. Col.

Byrch, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Capell, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Berkenhead, Sir Lee, Mr.

Sawyer, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Finch, Sir Robert Howard, Sir F.(heard Baynton, Sir John Trevor, Lord Sir

John Rolls, Sir Nico.Cary, Sir Phil

Sir IVm. Coventrey, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John'Ernie, Mr.

Secretary Williamson, Sir EliahHarvey, Mr.

Sir John I lot ham, Sir Tho. Id it let on. Sir Robert Carr,

Mr. Boscowen, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Mr.

Williams, Sir Tho. Ctcrgis, Col. Titus, Sir Francis Rolls,

Sir Robert Thomas, Sir llenry Ford, or any Five of them, to prepare and bring in the said Address: And they are to meet at Seven of the Clock this Evening, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Address be made on Friday Morning next, the first Business.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Petersfield to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament lor the Borough of Petersfield in the County of Southampton , in the room of Arthur Bold Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Warwick to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for " r't-the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wan rick in the County of War-

wick, in the room of Fulk Grecvile Esquire, now called up to the House of Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 25° die Maii,

SI R John Trevor reports from the Committee ap- Address on pointed by Order of the House on Wednesday last, King’s to draw up an Address, with Reasons, to be presented to his Majesty pursuant to the Vote then passed, for entering into a League with the States General of the United Provinces, and such other of the Confederates as his Majesty Should think fit; an Address, with Reasons, to be presented to his Majesty: Which lie read; and then delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read;

The Question being put, That the Words " offensive and defensive, with the States of the United "

be left out of the said Address;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

J For the Noes, 1S2.

And so it passed, in the Negative.

The

29 Car. II.

*5'

Matt.

4*5

Tire Question being put, To agree with the "Committee Should happen, Your Majesty would afterwards be neces- Address

M.T ___? J A t-----_ vibmAW «\/tnl\n.rvn ra-T-oVt arVA Allinn/tno AT* A nn<^ . K U1fr, R

on

fat the said Address;

It was resolved fa the Affirmative.

Which said Address, so agreed to, is as followeth:

May it please Your Most Excellent Majesty,

atated with -fewer, perhaps with no Affiances or Assis- King’s lances, to withstand the Power of the French King, which Speech’ hath so long and so successfully contended with so many and potent Adversaries: And, whilst he continues his

YOUfc Majesty*, rat Loyal and Duttfal Siiecte, ?ref!ss’ «"*1dangerous to to

the Commons, in krliamont, assembled, haring LmL gfc V? <Wress Th""

into their seriois Coosideratim. Yoor Matty’s fiacioo, Confederate tofore the rest could get together awl be in

- J- - so good a Posture of offending him as they now are, being

jointly engaged in a War: And if he Should be so successful as to make a Peace, or disunite the present Confe-

Speech, do beseech Your Majesty to believe it is a great AJfiiction to them, to find themselves obliged, at present, Jto decline the granting Your Majesty the Supply Your Majesty is pleased to demand; conceiving it is not agreeable to the Usage of Parliament, to grant Supplies for Maintenance of Wars and Alliances, before they are signified fa Parliament: Which the Two Wars against the States of the United Provinces, since Your Majesty’s

deration against him; is much to be feared, whether it would be possible ever to reunite it; at least, it would be a Work of so much Time and Difficulty, as would leave Your Majesty’s Kingdoms exposed to much Misery and Danger.

happy Restoration, and the League made with them'in v H,"n? !h".l '»?oh*r8^. °"r( D.0, V" ty? -Sry, M8,forftoserv.tio^Sa«W AbMWt v ft?7the th eatening Your Majesty and

sufficiently prove, without troubling Your Majesty »Rh Your aadthe only Remedy we can think of

Instances of gjreJtr Aotkpdty. Frol which ulage if we pand *cur"'8 "d 1"letm8 Mj"d»

Should depart, the Precede* might be of dangereSa Coo- of y°"r. "!"* 8 PeoP‘e; ""‘h "rae <» Rea-sequence To fatore Times; thoash Your Majesty's Good- wblch..ha’J "°'rad us to terner Admit give, os great Securiti during Your Majesty*. Re,; »" d"s jwerat humbly beseech Yoor

which we belech God kng to olttinw. This CoosidSa- to tto Matter ">to Your >s‘ s Con

tien prompted us, in oar fast Address to Your Majesty before our late Recess, humbly to mention to Your Majesty our Hopes, That, before our meeting again, Your Majesty’s Alliances might be so fixed, as that Your Majesty might be graciously pleased to impart them to us iu Parliament; that so our earnest Desires of supplying Your Majesty for prosecuting those great Ends we had humbly laid before Your Majesty, might meet with no Impediment or Obstruction; being highly sensible of the Necessity of supporting as well as making the Alliances humbly desired

fa our former Addresses: And which we still conceive so , c ,. , - - , -

important to the Safety of Your Majesty and Your King- SVch.-sPf1edy SW0*‘*<* Assistances, as may telly and doms, that we cannot, without Unfaithfulness to YoSr pteM'telly answer the Occasmns; and, by God s Ble^ing, Majesty, and those we represent, omit upon all Occasions presente Your Majesty s Honour, and the Safety of Your

humbly to beseech Your Majesty, as we now do, to enter e<^,e' ,. , . , -a. j a \r nr

into a League, offensive and defensive, with the States . whf " ,most humbly Emitted to Yoor Ma.

General of the United Provinces, against the Growth and J66 9 ^ea ls on1.

Power of the French King* and for the Preservation of the

Spanish Netherlands; and to make such other Alliances Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of with such otherof the Confederates as Your Majesty shall his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to know his Ma-think fit and useful to that End. In doing which, that no jesty’s Pleasure, when the House shall wait upon his

side rati on; and to take such Resolutions, as may not leave it in the Power of any neighbouring Prince to rob Your People of that Happiness which they enjoy under Your Majesty’s Gracious Government: Beseeching Your Majesty to rest confident and assured, that, when Your Majesty shall be pleased to declare such Alliances in Parliament, we shall hold ourselves obliged, not only by our Promises and Assurances given, and now with great Unanimity renewed in a full House, but by the Zeal and Desires of those whom we represent, and by the Interest of all our Safeties, most chearfiilly to give Your Majesty

when the House shall wait Majesty with the said Address, this Day agreed to.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, Privilog*. committed against Sir Thomas Clerg a Member of this

Time may be lost, we humbly offer to Your Majesty these Reasons for the expediting it:

I. That, if the entering into such Alliances Should draw

on a War with the French King, it would be least detrimental to Your Majesty's Subjects at this time of the House, by William an Attorney at Law, late

Year; they having, Now, fewest Effects within the Do- Under-Sheriff of the County of Bucks; by causing the minions of that King. Cattle of the said Sir Thomas Clergis to be distrained and

II. That though we have great Reason to believe the driven away; and for Speaking contemptuous Words, Power of the French King to be dangerous to Your Ma- against the Privilege of this House;

jesty and Your Kingdoms, when he shall be at more Ordered, That the said William Lawley be sent for, fa Leisure to molest us; yet we conceive the many Ene- Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to mies he hath to deal with at present, together with the answer jrhis Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Situation of Your Majesty’s Kingdoms, the Unanimity Thomas Clergis, a Member of this House, of Your People in this Cause, the Care Your Majesty

hath been pleased to take of Your ordinary Girard for the Sea; together with the Credit provided by the late Act, intituled, An Act for an additional Excise for Three Years; make the entering into and declaring Alliances very safe;

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, Ditto, committed against Peregrine Bartie Esquire, a Member of this House, by one Richard Campion; by pulling down the Scaffolds about the House of the said Mr. Bartie;

until we may, in a regular Way, give Your Majesty such and in saying, that the Members of this House were a further Supplies, as may enable Your Majesty to support Company of Rascals, to maintain their Privileges against Your Alliances, and defend Your Kingdoms. the People; or to that Effect;

III. Because of the great Danger and Charge which Ordered, That the said Richard Campion be sent for in must necessarily fall upon Your Majesty’s Kingdoms, if Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, through want of that timely Encouragementvand Assist- for his Breach of Privilege, committed against Mr. Pere-ance, which Your Majesty’s joining with the States of grine Bartie, Member of this House, the United Provinces, and other the Confederates, would

give them, the said States, or any other considerable Part of the Confederates, Should this next Winter, or sooner, make a Peace or Truce with the French King (the Preventation whereof hitherto must be acknowledged to be a singular Effect of God’s Goodness to us; which if it Vol. IX.

A Complaint bei^g made, that Mrs. Elixabeth Lloyd Ditto, had, the last Vacation, moved for, and procured an Order for vacating a Judgment long before obtained against her by Mr. Jri/liame, a Member of this House, during the time he was attending the Service of this House;

5 P Ordered,

Recalling Subjects from French Service.

King appoints to be attended.

Recalling Subjects from French Service.

The King attended.

Answer to Address.

426 25° — 26* — 28° Mail. — 16° Julii. — 3° A. 1677.

Ordered, That the Case of Mr. Williams and Mrs. Elizabeth Lloydhe. referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Ptxvle reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for recalling his Majesty's Subjects from the Service of the French King, was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the said Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were again twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 26* die Maii, 1677 - Prayers.

MR. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That it was his Majesty’s Pleasure, that the House Should attend him with the Address, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, at the Banqueting-house at Whitehall.

An ingrossed Bill for recalling his Majesty’s Subjects out of the Service of the French King, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Recalling of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects out of the Service of the French King.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

will appear in no Age (w'ben the Sword was not drawn) that the Prerogative of making Peace and War hath been so dangerously invaded. You do not content yourselves with desiring me to enter into such Leagues, as may be for the Safety of the Kingdom; but you tell me what Sort of Leagues they must be, and with whom: And, as your Address is worded, it is more liable to be understood to . be by your Leave, than your Request, that I Should make such other Alliances as I please with other of the Confederates. Should I suffer this fundamental Power of making Peace and War to be so far invaded (though but once) as to have the Manner and Circumstances of Leagues prescribed to me by Parliament, it is plain, that no Prince or State would any longer believe, that the Sovereignty of England rests in the Crown; nor could I think Myself to signify any more to foreign Princes, than the empty Sound of a King. Wherefore you may rest assured, That no Condition shall make me depart worn, or lessen, so essential a Part of the Monarchy: And I am willing to believe so well of this House of Commons, that I am confident these ill Consequences are not intended by you.

These are, in Short, the Reasons, why I can by no means approve of your Address. And yet, though you have declined to grant me that Supply, which is so necessary to the Ends of it, I do again declare to you.

That, as I have done all that lay in my Power, since your last Meeting, so I will still apply myself, by all means I can, to let the World see my Care, both for the Security and Satisfaction of my People; although it may not be with those Advantages to them, which, by your Assistance,

I might have procured.

Mr. Speaker further acquaints the House, That it was Adjourn-his Majesty’s Pleasure, that the House Should be ad- ment* joumed till the Sixteenth Day of July next: And that, if he intended they Should then sit, and proceed to do Business, he would signify his Pleasure by Proclamation.

And accordingly, the House'adjourned till the Six-Post Meridiem. teenth Day of July next, Ten of the Clock in the

THE House being met, in order to the attending his Morning.

Majesty with the Address; _ _....

Adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 16* die , 1677*

Luna, 28* die , 1677.

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, That he had attended his Majesty with the Address of this House on Saturday last, in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall: And that his Majesty was pleased to return this Answer:

That the Contents of it were long, and the Matter of Importance: And that he would take it into his Consideration; and, with all convenient Speed, return an Answer to it.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That it

was his Majesty’s Pleasure, that the House Should attend him immediately in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker with the House went to attend his Majesty.

And the House being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty, having taken their last Address into Consideration, was pleased to return an Answer to it: And, to avoid Mistakes, had committed it to Paper; Which Mr. Speaker read to the House; and is as follows:

Gentlemen,

COULD I have been silent, T would rather have chosen to be so, than to call to mind Things so unfit for you to meddle with, as are contained in some Part of your Address; wherein you have entrenched upon so

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That Adjourn.

it was his Majesty’s Pleasure, that the House ment* Should immediately adjourn till the Third Day of December next.

And, accordingly, the House adjourned till the Third Day of December next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 30die Dec

Prayers.

M

R. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That Menage for he had a Message from his Majesty to this House:

Which, being in Writing, he delivered to Mr. Speaker: awnt'

And the same was by him read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

HIS Majesty, having given Notice by his Proclamation, That He intended the Houses Should be adjourned _ _ till the Fourth of April, hath now, for weighty Coni

undoubted a Right of the Crown, that I am confident it siderations, thought fit to nreet with both Houses sooner: 22 & And

ap Car. II. 30 Decembris. — 150 — iff Januarii. 427

And therefore His Pleasure is, That this House be adjourned to the Fifteenth Day of January next.

And, accordingly, the House adjourned to the Fifteenth Day of January next, Ten of the Clock in

the Morning.

Mortis, 15* die 1677.

Message for Adjournment.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this House; and that the same was under his Majesty’s own Hand: Which he delivered to Mr. Speaker; and the same was by him read to the House; and is as followeth;

HIS Majesty hath Matters of very great Importance to communicate to both Houses, in order to the Satisfaction of their late Addresses for the Preservation of Flanders. But it so happening that Matters are not yet so ripe, as within a few Days they will be; therefore His Majesty’s Pleasure is. That this House be immediately adjourned till Monday, the Twenty-eighth of this Instant January.

whilst its Neighbours only have yet smarted by the War: But, finding it no longer to be hoped for by fair means, it shall not be my Fault, if That be not obtained by Force which cannot be had otherwise. For this Reason I have recalled my Troops from and have consi-

dered, That, although the Dutch shall do their Parts, we cannot have less, on ours, than Ninety Sail of capital Ships constantly maintained; nor less than Thirty or Forty thousand Land-men, with their Dependences, to be employed upon our Fleets, and elsewhere. And because there shall be no Jealousy or Fear of misemploying what you shall give to these Uses, I am contented, that such Money be appropriated to those Ends as strictly as you can desire. I have given Testimony enough of my Care in That kind, by the Progress I have made in building the new Ships; wherein, for the making them more useful, I have directed such larger Dimensions, as will cost me above One-hundred thousand Pounds more than the Act allows. I have gone as far as I could in repairing the Old Fleet, and in buying of necessary Stores for the Navy and Ordnance: And in This and other Provisions for the better securing both my Foreign Plantations, and the Islands nearer Home, I have expended a great deal more than the Two hundred thousand Pounds you enabled me to borrow upon the Excise; although I have not found such Credit as I expected upon that Security.

I have borne the Charge both of a Rebellion in Virginia, and a new War with Algiers: I stand engaged to the Prince of Orange for my Niece's Portion; and I shall

And, accordingly, the House adjourned till Monday, not be able to maintain my constant necessary Establish-

T — ~F mpntc 11 n]qc fIr» now; Tinnnctc 11 non Winoc ' , Q'S* Ko non.

X*>

t

the Twenty-eighth of this Instant January, Ten of of the Clock in the Morning.

Menage to attend the King.

3

The King*

Speech

reported.

Luna, 28* die Januarii, 1677-

AM ES S AG E from his Majesty, by Sir Edward Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Lords.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Lords.

Mr. Speaker and the House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Majesty, and that his Majesty being pleased to make use of a Paper in Writing of what he delivered; Mr. Speaker, to prevent Mistakes, had obtained a Copy of it: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth;

ments, unless the new Imposts upon Wines,' be continued tome: Which would otherwise turn only to their Profit, to w hom we least intend it.

I hope these Things will need little Recommendation to you, when you consider your Promises in some, and the Necessity of the rest. And, to let you see, that I have not only employed my Time and Treasure for your Safety, but done all I could to remove all Sorts of Jea lousies; I have married my Niece to the Prince of Orange; by which I hope I have given full Assurances, that I shall never suffer his Interests to be ruined, if I can be assisted as I ought to be to preserve them.

Having done all this, I expect from you a plentiful Supply suitable to such great Occasions; whereon depends not only the Honour, but, for aught I know, the Being of an English Nation: Which will not be saved by finding Faults afterwards; but may be prevented by avoiding the chief Fault of doing weakly and by halves What can only be hoped from a vigorous and thorough Prosecution of what we undertake.

r, , ^. These Considerations are of the greatest Importance My Lords and Gentlemen, that ever concerned this Kingdom: And therefore I

WHEN we parted last, I told you, That, before we would have you enter immediately upon them, without met again, I would do That which Should be to your suffering any other Business whatsoever to divert you Satisfaction. I have, accordingly, made such Alliances from bringing them to good Resolutions, with Holland, as are for the Preservation of Flanders;

and which cannot fail of that End, unless prevented either by want of due Assistances to support those Alliances, or by the small Regard the Spaniards themselves must have to their own Preservation.

The first of these I cannot suspect, by reason of your repeated Engagements to maintain them; and I know you are so wise, as to consider, that a War, which must be the necessary Consequence of them, ought neither to be prosecuted by halves, nor to want such Assurances of Perseverance as may give me Encouragement to pursue it: Besides, it will not be less necessary to let our Enemies have such a Prospect of our Resolutions, as may let them see certainly, that we shall not be weary of our Arms, till Christendom be restored to such a Peace, as shall not be in the Power of any Prince alone to disturb.

I do acknowledge to you, That I have used all the means possible, by a Mediation, to have procured an honourable and safe Peace for Christendom; knowing how preferable such a Peace would have been to any War, and especially to this Kingdom; which must necessarily own the vast Benefits it has received by Peace, Vo 1.IX.

Resolved, &c. Nemine contrudiccnle, That this House Speech to b«

will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, proceed considered, to the Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech.

A Paper being presented to be read, complaining Irregular of the irregular Adjournment of the House by Mr. Adjourn-Speaker; . ment*

Ordered, That this Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue put his Warrant New Writs to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for to issued-the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lcskardin the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Harris Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member toserve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Specott Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

428

a8* — 19* — 30® Januarii. , 1677.

the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City and the County of the City of Norwich, in the room of Christopher Jay Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Stamford in the County of Lincolne, in the room of Hairy Noeit Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Chester, in the room of Sir Foulke Lucy Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfield in the County of Stafford, in the room of Richard Dyot Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolke, in the room of Sir William Knight,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Limminglon in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir William Lewis Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristoll, in the room of Sir Humphrey Hooke Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Baron'to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Winchelsea in the County of Sussex, in the room of Francis Finch Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Warwick in the County of Warwick, in the room Of Robert Lord Digby, deceased.

nett, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Price, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir John Hotham, Sir Rob. Dillimgton, Sir Goodrich, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir John Reresby, and all the Members of this House that serve for the County of Kent, and the City, Boroughs, and Ports thereof: And they are to meet in the Speaker’s Chamber on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And are knpowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of his Address on Majesty’s Speech. King’s

Which was again read by Mr. Speaker. Spewh.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, See. That an Address be presented to his Majesty, containing the Thanks of this House, for expressing his great Care of the Protestant Religion, in marrying of his Niece with a Protestant Prince; and humbly to beseech his Majesty, that his Majesty will be pleased to admit of no Treaty of Peace, but such an one as leaves the French King in no better State and Condition to offend his Neighbours, than he is left in by the Pyrenean Treaty (for the obtaining of which, his Majesty shall never want the ready Assistances and Support of this House); and that neither ourselves, nor any other of the Allies, shall hold any Commerce or Trade with the French King or his Subjects, during the War. And it is referred to Sir Wm. Cocentrey, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr.

Secretary Wdliamson, Sir77w. Clergis, Sir John Hotham,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Harboard, Col.

Byrch, Lord Cavendish, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Powlc, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Secretary Coaentrey,

Mr. Williams, Sir John Trevor, Sir Trevor Williams, Lord OBrian, Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Hanmer, Sir John Mallett, or any Five of them, to prepare and draw up the said Address: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House will sit Tomorrow at interment of Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and then resolve Charleil. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider i

of the Manner of a more decent and solemn Interment I

of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First, of ever blessed Memory.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow And the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight of the Clock. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

fid

Regulating

At tome).«,

Lindsey

Lfvel.

Cobh am Estate

Marlis, 29° die Januarii, 1677*

f\RD ERED, That the Committee to which the Bill for regulating the Number of Attornies is referred, be revived; and do sit on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Mercurii, 30° die Janu, 1677.

rT'H IE House being met, in order to the solemnizing Solemnising X of this Day at St. Margaret's, Westminster, ad- 3°Jan-jouraed till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for draining Lindsey Level stands committed, be revived; and do sit in the Place formerly appointed, on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And that all Parties concerned be summoned to attend the Committee on this Day Three Weeks.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Trustees to

raise Money on Cobham House and Park, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir John Coryton, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Gorcing, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Serj. Rigby, Mr. Okeley, Mr. Ayliffe, Sir Rob. Holmes, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Covert, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir Rich.

Franckland, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Sir Sir

Knigh t, Sir Rob. Holt, Mr. P

Sir John Rarndby, Lord Ancram, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Mr.

St.John, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Gerard, Sk John

Holman, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mx\Wright, Sir Jokn Ben-

T H E House being met, according to Order;

Ordered, That the Thanks ofthk Home be returned to Dr. spratt Dr. Sprati, for his Sermon this Day preached before thanked, this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And that he be desired to print his Sermon: And Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir Charles Hheder, and Mr. Robert Wright,

are to give him the Thanks of the House; and desire him to print his Sermon.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the interment whole House, to consider of the manner of a more Civic* I.

and solemn Interment of his late sacred Majesty King Charles the First, of ever blessed Memory.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Sir Phillip Warwick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Phillip Warwick reports, That the Committee bad sat; but had made no Progress, by mason they conceived they were:streightened in the Penning o the Order; and J prayed

30 Car. II*

300 — 31° Januariu

429

fes,

lug's

FedelTs

Estate.

Kfwark*

libctioft.

Privilege

prayed the Direction of the House: Whether the Com- Leonard Crosby, an Officer employed about collecting the mittee might not consider of the Erecting as well of a Duty of Hearth Money; in serving them with Process, Monument in Memory of his said late Sacred Majesty, and summoning them to attend the King’s Pencil Court,

as of the more decent and solemn Intemnent of him; and of ascertaining a Sum of Money for defraying the Cl large thereof.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to consider both of his late Majesty's Interment; and of a Monument for him; and of a Sum of Money for defraying the Charge thereof.

The House then resolved itself again into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Phillip Warwick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

during the Sitting and Privilege of Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Leonard Crosby be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer his Breach of Privilege committed upon Sir Metcalfe Robinson and Sir William I rank land, Two of the Members of this House; in serving them with Process, and summoning them to attend the Kings Bench Court, during the Sitting and Privilege of Parliament.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, Privilege____

committed upon Air. Hall,a Member of this House, Assault of a by Robert Beach, an Attorney of in the Parish Member-

Sir Phillip Warwick reports from the Committee, That of Bradford in the County of and Simon

they had agreed a Vote to be presented to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was again read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Two Months Tax be given to his Majesty, according to the present Rate of the Monthly Taxes, for the Interment of his late Sacred Majesty, and for erect ing him a Monument; the First Month’s Payment to commence from the Expiration of the present Monthly Taxes; and the Second, the Twelvemonth after.

Resolved, &c. Nern. contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Two Months Tax

Devere/l, a Bailiff of Bradford aforesaid; in assaulting and wounding the said Mr. Hall, and his Servant; and threatening to do him further Mischief; during the Sitting and Privilege of Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Robert Beach and Simon Dc~ vercllbe sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, to answer their Breach of Privilege, committed against Mr. Hall, a Member of this House; in assaulting and wounding the said Mr. and his Servant; and threatening to do him further Mischief; during the Sitting and Privilege of this House.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, privi{ege>

be given to his Majesty, according to the present Rate committed upon Mr. a Member of this House,

®f the Monti)ly Taxes, for the Interment of his late by Robert Johnson, and Thomas Pace, Two of the Offi-

Sacred Majesty; and for erecting him a Monument: The First Month’s Payment to commence from the Expiration of the present Monthly Taxes; and the Second, the Twelvemonth alter.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Vote: And it is referred to Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Thomas Meres, and Mr. Solicitor General, to bring in the Bill accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, SI. die Ja, 1677*

MR. Crouch reports from the Committee to whom th ' -

cers employed in collecting the Duty of Hearth Money; in serving him, during the Sitting and Privilege of Parliament, with an Order to attend the Council Board, upon a Complaint there made against him by the said Robert Johnson and Thomas Pace, for giving Judgment as a Justice of the Peace, in a Case concerning the Duty of Hearth Money;

Ordered, That the said Robert Johnson and Thomas Pace be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer their Breach of Privilege, committed against Air. Pierpoint, a Member of this House; in serving him, during the Sitting and Privilege of Parliament with an Order to attend the Council Board, upon a Complaint there made against him by the said Robert Johnson and Thomas Pace, for giving Judgment as a Justice of the Peace, in a Case concerning the Duty of Hearth Aloney.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Andrew Hackett Bi||s gent‘ and Sir William Beetrs/uon; from Lords.

Air. Speaker, The House of Lords have commanded us to attend you with these Two Bills; the one intituled,

An Act to prevent clandestine and irregular Marriages; and the other intituled, An Act concerning Baptism and Catechizing: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

the Bill, sent from the Lords, to enable Trustees to sell certain Manors and Lauds of Edward Bedell, for Payment of Debts, and raising of Portions for Diana,

Isabella, and Ann Bedell, Infants, Daughters of the said Edward Bedell, was committed; That they had carefully perused the Settlements mentioned in the Bill; and examined all the Parties concerned therein, and found them consenting the reunto; and had returned the said Bill without any Amendment.

The said Bill was then read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Vesting of certain Manors and

Lands of Edward Bedell, of Woodrising in the County Air. Powell reports from the Committee to whom it Address on of Norfolke, Esquire, in certain Trustees, to be sold for was referred to prepare and draw up an Address to be King’s Payment of his Debts, and for raising of Portions for presented to his Majesty, containing the Thanks of this Spe«cE Diana Bedell, Isabella Bedell, and Ann Bedell, Infants, House for his great (rare of the Protestant Religion; and Daughters of the said Edward Bedell; and for such humbly to beseech his Majesty not to admit of any Treaty other Children ns shall hereafter he. hevotten by the said of Peace but such a one as leaves the French King in no

better State and Condition to offend his Neighbours, than he is left in by the Pyrenean Treaty; according to the Order of this House on Tuesday last; That the Committee had. prepared the Form of an Address: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read:

And the same Address being again read by Mr. Speaker;

And the Question put, To agree with the said Committee, in every Paragraph thereof, severally;

The same was severally agreed to.

A Clause being propounded to be added to the last A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, Paragraph but one of the said Address, was, upon the committed upon Sir Metcalfe Robinson and Sir William Question, agreed to: Which Address, so amended, is Frankland, two of the Members of this House, by one. as followeth; viz.

Vol IX. 5 Q WE

other Children as shall hereafter be begotten by the said Edward Bedell upon the Body of Isabella Bedell his now Wife.

A Petition of Penniston Whalley Esquire, concerning the Election for Newarke, being tendered;

And a Question arising, Whether the same be preferred within the Time limited by the Order of the House, or not;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine whether the said Petition be preferred within Time or not

430

31 ° Jamartt. — I" Februarii,

A.

Veneris, T die Februarii, 1677*

ORDERED, That all Parties concerned in the Bill l.indsey for draining Lindsey Level be summoned from tins Level. House to attend the Committee to which that Bill is committed, at the Time and Place appointed by the

WE Your Majesty’s most humble and loyal Subjects the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, do, in all Duty and Gratitude, render our most humble Thanks to Your Most Sacred Majesty, for the greatCare Your Majesty hath expressed for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Protestant Religion, by concluding a

Mamw between the Lady Mary, Your Majesty's Niece, , bei the N aict,;c',th D6f this

<‘"d ' ol°rmSe- Seln* a rrtoce protesting the j 2.y,.^ a, the £xd^r Chamber in Hat-

same Religion with us, and engaged in Arms for the . , A , XT *. , A , i

Defence of the Common Cause of Christendom: For the ^nd *"at J'Dt,ce ty Cop.es ot tins Order be

promoting of which we do, in all Humility, and with the «#K*nt Summons.

highest Zeal to Your Majesty’s Honour, and the Safety of A Petition of William JVogan Esquire was read, com- Haverford Your People, beseech Your Majesty not to admit of any plaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Herbert West Treaty of Peace, whereby the French King shall be left Parrott, to serve in this present Parliament for the Inborn the Possession of any larger Dominions and Territories, Town and County West, in Wrong to

or of any greater Power, than what he retained by the the Petitioner.

Resolved, That the Matter of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges:

Wiio are to examine the same; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Pyreneap Treaty: Less than Which, we conceive, cannot secure Your Majesty’s Kingdoms, and the rest of from the Growth and Power of the said King; but that he alone may be able to disturb the Peace thereof, whensoever he is minded to attempt it; the Places reserved by That Treaty to the King of Spain, in the Netherlands, being advantageous, as well by the Vicinity of some important Towns and Garisons to the Kingdom of France, as by the Extent of the Territory. And we do most humbly desire, That in all Treaties, Articles, and Confederations, in order to the obtaining that End, Your Majesty would be pleased to provide, that none of the Parties that shall join with Your Majesty in making War for that Purpose, may lay down their Arms, or depart from their Alliances, until the said King be reduced at least to the said Treaty: And we do further desire, as one of the most effectual Means to obtain those Ends, That it

A Bill for Preservation of the Piscary in several Rivers. Preservation in this Kingdom, was read the Second time. ol *lsh:nS*

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Colonel Sands, Sir John Knight, Sir John Cary, Sir Geo. Dozening,

Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Copp. Bampfeild, Sir Robinson,

Sir John Lowther, Mr. Crowch, Serj. Maynard, CoL

Birch, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Hale, Mr. Gray, Mr. Serjeant

Streete, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Bam a by, Mr. Maynard,

Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Spry, Sir John Cory ton. Sir Wm.

Lowther, Sir Tito. Alompesson, Sir Edward Harley, Mr.

Westphaling, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Joh Mr. Gozcre, Mr. SachtxereU, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Lancelot Lake, Sir Win. Hickman, and all the Members that serve for the

may be agreed between \ our Majesty and the Confe- Counties of Hare-ester, Hereford, and

derates, That neither ourselves, nor any of the.n, shall hold und .11 other the Counties mentioned in the

anyCo,nmereeorTra^w,ththeFmrshing, or Ins said Ku. AnA all that come an> ,0 have Voices: Subjects, dunng such War; and that no Conm.od.ty of And the are to meet on Monday next, atTwoof the

thAl Trmvth Hrriri iir*t r*r ivl »niiTar»f-niv3 nt h I'n-rirp nr nt iinv J . 1*^0 ,

Clock 111 the Afternoon, at the Speakers Chamber:

the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of France, or of any of the Territories or Dominions of the French King, be admitted to be brought into Y our Majesty’s or any of their Countries and Dominions, either by Land or Sea; or to be sold within the same; but that they be seized and destroyed wheresoever they be found; and Days to be limited for the same, in as Short time as the Nature of such Affairs will permit: And that in all Treaties, Articles, and Confederations, made in order to or for the Prosecution of such War, it may be agreed and declared, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, that no Vessel of any Nation whatsoever shall be permitted to enter into or come out of the Ports of France, but that the Ship and Men shall be seized, and the Goods destroyed.

We do therefore most humbly desire Your Majesty to proceed in making such Alliances and Confederations, as shall be necessary for the attaining those Ends; And though we believe your Majesty can never doubt of the Affections of Your People, yet, upon this Occasion, we do, with all Alacrity, and with one unanimous Consent, renew our former Promises and Engagements: Beseeching Your Majesty to rest confidently assured of our Perseverance in the Prosecution of the said War; and that, when Your Majesty shall please to impart such Alliances and Confederations to us in Parliament, we shall, upon all Occasions, give Your Majesty such ready Assistances and Supports, as may, by the Blessing of God, bring the said War to a happy Conclusion.

And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Sir Solomon Szcale, a Privilege-Member of this House, is convicted for Popish Recu- a Member saucy, upon Record, in the County of Middlesex', convicted of

Ordered, That the Officer in whose Custody the said 1 ecu,<uich Record is, do attend this House, with the said Record,

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That he King had attended his Majesty/ according to the Order of appoints this House: And that his Majesty’s Pleasure was, That attended, the House Should attend him with their Address this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, at the Bunqueting-house in Whitehall.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Assurance of such as p;nes mA claim under ancient Pines and Recover ies, was read the Hecoverie*. Third time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for //earth regulating Abuses and collecting tire Duty of Hearth Money. Money, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Resolved,&c.That the said Address, so amended, shall be presented by this House to his Majesty: And such of xjoney

fliA Wmico oa arp rif flic

A Complaint being made of some Irregularities and Ditto. Abuses committed in collecting the Duty of Hearth

the Members of this House, ns are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, are desired to know his Majesty's Pleasure when he will be attended therewith.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Farmers of his Duty of

Hearth Money do attend at the Bar of this House oa Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and do bring the Patent of their Farm along with them.

A Motion being made, against the frequent and irre- Members gular Granting of Paper Protections, by Members of this House; and A Petition of Angela Margareita Cottington being read; complaining of Mr. Wanklyn, a Member of House,

for

3Q Car. II.

-40 Februarii.

431

A Member

*xpel led for abuse of Pro lections.

Nary and Army Estimates.

for granting a Protection to Charles Esquire,

her Husband, as his menial Servant; whereby she was hindered in her Prosecution at Law against him;

And the House being also informed, That the said Mr. JVanklynhad granted another Protection to one

Jones, whereby to hinder the Execution of a Writ of Restitution awarded by the Court of King’s Bench;

And Mr. JVanklyn being present; and standing up in his Place; and answering for himself, and to several Ques-' tiens which were propounded to him by Mr. Speaker;

And being withdrawn by Order; and the Matter debated;

Resolved, See. Ncm. contradicen That Col. JVanklyn,

in granting Protections to Mr. Cottington and Mr. Jones, not being his menial Servants, has violated the Justice and Honour of this House.

The Question being put, That Mr. JVanklyn, for granting such Protections, shall be expelled this House;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tl, (Mr. Sacheverell,

Tellers-Utr. William,

... , fMr. Propers,

e ers, ^jr JVm.JVentzeorth,

And so it w-as resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That Mr. JVanklyn shall receive his Sentence at the liar standing;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. JVanklyn being brought to the Bar by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; Mr. Speaker, in the Name of the House, pronounced the said Sentence.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary of the Admiralty, and the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That hie Answer to Majesty had, by him, returned an Answer in Writing to Addres*. their late Address: Which he delivered in to Mr. Speaker:

Who read the same to the House: And is as followeth;

j- for the Yeas, 140. j- for the Noes, 109.

HIS Majesty hath received and perused the late Address of this House; and thereunto returned this Answer:

He is not a little surprised to find so Much inserted there, of what there Should not be, and so Little of what Should.

In the First place, His Majesty’s Speech was to both Houses jointly: And the Matter being of so publick a Concern, it is certainly very convenient the Return to that Speech Should be made jointly: For to receive several Addresses, and possibly very different, cannot but administer Matter of Distraction to his Counsels, and consequently to the Affairs of the Nation: Nor is the House of Peers reasonably to be left out, in transacting those 'firings which at last must needs pass by them.

In the next place, He observes in the Address of this House, of the Twentieth of last, you invite His Majesty toa League, off’ensiveand defensive, with Holland, against the Growth and Power of the French King, and for Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands; and, upon His Declaration of such Alliances, you assure his Majesty of such speedy Assistances and Supplies, as may fully and plentifully answer tire Occasions: His Majesty hath made, accordingly, the Alliances, offensive and defensive,

Navy do, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, with Holland; and declared it to you in Parliament: So

--. — 4.LL I_T T L.» LL \T J T-Tic Port ic nprfnrmorl P.nf uc fn TKot nf fPiic Hnnco -fnt*

r.f'

LJJ

Wtilbury

Writ.

present to this House a List of his Majesty’s Navy; and an Estimate of a Number of Men to be employed therein; and of the Charge of fitting out and maintaining the same for One Year, in time of War.

Ordered, That the Auditor of the Receipt, and other Officers of his Majesty’s Exchequer, do, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, present to this House an Account of the present established Charge of a Regiment of Foot Soldiers, fora Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Sperker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

His Partis performed: But, as to That of this House for Supplies, though He asked it in his Speech, you give no Answer, nor the least Hint of affording Him any thing to support the Treaties he hath made: Only the old Promises are put to new Conditions: And so he may be used to Eternity, Should He seem satisfied with such Proceedings.

You are not to think, that either His Majesty, or the States General, being to imbark in so great a Design, would deprive themselves of the other so considerable Alliances. Some Ministers of the most concerned Princes have known and approved His Treaty with the States

Arfjoura-

BlfUt.

Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament General: And, that he hath not formerly concluded one for the Borough of JVcstburyin the County of JVilts, in with them, the Reason is, That the Distance of the Places

the room of Thomas JVanklyn Esquire, who was this Day the Princes concerned reside in, would not give d ime to

perfect so many Treaties, to be ratified in Places so remote: And, laying well the Foundation in Holland, there

expelled the House.

The Question being put, That this House be adjourned till Monday Morning;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Thompson’*, kc. Ettaw*.

Wtit Derby and Waver-trte Manors.

could not be much Doubt of their Consent, for whose Interest That Treaty is made: But nothing can delay, or indeed disappoint, those Treaties, more than the failing of this House to support These His Majesty hath made: He must acquit His Credit there, and see His W ord shall be maintained, before He can engage it elsew here afresh.

In His Majesty’s Answer to the Address of this House, of the Twentieth of May, He told you how highly He was offended at that great Invasion of His Prerogative: But you take no Notice of it; but, on the contrary, add to your former ill Conduct new' Invasions, equally offensive to His Majesty’s Authority, as contrary to His, and, He thinks, most other Men’s, Judgments.

This House desires His Majesty to oblige his Confederates never to consent to a Peace, but upon condition the An ingrossed Bill to confirm an Agreement made be- Most Christian King be reduced to the Treaty at

Lunce,4° die Feb, 1677-

ABIL L for the better Discovery of the Estates of Richard Thompson and others, Bankrupts, was read. Resolved, kc. That this Bill be read a Second time, after Ten of the Clock.

Incestuous

Maniagf*.

tween the Lords and Tenants of the Manors of West Derby and JVaver tree, was read the First time.

Resolved, kc. That this Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent incestuous Marriages, w as read the Second time.

The Question being put, That this Bill be committed; It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, kc. That the said Bill be rejected.

Vo L.IX.

least j A Determination fitting only for God Almighty; for none can tell what can be fitting Conditions for a Peace, but He that can certainly foretel the Events of the War.

You advise His Majesty to injoin not only His Allies, but all the W orld, not to let a Ship of theirs to go to, or come from France, upon Pain of Loss of Goods, Capture of Ships and Men, not excepting either Ally, Prince, or Ambassador (if amongst them): He doth not believe, that ever any Assetnblyof Men gave.so great and publick a

Provocation

Supply.

Cobhim

Eitatt.

43 2

4® — 5° Fe

A. 1677.

Provocation to the whole World, without either having mitted, be revived; tmd do sit tills Afternoon in the provided, or so much as considered how to provide, One Place formerly appointed.

Ship, One Regiment, or One Penny, towards justifying

it (at least as far as you have acquainted Him). However, Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill, sent Preservatio* to shew you how willing His Majesty is to give all reason- from the Lords, for the Preservation of the Pishing in seve- of Fishing, able Satisfaction to this House, how unreasonable soever ral Rivers of this Kingdom, is committed, be revived; the Propositions made him are, He doth again repeat to and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed. iou what He said on the Twenty-eighth past. That if

\y your Assistance, He may be put into Arms sufficient An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Lord *'or. for such a Work, His Majesty will not be weary of them Act to enable the Right honourable Thomas Lord less

till Christendom be restored to such a Peace, as it shall and Mounteagle, Baron of live, to make Sale of the Manor

of Farleton, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in

letonin the County of Lancaster for Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, c. That this Bill be committed to Mr.

not be in the Power of any Prince alone to disturb.

This is, in the Consequence of it, as much as a Prince, that valueth his Word, can say to you: And He is such a one. But, to say He will make no other Peace,

than such a particular Peace, whether able or not able, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Hen. Puckering, Sir Nic. Pedley, whether abandoned by his Allies or not, is not to be said Sir Nic. Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John , Mr.

upon solemn Engagement; because not certainly to be Progers, Mr. King, Sir John Sir John

performed. Mr. Wright, Sir Lout her, Sir Jennings, Sir

In Sum, Gentlemen, the Right of making and managing Hen. Goodrich, Sir Robert Carr, Sii Sir

War and Peace is in his Majesty: And, if you think He Bradshaw, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Mr. Lord

will depart from any part of That Right, you are mis- O Brian, Lord Ancram, Sir JVm. Blackett, Sir John taken. The Reins of Government are in His Hands; vor. Colonel Lord Ashley, Mr. Mallctt, Sir

and He hath the same Resolution and Concern to preserve John Sir Ralph Ashton, Lord Clifford, Sir

them there, as He hath to preserve His own Person; and Stringer, and all the Members of this House that serve He keeps both for His People’s Protection and Safety; for the Counties of Lancashire and Cheshire, and the Cities and will employ them so far as He can. If this House encourage His Majesty to go farther in Alliances, by supplying Him in maintaining those he hath made, His Care and utmost Endeavour will be employed for you.

If this House doth intend This, it must be speedy: The Time and Conjuncture afford not Leisure to consult long:

And therefore His Majesty desireth, That, without further loss of Time, you apply yourselves to the Consideration of That Supply; for from thence He must take His Measures.

and Boroughs thereof: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill concerning Sir. Cooke*

Cooke be heard Tomorrow Morning.

Estate.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to en- Samiw’s, able Trustees to sell Lands, for the Raising of Money to *c. Estate, pay the Debts of John Samine, and Sir Roger Cooper A Motion being made for a Supply to his Majesty, Knight, and Cecil Cooper Esquire, deceased, was read

for Support of his present Alliances;

The Question being put, That the House will now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of his Majesty's Supply;

The House divide.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers /Ij0rd leJlers’|Mr. Finch,

/Lord Cavendish,

S’\I

J for the Yeas, j> for the Noes,

»93-

*5i-

s,\Lord Clifford,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That die House will now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Peering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Peering reports from the Committee, That the Committee had sat; and had ordered him to move the House, that the Words " for Support of his present Alliances" may be added to the Order; and that Conviction of Sir Solomon Swale for Popish Recusancy, the Committee may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow And a Petition of Sir Solomon Swale being tendered; Morning at Ten of the Clock. That Sir Solomon Swale be summoned to at-

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee; tend the House on this Day fortnight.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Supply to his Majesty, for Support of his present Alliances.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That this Bill be committed to Sir Newton, Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Maynard, Sir Edward Peering, Sir Anth Sir Lew-

ther, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Williams, Sir Robert Holmes,

Mr. Daniel, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Sir

Jam. Smith, Sir Edm. Wyndham, Sir Robert Sawyer, Sir Tho. Byde, Sir JVm. JVeniworth, Sir Cotton, bit John Covert, Mr. Crowch, Sir Nic.Slaning, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Sir John Lowther, Sir Wheeler, Mr.

JVynne, Sir John Knight, Sir Trevor JViUiams, Sir Edward

Hunger ford, Mr. Spry, Sir John Haunter, Sir Frank-

land. Sir Tho. Peyton, Mr. Wright, Mr.

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And are iin-powered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, Privilege-according to the Order of the House, delivered in the Member

- --- -- - - - . - — convicted of

fiecuttocj.

Ordered, That the Farmers of the Heartli Money do hetrth

Money Pateucs.

attend the House with their Patent Tomorrow Morning.

Martis, 5° die Februarii, 1677-Praters.

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the Bill for raising Money on Cobkam House and Park is com-

And then the House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Supply for his Majesty, to support his present Alliances.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Peering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Peering reports from the Committee, That

the Committee had sat; and that, doubting that the Order was Short, the Committee had ordered him'to move the House, that the Words " made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preser-2o vation

Supply-

Cobham

Estate.

Preservation of Fishing.

jo Car. II.

5" — 6° — 7° Februarii.

vation of the Spanish Netherlands, and lessening the Power4 of France," may be added: And that the Committee may sit again immediately.

being

433

read

And the Bill, with the Amendments,

Third time;

Resolved\ &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

in

mittee

It was resolved in the Affirmative Resolved, &c.That this House will immediately resolve into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of a Supply for his Majesty, to support his present Alliances made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands, and lessening the Powder of France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edu ard Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edxvard Deering reports, That the Committee had sat; and had agreed a Vote to be presented to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and is as followeth:

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Com- _.

mittee, That a Supply be given to his Majesty, for the attend again on triday Morning next, Support of his present Alliances made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands, and lessening the Power of France.

And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would, Tomorrow Alorning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

' It wafc resolved in the Affirmative,

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a Supply be given to his Majesty, for the Support of his present Alliances marie with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands, and lessening the Power of France.

Resolved, See. That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

A Petition of Cresu'dl Draper Esquire, concerning the Winchelsea Election for the Port of Winehelsea, was tendered and read. £lectin.

But the Petition not being signed by the Petitioner, the same w as withdrawn.

The House being informed, that the Farmers of the Hearih Duty of Hearth Money w ere attending without, with their Money Patent, according to the Order of the House; Patent*

Ordered, That the Farmers be called in; and do leave their Patent; and do attend again on Friday Alorning next: At which time this House will enter into the Debate concerning the same.

And the Farmers being called in; and having left their Patent;

Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That they were to

Ordered, That the Debate concerning the late Ad- Irregular Adjournments of the House by Mr. Speaker, be taken up on j°urmnems‘ Saturday Alorning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Committees.

Ordered, That all Committees, that w ere to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Alorning,

Eight of the Clock.

Coke’s

Estate.

Mcrcurii, 6° die Februarii, l6‘77.

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the Bill, sent down from the Lords, for the raising Money on Cobham I louse and Park, is committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill, sent down from the Lords, for the Preservation of the Pishing in several Rivers of this Kingdom, is committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

Mr. Wright reports from the Committee to whom the Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to supply the Defects in a Deed of Settlement, made by John Coke Esquire, deceased; and for altering a Trust in Part of the Estate of Robert Cok Esquire; several Amend-

ments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill; and also the Proviso referred with the Bill: WhichAmend-ments, with the Coherence, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again twice read; and, with an Amendment, made at the Clerk's Table, by inserting the Proviso after the Word " notwithstanding," in the Twenty-seventh Line of the Fourteenth Press, instead of inserting it after the Word "contained," in the Twenty-sixth Line of the same Press, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Vo i. IX.

being

put, To

agree

with the Com-

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of Supply, the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Echo. Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Deering reports from the Committee, That they had taken the Matter referred to them into their Consideration; and Imd agreed upon a Vote to be reported’ to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in attiie Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again road; and is as followeth;

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that Ninety Ships of War are necessary for the Support of his Majesty’s present Alliance, made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands, and lessening the Power of France.

And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That they might have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

The Question mittee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Ninety Ships of War are necessary for the Support of his Majesty’s present Alliances made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands, and lessening the Pow er of France.

Resolved, See. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply, for the Support of his present Alliances made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands, and lessening the Power of France.

Ordered, That all Committees, that w ere to sit this Committees, Afternoon) be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, V die Februarii, 1677.

/~iRDERED, That the Committees to whom these Committee?. following Bills were committed, the Bill for raising Money Cobham House and Park; the Bill for

5 R lessening

434 7 0 FebruariA. 1677.

lessening the Number of Attornies; the Bill to enable Sir Edw. reports from the said Committee,

the Lord Morkyto sell Lands; and the Bill for Preser- That they had taken the Matter referred to them into vation of the Fishing in several Rivers of this Kingdom; Consideration; and had agreed upon Two Votes: Which be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same formerly appointed. in at the Clerk's Table: And the same, being twice read,

are as followeth; viz.

A Bill to enable Sir John Cotton Baronet to dispose of Resolved, See. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

a Messuage called St. German's, and Lands therewith that the House be moved to appoint a Committee, to con-used, near St. Albans in the County of Hertford. sider of the Charge of setting forth and maintaining Ninety

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time. Ships of War, for a Month; viz. Four of the First Rate,

Five of the Second Rate, Sixteen of the Third Rate,

A Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine on the Northern Forty-seven of the Fourth Rate, Twelve of the Fifth Borders, was read the Second time. Rate, and Six of the Sixth Rate; and to report their

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, to Sir John Opinions to the House.

Fenwick, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir Anih. Resolved, &c.That the Consideration of the Papers pre-Irby, Lord 0 Brien, Colonel Gilby, Sir Roger Bradshaw, sented by the Master of the Ordnance, and Mr. Secretary Sir George Dawning, Sir Tho.Allen, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, of the Admiralty, be referred to the same Committee:

Sir Wm. Blacket, Mr. Stockda/e, Sir Ralp Dalavall, Sir And that That Committee have Power to send for Per-Wm. Franckland, Mr. Palmes, Sir Christopher Musgrave, sons, Papers, and Records:

Sir John Lowther, Sir Rich. Graham, Sir John Otway, And humbly moved from the said Committee, That Mr. Crawch, Sir Edm. Jenings, Mr. Price, Sir IVm. they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning, TVentworth, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Guy, Major General Eger- Ten of the Clock.

ton, Mr. Palmes, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Collingxcood, Sir The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

Hen. Goodrick, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir John Knight, Mr. It was resolved in the Affirmative.

IVMiams, Mr. Westphaling, and all that serve for the Resolved, c. That a Committee be appointed to con-Counties of Westmorland, Cumberland, Northumberland, sider of the Charge of setting forth and maintainingN inety

Durham, York, and Lancaster: And they are to meet Ships of War, for a Month; viz. Four of the First Rate, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Five of the Second Rate, Sixteen of the Third Rate, Inner Court of Wards. Forty-seven of the Fourth Rate, Twelve of the Fifth

Rate, and Six of the Sixth Rate; and report their Opi-West Derby An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An nions to the House.

and Waver- Act to confirm an Agreement made between the I^ords Resolved, &c. That the Consideration of the Papers

tree Manor*. an(j Tenants of the Manors of I Vest Derby and Waver- presented by the Master of the Ordnance, and Mr. Secre-tree. tary of the Admiralty, be referred to the same Committee:

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Sir John And that That Committee have Power to send for Persons, Otway, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Sir Papers, and Records: And it is referred to Mr.

John Covert, Lord O Brien, Mr. Wright, Mr. Eyres, Sir Eliah Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Sir Tho.

Mr. Greenvik, Sir Rowland Berkly, Mr. Price, Mr. Pa- Littkton, Colonel Legg, Sir Mr. Gar-

pillon, Colonel Kirby, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Love, Sir John Knight, Colonel Strode, Sir

Mr. Crouch, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Whitky, Sir Mr. Mr. Mr.

Trecor Williams, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Fr. Russell, Mr. pillon, Sir Rob. Holmes, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Morrice, Sir Edm. Bowyer, Mr. Leveson Court', and all Mr. Secretary Williamson, Colonel Birch, Colonel JVaer-

that serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Sir Geo. Dozening, Lord O Brien, Sir Tho. Metres, Derby: And they are to meetTo-morrow at Two of the Sir Edm. Jenings, Mr. Cofferer, Mr. Palmes, Sir Wm. Clock in the Afternoon, in the Duchy Chamber: And Franckland, Sir John Hammer, S\x Rob. Carr, Mr. Spry, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Sir Rich. Temple, Sir John Waerden, Sir Trevor, Sir

Mr. Jolliff'e, Sir Wheeler, Sir LordCul- Mr. Wright reports from the Committee to whom the Ford, Mr. Sir Smith, Mr. Williams, Sir

len Estate, jju to enable Brian Viscount Cullen to sell Lands for ]jen, Goodrich, Mr. Pot Mr. Mr. Finch, Sir

Payment of his Debts, was committed, some Amend-

ments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again Resolved, See. That this House will Tomorrow Mom-twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to ffig, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments of the whole House, to proceed further in the Considera-agreed to, be ingrossed. tien Gf his Majesty's Supply, for the Support of his present Alliances, made with the States General of the Exporting Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Exportation of United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Wool. \y00i be read on Monday Morning next. Netherlands; and lessening the Power of France.

TobaccoPipe A Bill, sent from the Lords, for encouraging the Trade

making. of Tobacco Pipe-making, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Court of A Bill for regulating the Proceedings in the High

Chancery. Court of Chancery, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, on Tuesday Morning next, after Ten of the Clock.

Supply. The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply for the Support of his present Alliances, made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands; and lessening the Power of France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Decring took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, Scc. That this House will enter upon the Da- Hearth bate concerning the Patent granted to the Farmers of the M°l,ey Duty of Hearth Money on Monday Morning next, atTen latentt* of the Clock: At which Time the said Farmers are to attend.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Northamp-to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for lon "rlt the Electing of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Northampton, in the room of the Lord Burleigh, called up to the House of Lords.

A Petition of Crcsheld Draper was read; complaining WincheUe* of an undue Return of John Banks, to serve for the Port El«tiou, and Town of Winchelsea in the County of Sussex, in Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said

Cotton’*

Estate.

Northern

Borders.

30 Car. II.

said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Members The House taking into Debate the great Grievance to Protections. the People, occasioned by Protections;

Resolved, &c. That all Protections and written Certificates of the Members of this House be declared void in Law; and be forthwith withdrawn, and called in: And that none be granted for the future: And that, if any shall be granted by any Member, such Member shall be liable to the Censure of the House: And that the Privilege of Members for their menial Servants be observed, according to Law: And that if any menial Servant shall be arrested, and detained, contrary to Privilege, he shall, upon Complaint thereof made, be discharged, by Order fr&m Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That this be declared. to be the Standing Order of the House.

Ordered, That these Orders against written Protections be published, by setting them up at Hall

Gate; and at the several Courts in Westminster and at the Inns of Court, and Inns of Chancery; and at the Exchange: And that the Knights of the Shire do send Copies thereof to the Sheriffs of their respective Counties; and the Bugesses to their Boroughs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Februarii,

Cobbsm /I RD E R E D, That Sir Chr. Sir Roger

Bradshaw, Mr. King, Mr. Mr. Rash leg, Sir

Hen.Goodrich, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for raising Money on Cobham House and Park is committed.

Kelsh&ll An ingrossed Bill for settling certain charitable Uses in

Charities. the Parish of Kelshall, in was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling certain charitable Uses in the Parish of Kelshall in

And Sir John Pettus is to carry up the Bill to the Lords.

Brend’i Sir Tho. Stringer reports from the Committee to whom

Eitatt. the Bill to enable Francis Bren Esquire to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, was committed, an Amendment, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerks Table: Where the same, being again twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, 8tc. That the Bill and Amendments be ingrossed.

Plat'ir* A Bill to enable Tho. Pto sell Lands for Payment

Debt*. of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

435

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply, for the Support of his present Alliances made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands, and lessening the Power of France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Deering reports from the said Committee,

That they had taken the Matter referred to them into their Consideration; and had agreed upon Two Votes:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the same are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Sec.That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Twenty-six Regiments of Foot, each of One thousand Men; Four Regiments of Horse, each of Four hundred and Ninety; Tw o Regiments of Dragoons, each of Nine hundred and Sixty; are necessary for the Support of his Majesty's present Alliances made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands-, and lessening the Power of France.

Resolved, See. That the House be moved to appoint a Committee, to consider of the Charge of the said Regiments; and to report it to the House.

And humbly moved from the said Committee, That they might have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

The said Votes being again read: A Motion being made, That the Words " during an actual War against France," may be added to the First of the said Votes; and the Words " for a Month" may be added to the latter;

The Question being put, To agree with the said Committee in the said Votes, with the said Additions;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Ac. That, during an actual War against France, Twenty-six Regiments of Foot, each of One thousand Men; Four Regiments of Horse, each of Four hundred and Ninety; Two Regiments of Dragoons, each of Nine hundred and Sixty, are necessary for the Support of his Majesty’s present Alliances made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands-, and lessening the Power of France.

Resolved, Ac. That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Charge of the said Regiments, for a Month; and to report it to the House;

And it is referred to the same Committee to whom the Consideration of the Charge of the setting forth and maintaining the Ninety Ships of War is referred.

Resolved, Ac.That this House will, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply, for the Support of his Majesty’s present Alliances made with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Preservation of the Spanish Netherlands; and lessening the Power of France.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Eight of the Clock.

7° — 8 p° Febmani:

Is?

I*

French Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for prohibiting

Manufac- French Wine, Brandy, Linen, Salt, Silks, Paper, and all ,urw* other Commodities of the Grow th or Manufacture of France, for the Term of Three Years:

And it is referred to Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Eliah Mr. Pernio, Colonel BirdteSir Coventry, Sir Tho.

Lee, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Meeres, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the Bill.

Silk and A Bill against importing foreign Silk and Woolen Woolen Manufacture, was read the First time.

Manilla*- Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time, after Ten of the Clock.

Army An Establishment of the Charge of maintaining a

Eitiunte, Regiment of Foot was read.

Ordered, That the Establishment, now read, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House. You IX,

Sabbati, 9° die Februarii, 1677-

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the Lord

Bill concerning the Lord Mat-ley was committed, be Morley* revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly E,tate* appointed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldzvin Bill* sent and Sir Edward Law; from Lord*.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills; the one intituled, An Act for the Punishing of Atheism and Blasphemy; the other, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of a Decree made in the Court of Chancery the Four-and-twentieth Day of February, Anno regni Regis Caroli Secundi vicesimo septimo, in a Cause be-

tween Sir Francis Rodes Baronet, since deceased, and,

Dam«

1

9°-t-i 2° Februarii. 1677.

43<5.

Dame Martha his Wife, Plaintiffs; and William Thornton an Infant, by Cyprian Thornton his Guardian, and John Thornton, and the said Cyprian Thornton; and of several Conveyances and Assurances made by the said Sir Francis Rodcs, in pursuance thereof, as well for Payment of his Debts, as for Provision for his Wife and Children To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Cooper’s A Petition of Jane Cooper was read; complaining of a

Estate. Damage which may come to her, by a Bill depending in this House, for Sale of the Estate of Cooper; whereby she may be defeated of a just Debt.

Ordered, That this Petition be committed to the same Committee to which the Bill for Sale of Cecil Coopers Estate was committed; to examine, whether the Lands to be sold by the Bill, be subject to the Debt demanded by the Petitioner; and to report the Matter to the House, when they report the Bill.

Resolved,&c. That the Bill.do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

And Sir Charles Wheeler is to return the Bill to the Lords. ' -

Serjeant Rigby reports from the Committee to whom West Derby I j|ato

the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the "edexj^’rs

Ascertaining and Establishing of the Interest of the Lord ‘ '

and Copyhold Tenants of the Manors of West Derby and H are tree in the County Palatine of La, in relation to their Lines and Commons, was committed, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and returned;

it without any Amendments.

And the Bill being read a Third time; j 5s?

Resolved, Ac. That the Bill do pass: And that the j l(

Title be agreed.

And Sir Charles Wheeler is to return the Bill to the Lords.

Interment of Ordered, That the Bill for erecting of a Monument for Charles I. his lat j Sacred Majesty King Charles the First be delivered

in, and read on Tuesday Morning next.

Cotton’s A Bill to enable Sir John Cotton Baronet to dispose of

Estate. a Messuage called St. and Lands therewith

used near St. Albans in the County of was read

the Second time.

Resolved, Ac. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Otway, Mr. F.yres, Sir John Darnahy, Sir Courtney Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Mr. Sir 7

Sir 7 ho.Proby, Sir Gilbert Mr.

Sir Charles 1! heeler, Mr. Sir

Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Pridcanx Sir Trevor Sir

Jos. Tnaenham, Sir John Sir 7 Sir Lyon:! 1 I!a bleu, Sir 7 Allen, Sir Rob. Howard,

and all the Members that serve for the Counties of 7 jord, Huntington, and And they are to meet

on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Durham Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

Writ Elections do take the Matter concerning Durham into

Consideration; and return their Report therein with all convenient Speed.

Irregular Adjournments,-

The House then, according to their Order, took up the Debate concerning the lute Adjournments of the House.

A Motion being made, ’1 hat the House w ould now adjourn;

The Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

T >11 - JS'lr John Haunter,

e eis, (g0i0ue^ Strode,

Tell Hm'’

[Mr. Lyres,

J

for the Yeas, 131. for the Noes, 121.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Trustees of Bryan LordCul-Viscouni Cullen to sell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, len’» Estate, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, Ac. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Trustees of Bryan Viscount Cullen, of the Realm of Ireland, to sell or dispose of Lands in Elmeslhorpein the County of Leicester, for tire Payment of Debts, and raising a Portion for his Daughter.

And Sir Charles IVheeler is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wheeler do return the Bill, Kt-Uiall's sent from the Lords, concerning Mr. Beadle, and do Chaniae. carry up the Act for the better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries, and the Act for settling certain charitable Uses for the Benefit of the Town of Kelshallin Sujfolke, to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

A Bill for enabling Trustees to sell Lands for Payment Thorold’s of the Debts of Sir Wm. ThoroklKnight, deceased, was Estate,

read the First time.

Resolved, Ac. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Birch presents to the House a Bill for settling Renter lot a Publick Register for Lands, in \he several Counties of Lands, this Kingdom.

And the Bill being read;

Resolved, Ac. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committees that were to have sat Commitaes, on Saturday last, in the Afternoon, and were adjourned hv order of the House, he revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Light of the Clock.

Mortis, 12° die F1677.

U'j,

Committees, Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lutue, 11* die 1677-

Cobham QIR Charles Wheeler reports from the Committee to Estate. O whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money upon Cobham House and Park, some Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were again twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

And the Bill, with the Amendments, being read a Third time; .

P It A Y E R S.

All I L L, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for nodes’

Confirmation of a Decree made in the Court of Decree, Ac. Chancery, the Lour- and-twentioth Day of February, Anno regni Regis Caroli Secundi viccsimoseptimo, in a Cause

between Sir Francisllocles Baronet, since deceased; and

Dame Martha his Wife, Plaintiffs; and Thornton

an Infant, by Ciprion Thornton His Guardian, and John Thornton, and the said CipriatiThornton, Defendants; and of several Conveyances and Assurances made by the said Sir Francis Rudes, in pursuance thereof, as w ell for Payment of his Debts, as lor Provision of his Wife and Children; was read the First time.

Resolved, Ac. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Otway reports from the Committee to whom Lord

the Bill to enable the Lord Mot ley to sell Lands for Pay- Mor ey’s ment of his Debts, was committed, That the Committee Lstilte-liad perused the Bill; and had summoned and heard all

] 5 Parties

jo Car. II.

12° — t 40 Februarii.

437

: V,.

iV.

Kavv and Army Estimates.

is committed, have Leave to sit this Morning, during the

Sitting of the House.

Thompson's, fcc. Estates.

irdf.

if»L;

Insolvent

Debtors.

Poor Laws.

Interment of Charles I.

Kewarke

Election.

Parties concerned i And had returned the Bill without for did not come in due Time, according to

any Amendment. the Orders of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Consider- Sir Tho. Mcercs reports from the Comriiittee of Elec- %e Election, ation of the Estimate of the Charge of setting forth and tiens and Privileges, the State of the Case touching the maintaining Ninety Ships of War, for a Month, and of Election for the Borough of alias Eye, in the

the Charge of Six-and-twenty Regiments of Foot, Four County of Suffolke: Ana that the Committee had agreed Regiments of Horse, and Two Regiments of Dragoons, upon a Vote: Which he read in his Place: And after-

-----:"-J i--- t wards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and is as followeth:

Resolved, See. That Robert Reeves Esquire is duly A Bill for the better Discovery of the Estates of Rickard elected to serve in this Parliament, for the Borough of Thompson, Edward Nelthrop, and others, Bankrupts, was Heye, alias Eye, in the County of Suffolke.

read the Second time. TL"A ' 1 '* rr

Resolved, See. That this Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Meers, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Lord Russell, Mr Wharton, Sir Mich. JVharton, Sir JVm JVentworth,

Mr. Powle, Mr. Palmes, Colonel Titus, Mr. Crowch, Sir Robert Berkley, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Edm. Jcnings, Col.

Sandys, Mr. Progers, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tulse, Mr. Stock-

dale, Mr. Man, Alderman Bence, Lord Latimer, Lord Dumblaine, Sir Hen. Puckering, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho.

The Question beingput, To agree with the Committee; The House divide.

Tellers, jjfj/ j For the Yeas, 142.

Tellers

/Mr. Stockdale, ’(A

9»*

[Mv. Palms, } For the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Sec. That Robert Reeves Esquire is duly elected to serve in this Parliament, for the Borough of

JVi/liams, Sir A damBrowne, Major Bro.rholme, Mr. IVilker, Heye, alias Eye, in the County of Suffolke.

Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr./i Veld, SivcJos. Tridcnham, Sir John

Banks, Mr. Rob. Wright, Sir Fr.Roltes, Mr. Neale, Sir Sir Tho. Meeres reports from the Committee of Privi- Bridport John Kirle, Mr. Tregonwell, Mr. Eyres, Sir Fr. Drake, leges and Elections, That the Committee had taken the Eltiction* Sir Rob. Dillington, Mr. Bilson, Sir Rich.Everard, Sir Matter concerning the Election for the Borough of Brid-Anth. Irby, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Norton, Sir port the County of into their Consideration; and

JVm. Franckland, Sir JVm. Thompson, Mr. Buscaucn, Sir had agreed upon a Vote: Which he read in his Place;

Fr. C/erke, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Marvell, Mr. Morris, Sir J J"' 1 *'

John Talbot, Lord O Brief 1, Mr. Papillon, Sir Jon.Tre-lawny, Sir Rog. Bradshaw, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Pitts, Sir

JVm. Lowther, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir John Dawncy, Sir

Scrop How, Sir Rob. Carr, Sir Rob. Thomas, Mr. Pepys,

Sir Ch. Wheeler, Sir John Barnaby, Lord Gorge, Mr.

Solicitor General, and all the Gentlemen of this House, that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet in the Inner Court of Wards, on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And they are also to inspect and peruse the Statutes against Bankrupts; and to provide Remedies to supply such Defects as they shall find therein; and to report the same to the House: And the Parties concerned in this Bill are to be summoned to come in, and be heard, if they please; and are to have the Privilege of this House, in coming to, and attending the Com-

and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and, upon the Question, agreed to, and is as followeth

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Bo is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Bridport in the County of Dorset.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 14* die Februarii, 1677.

Prayers.

ABIL L, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Gary’s _ . the Settling certain Lands belonging to William, Estate,

mittee; and in their Return Home: And the Committee Gay, of Bushmead in the County of Bedford, Esquire, in

is impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for Release of poor Prisoners for Debt, was read the Third time:

And Three Amendments made at the Table, by mak

Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of Thorold't

ing the " Six-and-twentieth of March!' the "Second of the Debts of Sir William Knight, deceased, was E4tuU*

February."

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Discharge of Persons in Prison for Debt, before the Second of February 1677.

read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hanmer, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Six Jonath.

Tre/awny, Sir John Covert, Six John Barnaby, Sir Tho. Allot, Mr. Price, Sir John Knight, Sir Nick. Pedley, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Coriton, Sir Anth.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Laws concerning the Poor is committed, be Irby, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Mr. Maynard, Mr.

revived; and do sit this Afternoon. Pierpoint, Mr. Collingwood, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir

Talbot, Major Broxholme, Sir Tho. Mr. Bertie,

Sir Tho. Meeres delivers in a Bill for the more decent Sir Ralph Sir Sir Stringer,

and solemn Interment of his late Sacred Majesty King Sir Lceke, Sir JVm. Thompson, Mr. Jones, Sir Jolcn Charles the First; and erecting a Monument: Which was Lawther, Sir Tho. Proby, Sir Joint Pelham, Sir Rob. read the First time. Southwell, Reynold Graham, Mr. Garraway, Sir

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time. Warwick, Mr. Mr. Cheney, Sir Ch. Harhord,

Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Palmes, Sir Nic.

Sir Tho. Meeres reports from the Committee of Privi- Slatting, Sir John Farwick, Colonel Tempest, Lord Castle-leges and Elections, to whom it was referred to consider, ton, Mr. Williams, Mr. Love, Mr. Wright, Sir Denny Whether the Petition of PenistonJVhalley Esquire waspre- Ashburnham, Mr. Greenvilc, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Cyrill ferred within the Time limited by Order of the House, JVyche, Sir Fr. Clarke, Sir Rich. Mr.

That the Committee had taken the same into their Consi- Mr. Papillon, Mr. Mounson, Colonel Howard, and all deration; and had agreed upon a Resolve: Which he read that serve for the County of Lincolnc: And they are to in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and, in the Speaker’s Chamber, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as followeth.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition of Peniston WJutlley A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Stannary Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of a Burgess settling the Laws of the Stannaries of Dewon and Cornwall, Eawi* Vol. IX. 5 S and

43$

14° Februarii.

A. 1677-

and Encouragement of Adventurers in Tin; and Preser- The House then resolved into a. Committee of the vation of his Majesty’s Revenue arising in and by the whole House, to take the Report, now made, into Cou-same; was read the Second time. sideration.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Jonath.Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Trelavmy, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir John Knight, Sir Sir Edward Deering took the Chair of the Committee. Courtney Poole, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Morris, Mr. Spry, Mr. Speaker resumed die Chair.

Sir Fr. Drake, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Buscauen, Mr. Sir Edward reports from the Committee,

Mallet, Sir Nic. Slaning, Sir Rob. Southwell, Sir John That they had taken die Matter referred to them into

Talbot, Sir John Cary, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Tho. their Consideration; and had agreed upon Two Votes to Meeres, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Trevor, Sir John be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; Coriton, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Croncch, Sir Cop. Bampfeild, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Sir John Covert, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Prideaux, Mr. Eyres, Table: And are as followeth, viz.

Mr. Bailer, Sir John Mallet, Col. Birch, Sir Geo. Down- Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ing, Sir Rob. Dillington, Sir Ric. Edgcomb, Sir John That the Monthly Charge of setting forth and maintain-Bennet, S\r John Lowther, Mr. Sachaverell, Mr. Williams, ing Ninety Ships of War, viz. Four of the First Rate, Mr. Garraway, and all that serve for the Counties of Five of the Second Rate, Sixteen of the Third Rate,

Devon and Cornewall: And they are to meet Tomorrow Forty-seven of the Fourth Rate, Twelve of die Fifth,

at Two of die Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Rate, and Six of the Sixth Rate; together with Fire Chamber. Ships and Tenders; manned with Twenty-five thousand

Five hundred* Sixty-two Men; will amount to One hungry and Sir Tho. Lee reports from the Committee to whom it dred Eight thousand Eight hundred Forty Pounds Teq Army E*ti- was referred to consider of the Estimate of the Expence Shillings, for a Month, consisting of Twenty-eight Days;

raat«. of setting forth Ninety Ships of War, for a Month; and inclusive of the Office of Ordnance, and of Necessaries

of the Expence of Twenty-six Regiments of Foot, Four Regiments of Horse, and Two Regiments of Dragoons;

That the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration; and had ordered him to report as followeth; videlicet,

Resolved, See. That it be reported, as the Opinion of this Committee, That the Monthly Charge of setting

forth and maintaining Ninety Ships of War, viz. Four of the First Rate, Five of the Second Rate, Sixteen of the Third Rate, Forty-seven of the Fourth Rate, Tw elve Of the Fifth Rate, and Six of the Sixth Rate; together with Fire Ships and Tenders; manned with Twenty-five thousand Five hundred Sixty-two Men, will amount to One hundred Eight thousand Eight hundred Forty Pounds and Ten Shillings, for a Month, consisting of Twenty-eight Days; inclusive of the Office of Ordnance, and Necessaries for Sick on Board.

And further reported, That the Committee had not

for Sick Men on Board.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the total Expence lor One Month of Twenty-six Regiments of Foot; and the Total of Four Regiments of Horse, consisting of Eight Troops in each Regiment; and Two Regiments of Dragoons; amount# to Forty-nine thousand One hundred Thirty Pound* Thirteen Shillings Four-pence.

The First of the said Votes being read;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellprs /sir Courtney Poole,

ieileis, ^Mf Walker,

Tell /Sir Tho- Meeres,

tellers ’ {Mr. Stockdale,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the

| For the Yeas, 135, For the Noes, 102,

1,318

s. d.

11

2,163-----

Majesty yet to be fitted, as Part of the Ninety: That being not contained in the Monthly Expence.

And further reports,

That the Pay of a Regiment of Foot,' consisting of One thousand Men, with the Charge of Staff Officers, amounts, in the Total ——

The Total of Twenty-six Regiments 34,282 14 8 One Regiment of Horse, consisting of Four hundred Ninety Men inSixTroops, amounts, in the Total, with the Charge

of Officers.....- -

The Total of Four Regiments, con-\ g g__________

sisting of Six Troops in each Regiment J ’ 5 One Regiment of Horse, consisting"! of Four hundred Ninety Men, in Eighth 2,354 11 4

Troops in each Regiment - - - -J The Total of Four Regiments, con-" sisting of Eight Troops in each Regiment -

One Regiment of Dragoons, consist-"! ing of Four hundred Ninety Soldiers,!* 2,714 16 8

and the Officers, amounts to - - -J

Total of Two Regiments - - - 5,429 13 4

"I For the Yeas, 147.

J

For the Noes,

9,418 5 4

M1

little*

ers

m

Total Expence for One Month of T Twenty-six Regiments of Foot; and the I Total of Four Regiments of Horse, con- -sisting of Six Troops in each Regiment; and 1 wo Regiments of Dragoons -If each Regiment of Horse consists of"

Eight Troops in each Regiment - - ’

Ordered, That the Report now made be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Houser

Filth Rate, and Six of the Sixth Rate; together with Fire Ships and Tenders; manned with Twenty-five thorn-sand Five hundred Sixty-Two Men; will amount to One hundred Eight thousand Eight hundred Forty Pounds Ten Shillings, for a Month, consisting of Twenty-eight Days; inclusive of the Office of Ordnance, and of Necessaries for sick Men on Board.

The latter of the said Votes being read;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers -fMr' Progers,

’\Mr Windham,

Toll JSir Wm- Hickman,

fellers, ^.Ir> Palmes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved,&c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the total Expence for One Month ior Twenty-six Regiments of Foot; and the Total of Four Regiments of Horse, consisting of Eight Troops in each Regiment; and Two Regiments of Dragoons; amounts to Forty-nine thousand One hundred Thirty Pounds Thirteen Shillings Four-pence.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Committed Afternoon, be adjourned.

c

43,364 8 —

49,130 13 4

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

jo Car. II.

i 50 Febru

4$9

ferend’i

Estate.

"-.{Mr" 1$ %, }forth°Ve"’

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be rejected.

73«

151-

An Act for suppressing the Growth of Popery. And Mr. Poxcle is to go up with the Message.

Poor Laws.

Northern

Borders*

Ledbury

Vicartge.

Veneris, 15® die Februarii, 1677*

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Francis Brend Esquire* to sell Lands, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Francis Brend Esquire, the surviving Son and Issue Male of Sir Mathew Brend Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, tore- Lords re. Knight, deceased, to sell certain Lands for the raising m{n(j them’ of the Bill sent from this House, intituled, of Three thousand Pounds for the Portions of Francis ... and Elizabeth Brend the Daughters of Tho. Brend Esquire, deceased, late elder Brother of the said Francis

Brend. Six John Trevor reports from the Committee, to whom Preservation

And Sir Adam Brown is to carry up the Bill to the the Bill for Preservation of the Piscary in several Rivers of Fishing. Lords for their Concurrence. of this Kingdom, some Amendments, agreed by the

Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Several Amendments being proposed to be made at the Table;

And a Motion being made for Re-commitment of the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And they are to sit thip Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr* Speaker do issue forth his Warrant Westmorland to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Ivnight of the Shire to serve in this

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect and peruse the Laws concerning the Poor; and consider, Which of them are fit to be repealed, and which confirmed; and to consider of Remedies and Expedients to prevent the great Growth and Increase of the Poor; and to supply the Defects of the former Laws, for settling and keeping the Poor on Work; and easing the Charge of the Country.

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Edw. Deering,

Mr. Cheat/, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Knight, Six Ch. IVheeler, Sir Geo. Don ning, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Crmvch, Sir Win.Lawther Mr. Wright, Sir Fr.

Drake, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Rob. Carr, Mr. Buscaw Sir

Sir Trevor Williams, Col. Birch, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir present Parliament for the County of Westmorland, in

room of Sir Phillip Musgrave, deceased.

Mr. Secretary Williamson delivers in a Paper, contain- Army ing, A List of the General Officers in the Army, and Officer*, their Entertainment.

The Question being put, That the Paper delivered in

by Mr. Secretary Williamson, be read.

The House divide.

112.

Popish Re.

cusants.

Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Pleydall, Sir Fr. Russell, Mr. Williams, Col. Sands, Mr. W istphaling, Sir Wm. Wentworth,

Sir Geo.Reeves, Sir Adam Broume, Mr. Morris, Sir Edw.

Harlo, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Ch. Harbord, Mr. Garra-

Voay, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Geo. Dawning reports from the Committee to

whom the Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine, was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Augmentation of the Vicarage of Ledbury in the County of Hereford, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Mr. Westphaling, Col. Birch,

Sir Edw. Harlow, Sir John Knight, Sir Jos. Tredenham,

Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Raio. Barkeley, Sir John Birkenhead,

Mr. Price, Col. Sandys, Sir Ric. Temple, Sir Court. Poole,

Mr. Crawch, Sir Tho. Allen, Major Brow holme, Sir Trevor Williams, Col. Titus, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir John Talbot,

Sir Ad. Browne, Mr. Morris, Si r Gilbert Talbot, Sir Hen.

Puckering, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Geo.

Downing, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Hright, Seij Rigby, ciuincu uu* vuc, miu si^unicu mjui iji» uctum w uc Sir Jo. Hobart, Sir Jo. Bamaby, Mr. Osborne, and all Agreement of the Parties, rather than his Judgment, that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, and cording to Right and Law.

Worcester: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Resolved, ,&c. Tfiat this House doth agree with the Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court Committee, That, whereas, on the Thirtieth Day of of Wards: And they are to summon and hear all Parties last, an Election was intended to be made of a Knight of concerned: And are impowered to send for Persons, the Shire, for the County of Dorset, upon a Writ legally ~ ’ issued for that Purpose; that such Election and Return,

made thereupon, are void:

Because the said Sheriff’did not execute or obey his Writ. Because he left divers Freeholders unpolled; and made no due Proclamation before he closed the Poll.

Because he did not number those Voices he had polled; The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; nor declare, who he judged to be duly elected.

The House divide. Lastly, He returned Two Persons, when he Should have

The Yeas go forth* returned but One; and signified such dais Return to be

Vol. IX.. ,he

The Yeas go forth.

Tellera-{si?£« } for ,l,e Noes, 137-

And so it passed in the Negative.

Sir Tho. Meeres reports from the Committee of Privi- Dorse leges and Elections, the Alatter iipon the Election of a Flection, Knight of the Shire, for the County of That

the Committee, taking the same into Consideration, had ordered him to nwke this Report following;

Whereas, on the Thirtieth Day of last, an Election w as intended to be made of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Dorset, ypon a Writ legally issued for that Purpose.

Resolved, &c. That such Election, and the Return thereupon, are void:

Because the said Sheriffdid not execute or obey his Writ.

Because he left divers Freeholders unpolled; and made no due Proclamation before he closed the Poll.

Because he did not number those Voices he had polled; nor declared who he judged to be duly elected.

Lastly, he returned two Persons, when he Should have returned but One; and signified such his Return to be the

ac-

Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Explanation of an Act, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

44°

Dorset Writ

Jurying in Woolen,

Rodes* Decree, &c.

Winstead

Manor.

15® — -i 6° — 18° Februarii.

A. 1677.

the Agreement of the Parties, rather than his Judgment, A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool into Fo- Exporting according to Right and Law. reign Parts, was read the Second time. "°°1,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Debate, to Sir Tko. Meeres, Sir Sir

the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this Knight, Mr. Sir Court. , Sir Tho. Lee, Mr.

present Parliament for the County of Dorset, in the room Hall, Mr. Spry, Mr. Mr. Sir

" ' " -- rds. Willia Sir Tho. Hatton, Mr. Sir Cha. liar-

of the Lord Digby, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, to enforce the Burying in Woolen, with further Penalties: And it is referred to Mr. Goreing, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Trevor I Williams, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Garraicay, Sir George Dozening, Mr. Waller, Sir John Knight, Mr.

Mr. Mallet, or any Three of them; to prepare and bring in the Bill: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 16° die , 1677.

ABILL, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of a Decree, made in the Court of

lord. Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Sir Robert

Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Higgins, Sir Robert Conn, Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. King, Sir Bayn.Throgmorton, Col. Birch,

Sir Fr. liolles, Sir John Cary, Sir Cop. Bampfeild, Mr. Windham, Mr. Palmes, Sir H Lord O Brien, Mr. Baseazven, Sir Edu’.Deering, Col. Titus, Sir Hugh Bet hell. Sir 7 ho.Mompesson, Sir , Sir Richard

Temple, Mr. Pcicle, Mr. Sirin fen, Mr. Mr. Pa-

pi lion, Mr. Pepys, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Secretary Coventrey,

Sir John Talbott, Sir Fran.Russell, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir Wm. Hazt'urd, Mr. Morrice, Sir IVm. Mr.

Westphaling, Mr Osborne, Sir John Holland, Mr.

nnoay, Mr. Slock dale, Sir John Lou Sir John Berken-

head, Sir John Trevor, Sir Jos. Lord Castle-ton, Mr. Crowell, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Sir Richard Wiseman, Mr. SerfRigby, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir

Wm. Lowther, Lord Cavendish, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Mallett, Mr. Wright: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to consider of the Ways and Means

Chancery, the Four-and-twentieth Day of February, Anno for encouraging the Wearing and Using ot Woolen Ma-

Regni Regis Caroli Secundi vicesimo septimo, in a Cause between Sir Francis Rodcs Baronet, since deceased, and Dame Martha his Wife, Plaintiffs; and William Thorn ton an Infant, by Cyprian Thornton, his Guardian; and John Thornton, and the said Cyprian Thornton, Defendants; and of several Conveyances and Assurances, made by the said Sir Francis Rodes in pursuance thereof, as w ell

nufactures at Home, for some certain Months in the Year; and of regulating the Woolen Manufactory, and rectiiying the Frauds and Abuses therein: And to consider" of the Fees of the Officers of the Custom House; and to regulate and reduce the same: And to consider of the Abuses of the Aulnage; and of the Alum Patent.: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this After-

for Payment of his Debts, as for Provision for his Wife noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to

and Children; was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Osborne, Sir Hum.Winch, Mr. G Sir

Sir Wm. Harvard, Sir Ch. H Lord Castleton, Sir Jos. Tridenham, Sir Ric.Wiseman, hit.Bertie, Mr. CVwr

Sir John Talbot, Sir Wm. Franckland, Sir Rich.

Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Newton, Sir Hen. Puckering, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Lyonel Walden, Mr. Wright, Mr.

send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Hacket and Bills sent

Sir John Franklyn; from Lad*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of the Right honourable Edward Earl of Warwick and Holland to make Leases of several Messuages, herein after-mentioned,

Morris, Lord Ashley, Sir Fr. Clarke, Sir John Barnaby, during his Minority; rendering the improved Relit: To

Foreign

Protestants.

Sir Rog. Bradshaw, Sir Rob.Dil/ington, Sir

Major Bro.vhol/ne, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Pierpoint, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of and

Derby: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for discharging the Manor of Winstead in the County of York, from a Settlement in Tail, and charging ' other Manors and Lands in the County of Lincolne, with the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering and licensing of Protestant Strangers and Foreigners to exercise their Trades, in the Places mentioned in this Act, was read the First time

which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Amendments sent from this House to the Bill, on the Behalf of Robert Coke Esquire; and to the Amendments to the Bill to enable Trustees to raise Money on Cobham House and Park.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, at Ten of the Clock, proceed further in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Fr. Drake, Sir Thompson’* Tho. Lee, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Buller, Mr. Vane, &c-Sir Phil. Llarecourt, Sir Ric. Graham, Mr. Sachaverell,

Air. Garrazcay, Sir Eliah Harvey, Capt. Sir Wal-

ter St. Johns, Mr. Love, be added to the Committee, to

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, in S°in the BUJ, for *e better Discovery of the Estates of a full House. and Nclthrop, and other Bankrupts, is committed.

Atheism and Blasphemy.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Punishing of Atheism and Blasphemy, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, in a full House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 18* die Februarii, 1677.

Lord Mor- A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to 1*/* Estate, enable the Right honourable Thomas Lord Morley and Mounteagle, to make Sale of the Manor of Farlton, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in Farleton, in the County of Lancaster, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

ABILL to enable Thomas Thyn Esquire to settle a Thyn’sJoiu-Jointure upon his Wife, was read the First time. ture* Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for discharging the Manor of Winstead in the Winstead County of York from a Settlement in Tail; and charge- Manw. ing other Manors and Lands in the County of Lincolne, with the same Uses; was read the Second time.

Thompson's, &c. Lb talcs.

Cotton’s

Estate.

Baptism and Catechising.

Inquiry after a missing Bill.

Sopply.

Committees.

30 Car. II. 18° — 190 Februarii. 44

Resolved\ See. That this Bill be committed to Mr. Green-vile, Sir lien. CapeltSir Tho. Meeres, Sir drill JVych, Sir John Lozrlher, Colonel Tempest, Mr. Mann, Sir/;*. Russell\ Sir Gcrvas Elwcs, Sir IVill. Hickman, Sir JVm. Harvard, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Crowd/, Sir John Covert, Sir Bain. Throgmorton, Mr. III!Hams, Capt. Price, Mr. Newport, Lord Cast Idea, Sir John Talbot, Sir Robert Barkdey, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Lyoncll I Valdai, Sir Terringham,

Colonel Phillips, Mr. Da’mahoy, Sir Jon. Trelaitny, Sir 77/o. J\ illiams, Sir Mich. JI hart on, Mr. Westpha/ing, Mr. Guy, Mr. Berwerman, Mr. May, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Geo. Dozening, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Percy Guning, Sir John Knight, Mr. Onslow, Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Tre lawny, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. II right, Sir Chr. Masgrave, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Cidiijord, Colonel Sinulys, Sir 7ho. Littleton, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of York and Lincolne: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to peruse the Settlement mentioned in the Bill; and to report it to the House: And they are impowered to send for persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of the Estates oi Thompson and Nett Imp, was committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon 111 the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Decring, Mr. Mallet, Sivllm. Puckering, Mr. JVcstjduding, ?\Ir. Rigby, Sir John llowytr, Mr. (7/a/y, Sir Bain. Throgmorton, Sivllic. Everard, Mr. Morris, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Er. Clerke, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill on the Behalf of Sir John Cotton is committed.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act concerning Baptism and Catechising, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. rl hat the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Clerk do inquire after the Bill, sent from the Lords, concerning clandestine and irregular Marriages; which was taken out of the House on 7hars-day last, by some Member; and give an Account of it to the House on Wednesday Morning next.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, Sec. That the House do how resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Decring took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Hir Edward Decring reports from the Committee, That the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration; and had agreed upon a Vote: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Sec. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds he raised, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the Ennch King.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Bounds be raised, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the Ennch King.

Resolved, Sec. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Manner of raising the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Vo 1.. IX.

Mortis, 19° die Februarii, 1677*

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the Bill Hearth for regulating Abuses in collecting the Duty of Money. Hearth Money, was committed, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And that Mr. Morris, Mr.

Palmes, Sir John Hotham, Sir Rich. Graham, Sir John Rcresby, Mr. Sfockda/e, Sir Metcalfe Robinson, Sir Hen.

Thompson, Sir Hugh Bethel/, Mr. Pinpoint, be added to the said Committee.

Nr. Crouch reports from the Committee to whom the Cotton^ Bill to enable Sit John Cotton Baronet, to dispose of a Mes- Estate, suagecalled St. Germans and Lands used therewith near St. Albans in the County of Hertford, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and compared the same with the Deeds recited therein; and had summoned and heard the Parties concerned therein: And that they were all consenting the reto: And that the Committee had agreed upon the Amendment to be made to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was again tu ice read, and, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendment agreed to, be ingrossed.

O ' o

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Gery’s Settling certain Lands belonging to Wm. Gay of Bush- Estate. mean in the County of Beclford Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That this Bill be committed to Sir Edm.

Jenings, Mr Crouch, Sit John Covert, Sir John Fenwick,

Sir John Burnaby, Sir John Heath, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Okely,

Mr. Buseawcn, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Percy Cloning, Captain Price, Sir Fr. Compton, Sir Lyoncll JValdai, Lord O Brien, Sir Nic. Pedley, Mr. West-pha/ing, Sir John Lowther, Sir A nth. Irby, Mr. Mann,

Mr. Williams, Mr. Henly, Mr. Daniell, Sir 7ho. Proby, Sir Fr. Clarke, Colonel Titus, Sir Reger Bradshaw, Sir John Gore, Sir Er. Law/ey, Sir Fr. Russel I, Sir John Holman,

Sir IVill. Wentworth, Sir IVill. Terringham, Sir Will.

Harvard, Sir Adam Bnrwne, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. May,

Sir John Newlon, Sir Rob. Barnham, Sir John Napier,

Mr. St. Johns, Sir Ch. Wheeler, Sir drill JVich, Sir Hen.

Capell, Mr. fi l ight, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Austin,

Mr. Grey, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir Ji m. Beecher, Dr. Arris,

Mr. JVeid, and all that serve for the Counties of Bedford, Huntington, and Cambridge: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine on the xorl]lrrrt Northern Borders, was read the Third time. Borders.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Continuance of Two former Acts, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England.

And Sir John Trevor is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to whom Preservation the Bill for Preservation of the pishing in several Rivers 04 Ashing, of this Kingdom, was re-committed, That the Committee had agreed to several Amendments to be made to the Bill and Title; and had adapted the same to the River of Seaverne only: Which Amendments he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

And the Bill, with the Amendments, being read a Third time;

Remixed, Sec. That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, A Bill for Preservation of the Pishing in the River of Scare? ?ie.

5 T The

'Mi

44a

l9

20" Febru

A. 1677.

Ways and Cleans.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of "the Manner of raising the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King.

Mr. Speaker left the Clrair.

Sir E(ht\ Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edzc. Deeringreports from the said Committee,

That they had taken the same into their Consideration; and had agreed upon Three Votes, to be reported to the House: Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: And the same are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards the Ten hundred thousand Pounds to be raised for his Majesty's Supply, a particular Charge shall be laid upon all Buildings, which since the Year One thousand Six hundred and Fifty-six have been erected upon new Foundations without the City of London, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality.

Resolved, See. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That that Charge shall be One Half-year’s Kent of the full yearly Value.

Resolved,&c. That the House be moved to appoint a Committee, to take such Surveys and Estimates as shall be brought to them, in order to ascertaining the Value.

And humbly moved from the said Committee, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow.

The First of the said Votes, being read, w as, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That towards the Ten hundred thousand Pounds, to he raised for his Majesty’s Supply, a particular Charge shall be laid upon all Buildings, which since the Year One thousand Six hundred and Fifty-six have been erected upon new Foundations without the City of London, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality.

The Second of the said Votes being read;

A Motion being made, for leaving out the Words " Year’s Bent;"

The Question being [nit, To agree with the Committee in the said Vote so amended;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, £tc. the full yearly Value.

Resolved, Sec. That a Committee be appointed to take such Surveys and Estimates as shall he brought to them, in order to ascertaining the Half of the full yearly Value of the said Houses: And they are to consider of the Numbers of them; and of the Values thereof; and of an Estimate of One-half of the full yearly Value; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Col. Birch, Sir Sir

Jos. Tridenham, Lord Brim, Mr. Palmes, Sir Ric.

Hiseman, Mr. Papil/on, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tito. Sir

EliabHarvey, Sir A nth. Irby, Mr. Neale, Mr. C roach, Sir Courtney Poole, Sir Joh Sir Tho. Sir Tho. Meercs, Mr. Spry, Mr. Secretary Sir

Hen. Capcll, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Love, Sir Ric. Temple, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Sir Ehees,

Sir Rob. Carr, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Hickman, Mr. May, Sir Tho. Littleton: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they arc impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Manner of raising the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King.

Committees Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

A1

Tliyn’s Jointure.

That That Charge shall be One-half of

Mercurii, 20* die F, 1(377-

Pbavers.

BILL to enable Thomas Thyn Esquire to settle a Jointure upon a Wife, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hall, Mr. Daniel/, Mr. Whitaere, Sir Sir

lington, Sir John Strode, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Mallet, Sir Ric. Ingoldsby, Sir Tho. MeMr. Morris, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Talbot, Sir John

Rolles, Mr. Eyres, Mr. CulliforSir Ch. llarbord, Sir

John Knight, Sir Jos. Trcdenham, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Tho. Mompcsson. Mr. Hcnly, Lord. Sir fCm.Franck-land, Sir John Coriton, Sir Jonath Sir John

Elxees, Sir ft m. I.oxether, Sir Ch. Mr. West -

phaling, Mr. Crouch: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant .1 Taynard have the Leave Leave of of tins House to go into the Country. Absence.

A Petition of John Coryton Esquire, complaining of Newport an undue Return for the Borough of in the Election.

County of Cornwall, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable pari of ^Var. the Guardian of the Right honourable Earl of wick and

Warwick and Holland to make Leases of several Mes- Holland’* suages herein after mentioned, during his Minority, ren- ^sUle* dering the improved Bent, w as read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of Herry’i the Debt of IIerry, deceased, was read the First time. Estate.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Debate concerning the Patent of the Hearth Mo-Duty of Hearth Money be proceeded in Tomorrow «ey l’iltLt* Morning, Ten of the Clock: And that the Farmers of the said Duty do then attend.

Sri"

li.

La

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways and w hole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of Mean*, the Manner of raising the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual M ar against the French King.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edxc. Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edrw.Deering reports from the said Committee,

That the Committee had sat; but had not ripened their Debates, so as to come to a Resolution: And humbly moved from the said Committee, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, Sec. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further In the Consideration of the Manner of raising the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King.

Ordered, That all Committees which were Yesterday Committ*;: discontinued, be revived; and do sit tins Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed, except the Committee to whom the Bill concerning Lindsey Level was committed: Which is revived; and to sit Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

3o Car. II.

2i° — 22° Februarit.

443-

Westhuiy

Lkcuoiu

iV,

u:-.

Scoppens', &c. Nat.

Colton's

taULe.

Leave t

AbitK-

Lfcl'&S

Exporting Coal, &c.

pj.fr. w/i a;

;qi

L»i

Cf.

Jit*

Reciter for l^uids.

Wcolily

Election.

Whvs and Means.

A Committee to sit.

Lindsey

Level.

Committees.

Jovis, 21* die Febrttarii, 1677.

A PETITION of William Esquire,

containing of au undue Return for the Borough of Westbury in the County of was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for Naturalizing of John Seoppens, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Sir John Cotton Baronet to dispose of a Messuage called St. and Lands

therewith used, near St. Albans in the County of -ford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir John Cotton Baronet to dispose of a Messuage called St. Jermans, and Lands therewith used, near St.Alban's in the County of Hertford', and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof: And that Sir George Downing do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Sir George Dozening reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Coal and Cyder; that the Committee had agreed upon a Bill to be reported to the House: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Resolved, Sec. That t!;e Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning next, after Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill of Registers be read on Monday Morning next, after the Bill for encouraging the Exportation of Coal and Cyder.

Ordered, That the Report of the Election for the Borough of Weohlybe made on Saturday Morning next.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Manner of raising the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Fdze. Durum, took the Chair of the Committee.

Veneris, 22* die Februarit 3677-

Praters.

f R Joseph Tredenham reports from the Committee Rodes’ De-

to whom the Bill, sent fr the Lords, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of a Decree made in the Court of Chancery, the Twenty-fourth Day of February, Anno Regni Regis Caroli Secundisept into, in a Cause

betw een Francis Rodes Baronet, since deceased, and Dame Martha his Wife, Plaintiffs; and Thprnton wa

Infant, by CiprianThornton his Guardian, and John

Thornton, and Ciprian Thornton, Defendants; and of several Conveyances and Assurances, made by the said Sir Francis Rodes in pursuance thereof, as well for Payment of his Debts, as for Provision for his Wife and Children; was committed: That the Committee had perused the Bill, and the Decree and Conveyances therein mentioned; and had summoned and heard all Parties concerned therein: And had returned the Bill without any Amendment.

Sir John Mallet reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Thomas Thynn Esquire to settle a Jointure upon a Wife, . . , That the Committee had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table. And the same being the re twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

&c.

TItvnns

Jointure.

Mr. Speaker renamed the Chair.

Sir Ecliv. Da ring reports from the said Committee, T1 at the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration; and had made a considerable Progress therein: And humbly moved from the said Committee, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow.

Resolved\ See. That this House will Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ] louse, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Manner of raising the Sum of Ten hundred

tu,

thousand Pounds, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom it is referred to consider of the Estimate of the One-half of the full yearly Value of the Houses which have been built upon new Foundations, without the City of London, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, since the Year 1656, do sit this Afternoon.

The Question being put, That the Committee, to

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Cce/l and Sir

Miles Cooke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm such Sale as hereafter shall be made of the Manor Allivoodleyin the County of by Sarah C if ton, the Widow of Robert Clifton, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And have commanded us to put this House in mind of the Bill sent dow n to this House, intituled, An Act to prevent clandestine and irregular Marriages; which they desire this House to expedite.

Mr. Palmes reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for regulating Abuses in collecting the Duty of Hearth Money, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill; Which he read in ins Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read.

Resolved, Sic. That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning the Stannary Laws is committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

A Petition of Robert Beach Gentleman, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was read; whereby he acknowledged his Offence, and begs the Favour and Pardon of the House.

The House being informed, That be is sick, and not fit to be brought to the Bar;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Clifton’s

Estate.

House reminded of a Bill.

Hearth

Money.

Stannary

Laws.

Privilege-Petition froni a person ia custody.

whom the Bill of Lindsey Level stands committed, do sit House do bring the said Robert Beach to the Bar of this

Tein

is.

this Afternoon;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

/Mr. Body,

’’ I Mr. Frogers,

J Sir Wm. Hickman,

I Sir Eliah Ilarvy,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That all other Committees, that were to sit this Altcrnoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Tellers, -

1

J

for the Yeas, 94. for the Noes, 73.

Vo L. IX.

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

House, so soon as he shall be in a fitting Condition to be brought.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of Ways and the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration Mean*, of the Manner of raising foe Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, for enabling his Majesty to enter into ait actual War against the French King.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir E(hv. Deeringtook foe Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Deering reports from the said Committee,

That they had made some further Progress therein; and

humbly

444

22° — 23°

A. 1677.

humbly moved, from the said Committee, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, See. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Manner of raising the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, for enabling his Majesty to enter into ments made of any Sort of Leather; under the Penalty an actual War against the French King. of Ten Shillings a time and Forfeiture of the Garment,

by Conviction; upon View of One Justice of Peace,

to wear no Garment, Stockings, or other sort of Apparel, but what is made of Sheeps Wool only, from the 1 east of All Saints to the Feast of the ione) Lady,

inclusive; that is to say, in any Cloaks, Coats, Doublets, Breeches, W'aistcoats, Gowns, Petticoats, or any suchlike Garments, either for Men or Women; except Gar-

Committees

added.

Ordered, That Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Tho. Byde, and Sir John Robinson, be added to the Committee, touching

the new Buildings.

Exporting

Wool.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool is committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

New Houses. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrants 1 to the Ministers, Churchwardens, and Collectors for the Poor, of the several Parishes without the City of London, and within the W eekly Bills of Mortality; to require them, and every of them, speedily to meet together; and

Confession of the Party, or credible Proof upon Oath by one or more Witnesses, before One Justice of the Peace, or before the Mayor or other chief Magistrate in Corporations; so as the Information be within Eight Duy3 after the Offence committed.

Resolved, Sec. That the Justices of Peace in the General Quarter Sessions of their several Counties, and the Mayor and Aldermen, or other chief Magistrates, in their several Corporations, may have a Power to make By Laws, for the well making, regulating, and surveying, of all Manufactures made of or mixed with Wool, in their respective Counties and Corporations; and the Sealing or Marking of them, before they are exposed to Sale; under the Penalty of Forfeiture of the said Good

with the Help of such Persons as they shall think fit to or. such Pecuniary Mulcts and Penalties, as to their

call to their Assistance, and by their Parish Books, and Bolls of Assessments, or otherwise, to draw up, and speedily transmit to Mr. Speaker, a List of all such Houses erected within their respective Parishes; with the Names of such Streets wherein they are upon new Foundations, since the Year 165(1; and also of such Foundations as are now laid, and not perfected; and to use their accordingly, utmost Diligence therein, so that there may be a speedy Account thereof.

Discretion shall seem meet and reasonable; not exceeding the Value of the said Goods.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Votes: And it is referred to Mr. Poole, Serj. Sets, Sir Geo. Donning, Col. Birch, Sir John Knight, and Sir Trevor Williams, to prepare and bring in the Bill

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 23° die Februarii, 1677-

Prayers.

Thompson’s, RDERED, That Mr. Guy, Sir James Smith, Sir

\c. Estates. John Rereshy, Mr. Co/linguood, Lord Morpeth, Sir

Rich. Wiseman, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of the Estates of Thompson had duly issued forth his Precept, pursuant to the Writ

Mr. Williams reports from the Committee of Elections Webly and Privileges, That the Committee had taken the ElectioB* Matter concerning the Election for the Borough of JFcbly in the County of Hereford, into their Consideration; and had examined the same; and agreed upon a Vote to he reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the (Jerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follmveth; viz.

Resolved, See. That Sir Tho. is duly elected

Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weblyin the County of Hereford.

A Debate arising in the House, Whether the Sheriff*

Geery’s

Estate,

A Committee revived.

Ledbury

Vicarage.

Merchant’s

Estate.

and Nellhrop, and others. Bankrupts, is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee to which the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Geery is committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Hilliard is committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

for making the said Election;-

A Motion being made, That the Matter may be recommitted;

The Question being put, That the Matter of the said Election be re-committed;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers /Sir Ro'

JLGllCiO.,) \ r r/i

; [Air. Ircuncm'if,

for the Yeas, loC.

Ordered, That Sir JohnU Sir Mr. Buscorcen, and Mr. Clark, be added to the Committee, to whom Ledbury Bill is committed.

for the Noes, 145.

qviWe /Nr A 1

CUU"’ [Mr. Man, '

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, That Sir Thomas Williams is duly elected a Burgess, to A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands, for Payment serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of of the Debts of Henry Merchant, a Lunatick, was read in the County of

Woolen

Manufacture.

the First time

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Powle reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool was committed; and to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for encouraging the Wearing of the Woolen Ma-

lt passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the Election for the Borough of Webly in the County of Hereford, is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Webly Writ, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, lor the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of llxbly in the County of

nuiactures, lor certain Months in the Year; and of re- ford, in the room of Sir Thomas Tompkins, deceased gulating the Woolen Manufactory, and rectifying the Frauds and Abuses therein; That the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration; and had agreed

upon some Votes to be reported to the House: Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed; and are as lolloweth;

Resolved, Sec. That all Persons whatsoever be enjoined 16

A Petition of Sir Walter Yonnge Baronet, complaining Newport of an undue Return for the Borough of Newport in the lda-twn. County of Cornexvall, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The

3oCar.IL a 3° — 2 5 445

Way* and Meant.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration, of the manner of raising the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering reports from the said Committee, That the Committee had taken the Matter referred to them into their Consideration; and had agreed upon a Vote for a Bill, and Heads for the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed; and are as followeth:

Resolved, &c. That Part of the Ten hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King, shall be raised by a Poll Bill.

I. That all Debts and ready Money shall be taxed in the said Bill.

II. That all Persons exercising any publick Office, Place, or Employment, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

III. That all Persons receiving any Pensions or Stipends from his Majesty, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

IV. That all Judges, and all Persons having any Judicial Office, or other Office or Place of Profit; and all Serjeants at Law, Counsellors, Attornies, Solicitors anti Scriveners; and all Advocates, Proctors and Publick Notaries; and all Persons practising the Art of Physick; shall be taxed in the said Bill.

V. That all Servants, receiving Wages, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

VI. That all and every Person and Persons, other than Such as receive Alms of the Parish; and the Children of such as receive Alms of the Parish, under the Age of Sixteen Years; shall be taxed in the said Bill.

VII. That all Dukes, Marquises, Earls, Viscounts, Barons, and their eldest Sons, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

VIII. That all Baronets, Knights of the Bath, and Knights Batchelors, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

IK. That all Esquires, or reputed Esquires, and all Persons owning or writing themselves such, shall be taxed, in the said Bill.

X. That all Gentlemen and reputed Gentlemen, and all Persons owning or writing themselves such, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

XI. That all Widows, according to the Dignity of their Husbands, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

XII. That every Gentleman, having an Estate of Three hundred Pounds, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

XIII. That all the dignified Clergy shall be taxed in the said Bill.

XIV. That all Persons that hold Two or more Benefices, having Cure of Souls, which shall amount together to the clear yearly Value of One hundred Twenty Pounds, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

XV. That all Merchant Strangers and Jews, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

XVI. That all Doctors of Divinity, Lawr, and Physick, except Doctors of Divinity which have no Ecclesiastical Benefice, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

XVII. That all Merchants trading in the Port of

London, and not being free of the City of shall be taxed in the said Bill.

XVIII. That all Merchants and others, using any Trade or manual Occupation, and holding a House of Thirty Pounds per Annum, within the City of London and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall be taxed in the said Bill.

XIX. That all Members of the East India Company shall be taxed for their Share in the joint Stock of the said Company.

XX. That all Members of the Company shall be taxed for their Share in the joint Stock of the said Company.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Vol. IX.

said Vote and Heads: And it is referred to Sir

Deering, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Meeres, and Sir Ch. Harboi'd, to prepare and bring in the same.

The House taking into Consideration the Way and Prote*taiioa Means of finding out the Bill that is missing, intituled,

An Act to prevent clandestine and irregular Marriages; 8

Resolved, &c. That the Protestation following be made and subscribed by the Members of this House,

I do protest before Almighty God, and this honourable House, that neither myself, nor any other to my Knowledge, have taken away, or do at this present conceal, a Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent clandestine and irregular Marriages. In Testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed my Name.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the House do prepare a Skin of Parchment, ruled w'ith Columns, fit for the Members to subscribe the same.

And - then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lunce, 25* die Februarii, 1677-

ORDERED, That the Matter concerning Lindsey Lindsey Level, as to the Right of the Members of this Level, House, be heard at the Bar of the House on this Day Sevennight: And that all Parties concerned be summoned to make their Defence.

The House being moved, That Robert Beach, now in privilege. Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, be called to the Bar and discharged;

A Motion being made, That the said Robert Beach may make some further Acknowledgment and Submis-. sion for his Offence;

Ordered, That Robert Beach, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for Breach of Privilege by him committed against Mr. Hall, a Member of this honourable House, do make an Acknowledgment and Submission for his Offence, at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County of

Ordered, That the said Robert Beach be called in to the Bar of the House, and discharged of his Commitment; under the Condition nevertheless of such Acknowledgment and Submission as aforesaid.

And the said Robert Beach being called in; and kneeling at the Bar; Mr. Speaker, after a Short Reprimand, acquainted him, That he was discharged, under a Condition of making an Acknowledgment and Submission for his Offence, at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County of JVilts; paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for regulating jjeartj, the Abuses in collecting the Duty of Hearth Money be Money, proceeded in Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill of Registers be read the Second Register for time, on Wednesday Morning next. Lands.

Sir Tho. Meers reports from the Committee of Privi* nurhanx leges and Elections, to whom it was referred to consider Writ, of the Matter of sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the City of Durham, That it did not appear plain to the Committee, from the said Act, Who shall order the Election, or be Judge of the Poll in the City of Durham:

If the Sheriff of the County, who hath only a Precept and no Writ, then he must order in this City, where there is a Mayor; the like is not done in England; and for which he hath no direct Authority by the Act: If the Mayor must order this Election, and be Judge of the Poll, then he must have a Precept so to do from the Sheriff, who acts but by a Precept himself; and then there is one Deputy making another Deputy, and Precept upon Precept; and for the latter Precept to the Mayor, there is no express Authority that appears in the said Act: But in regard it doth appear plain in the said Act who are to be the Electors in the said City; and that a Writ might issue, under the Great Seal of England to the Lord Bishop of

5 U,

Woolen

Manufacture.

Gloucester

Election*

Herring’s

Estate.

Thynne’s

Jointure.

Burying in Woolen.

Woolen

Manufacture.

44<$ 25* — T-260-

Durham, or his Temporal Chancellor, in order to the Electing Tw o Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City: And that the plain Intention of the said Actis, that the said City Should have Two such Citizens to serve them accordingly: Wherefore the said Committee were of Opinion to leave the said Doubt or Difficulty to further Consideration or Determination, if need require; and Resolved, That it be reported as their Opinion, That Mr. Speaker do make out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue forth a Writ, for chusing Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of,

{according to the said Act of Parliament.

The said Report being delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to issue forth a Writ, for chusing two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Durham, according to the Act of Parliament.

-27° Februarii. A. 1677.

Tkyn, Sir Gilb.Talbot, Sir Edw. Dieting, Sir Wm. Hick-

man, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. App Mr. Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Mr. Whittacre, Mr.

Love, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Lord O Brien, Sir John Elwes, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Stringer,

Mr. Spry, Sir Era. Rolls, Mr. P Sir John Knight, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir Tho.Proby, Sir Temple, Si

Clergis, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Sir

Nico. Slaning, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Sir

Lowther, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Wm. Mr.

Wright, Mr. Morris, Sir John Talbot: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Solicitor General delivers in a Bill for raising Pall Tax. Money by a Poll, pursuant to the Order of the House:

W'hich Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir George Dawning presents a Bill to the House, pursuant to the Order of the House, for encouraging the Wearing of Woolen Manufactures for certain Months in the Year; and for regulating the Woolen Manufactory, and rectifying Abuses therein: Which was read the First time.

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Wednesday next be set apart for hearing the Report of the Election for the City of Gloucester.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 26* die F, 1677. Prayers.

A BILL to enable Trustees to sell Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of John Herring, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Fran. Rolles, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Walter Chetwind, Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Anch. Gray, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Tho.Estcourt, Mr. Whittacre, Mr. Pepis,

Col. Gilby, Mr. Westphaling, Sir John Cary, Sir Rob.

Cann, Mr. 3laniard, Mr. Mallet, »Srir John Covert, Mr.

Wm. Chetwin, Mr. Ducket, Mr. John Gray, Mr. Vsbome, Sir John Rolles, Sir Fr. Drake, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. CulliJ'ord, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Southampton and H ilts: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thoma ynne Esquire to settle a Jointure upon a Wife, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass' And that the Title . An Act to enable Thonuts Thynne, of Long Lcat in the County of Wilts, Esquire, to settle a Jointure on a Wife, of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein mentioned: And that Sir John Mallett do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Sir George Denoting presents a Bill to enforce the

Burying in Woolen only, pursuant to the Order of the House: Which was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for encouraging the Wearing the Woolen Manufactory, and regulating the Making thereof, was read the Second time.

And a Debate being in the House thereupon:

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Geo. Sir Hen.

Capell, Col. Bird i, Sir Anth.Irby, Sir Sam.

Sir GenasEtxecs, Sir Cop. BampSir Trevor H

Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Cullijord, Sir Rob. , Mr.

17

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin Countess of and Sir Andrew Hacket; LmcoitA

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, c‘ at* intituled, An Act for the Naturalizing of de Galicre Countess of Lincolne, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the House adjourned till To-tnorrow

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 27* die Februarii, 1677-

Prayers.

Rnold Bouchery, John Vanhattenn, and George Woulfe,

did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Power be given for sending for Persons, Lindsey Papers, and Records, in the Cause concerning Level.

Level.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Ro<ks' Act for Confirmation of a Decree made in the Court ^ecrte> of Chancery, the Four-and-twentieth Day of February,

Anno RegniRegis Caroli Secundi in a

Cause between Sir Francis Rodes Baronet, since deceased,

and Dame Martha his Wife, Plaintiffs; William Thornton an Infant, by Cyprian Thornton his Guardian, and John Thornton, and the said Cyprian Thornton, Defendants; and of several Conveyances and Assurances made by the said Sir Francis Rodes in pursuance thereof, as well for Payment of his Debts, as for Provision for his Wife and Children; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill tlo pass: And that the Title be agreed.

Ordered, That Sir John Hammer and Mr. Wright be famine's added to the Committee to whom the Bill of F‘slate'

and Couper is committed.

A Bill for raising Money by a Poll was read the Poll Tax. Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Sec. That an Instruction be given to the said Committee, That no Wine, Brandy, Salt, Linen, Silk,

Paper, and no other Commodities of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of France, or any of the Dominions or Territories of the French King, shall be imported for Three Years; and that wheresoever they shall be found, they shall be burnt and destroyed; and that on the Persons, in whose Hands they are found, there be inflicted Penalties equal to the Value of the Commodities that shall be found in their Hands.

Resolved, Sec. That it be referred to the Committee, to consider of an appropriating Clause.

Resolved, Sec. That the Committee do consider, Whether French Wine and Brandy shall be taxed.

Resolved,

30 Car. II. 27* — 28°Februarii — 1° Martii.

447

Resolved, Sic. That the Committee do consider of a Time to be limited, after which the French Commodities shall be destroyed.

Sir Edmund reports from the Committee to Gery's

whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate, for settling certain Lands belonging to Gery, of Bushmeadm the County o Esquire, upon Trustees

Restoring A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin to be sold for the Payment of Debts, That the Cotn-Lord Audley, §jr Andrew Hacket; mittee bad examined all the Settlements; and had sum-

c' Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, moned and heard all Parties concerned; who were con-

intituled, An Act for restoring the Honour of Baron seating the reto: And that the Committee had returned Audley of Hely to James Lord Audley and others herein the same, without any Amendments, mentioned; and also for restoring them in Blood: To And the Bill being read the 1 bird time;

which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the

Title be agreed.

Poll Tax.

Poll

GW*.1

!CM

Winstea4

Manor.

Leave of Absence.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for raising Money by a Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering reports from the said Committee, That the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration; and had made some Progress therein.

And humbly moved from the said Committee, That the House would be pleased to appoint a Committee to draw up a Clause to be added to the Bill, That no Wine, Brandy, Salt, Linen, Silk, Paper, and no other Commodities of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of France, or any of the Dominions or Territories of the French King, shall be imported for Three Years; and that wheresoever they shall be found, they shall be burnt and destroyed; and that on the Persons in whose Hands they are found, there be inflicted Penalties, equal to the Value of the Commodities that shall be found in their Hands: And also, of an appropriating Clause.

And further moved, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee of the whole House, That a Committee be appointed to draw up a Clause to be added to the Bill, That no Wine, Brandy, Salt, Linen, Silk, Paper, and " no other Commodities, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of France, or any of the Dominions or Territories of the French King, shall be imported for Three Years; and that wheresoever they shall be found, they shall be burnt and destroyed; and that on the Persons in

A Debate arising in the House, concerning the Privi- Thompson’., lege and Protection of this House, allowed to Thompson &c< Estate*, and Nelthrop, and others, Bankrupts, to attend the Committee, to whom the Bill concerning them is committed;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Saturday Morning next

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of Poll Tax. the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Money by a Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Deering reports from the said Committee,

That they had made some further Progress in the said Bill: And humbly moved, from the said Committee,

That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Money by a Poll.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 1° die Martii,

whose Hands they are found, there be inflicted Penalties, A BILL, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Restoring

equal to the Value of the Commodities that shall be found in their Hands: And also of an appropriating Clause.

And it is referre4 to Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Mceres, Colonel Birch, Mr. Mr. Spry, Mr. Bus-

cazcen, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Cha. Sir Edw.

Deering, Mr. Sachavercll, Mr. Love, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Clause.

restoring the Honour of Baron Audley of Hely to Lord Audley. James Lord Audley, and others herein mentioned; and also for restoring them in Blood; was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, See. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising of Money by a Poll.

A Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Earl of enable the Guardian of the Right honourable Edward Warwick and Earl of Warwick and Holland to make Leases of several ?g0,l"nd'* Messuages herein after-mentioned, during his Minority, 8 rendering the improved Relit, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Anth.

Irby, Sir Char. Harbord, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Sir Robert Barkely, Sir Jos. Sir John Cotton,

..... Sir Fr. Rolles, Sir R Sir Mr.

Swinfen, Sir John Bamaby, Mr. Wright, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Richard Franklin, Kir. , Sir

Robert Carr, Sir Edw. Harlo, Mr. Buscawen, Lord Ashley, Sir Wm.Farmer, Sir Adam Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Greenvile, Mr. Finch, Air.

Aloming,

Eight of the Clock.

Joris, 28* die Fc, 1677-

SIR Adam Browne reports from the Committee to Sir Sir Sir

w hom the Bill for discharging the Alanorof Winstead Felton, Sir Phil. Harecourt, Mr. Gzein, Mr. Mr.

in the County of York, from a Settlement in Tail, and Morrice: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of charging other Manors and Lands in the County of Lin- the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. cobie, with the same Uses, several Amendments, agreed

by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read iri his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being the re twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Swanton have the Leave of the House to go into the Country.

Vo 1. XX.

A Bill to inforce the Burying in Woolen was read the Burying in Second time. ,le«-

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Win.

Loicther, Mr. Goreing, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Ch. Harbord,

Air. Comewall, Colonel Birch, Sir Ro. Barkelcy, Sir John

7m>or, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Richard Wiseman, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Geo.

Downing, Sir John Bamaby, Sir John , Sir Geo.

Reeves, Sir Echo. Deering, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Crouch, Sir

John

0

O

*r

Banks*

Estate.

Ml Tax.

Woolen

Manufacture

Clifton’s

Estate.

Keels and

Boats carry ing Coals.

Herring’s

Estate.

Winstead

Manor,

Privilege — Petition from person in custody.

4* Mar At.

A. 1677.

John Covert, Sir Edw.Harlo, Sir Mr. Eyres, Sir John Pelham, Sir Edm. Je Sir Charles Wheeler,

Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir John Makt, Sir John Knight, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Morris, and all the Members of this House that serve for the several Counties in Wales: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And it is recommended to Sir George Downing, to take care of the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin and Sir And. Hacket;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of Sir Ralph Banks, to sell Lands for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Money by a Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering reports from the Committee, That the Committee had made some further Progress: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Money by a Poll.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

he acknowledgeth his Offence, and begs the Pardon of the House.

Ordered, That the said Richard Campion be brought to the Bar, and discharged.

And the said Richard Campion being brought to the Bar; and kneeling; Mr. Speaker, after a Short Reprimand, acquainted him. That he was discharged, paying his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Banks* Act to enable the Trustees of Sir Ralph Banks to sell Estau. Lands for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom it is referred Retailer* «| to prepare and bring in a Clause for prohibiting of French ^en*1* Commodities, have Power to inflict Penalties on the Re- "* talers that shall retale any French Wines, or other French Commodities, after a Day to be set by the Committee; and the Committee to set a Day; After which such Commodities shall not be used, under a Penalty: And that the said Committee have Power to inflict Penalties on the Informers that shall not duly prosecute after their Seizure.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Goodrich, Lord Clifford, Sir Gilba't Gerrard, Sir Ralph Dallivall, Captain - c’ stato‘

ard, Mr. Thyn, Mr. Gwin, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr.

Greenvile, Sir Jo.Ash, be added to the Bill of Thomson and Nelthrop.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill against Hawkers Hawkers, and Pedlars be made on Wednesday Morning next. Pedlars, &c.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Hearth Hearth Money be proceeded in on Thursday Morning. Money.

Sabbati,2° die Martii, 1677.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the Bill for encouraging the Wearing of the Woolen Manufacture, be revived; and do sit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

A Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm such Sale as hereafter shall be made of the Manor of Allwoodley in the County of York, by Sarah Clifton, the Widow of Robert Clifton deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be rejected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ascertain the Measuring of Keels and Boats, carrying of Coals.

Sir John Mallet reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands, for Payment of the Debts of John Herring deceased, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill with the Amendments be ingrossed.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of Poll Tax, the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Money by a Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering reports from the Committee, That the Committee had made some further Progress: And moved, That they may sit again on Monday next.

Resolved, See. That this House will, on Monday Morning next at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Money by a Poll.

Resolved, Sic. That the Cause concerning Lindsey Limfacy Level, which is appointed to be heard at the Bar on Mon- Level. day next, be heard at the Bar on Friday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 4° die Martii, 1677.

ABIL L to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment Thorisb/i of the Debts of Francis Thorisby, w as read the Estate. First time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for discharging the Manor of Winstead in the County of York from a Settlement in Tail, and charging other Manors and Lands with the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for discharging the Manor of Winstead in the County of York from a Settlement in Tail, and charging other Manors and Lands in the County of Lincolne, of a greater Value, with the same Uses.

A Petition of Richard Campion, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege committed against Mr. Bertie, a Member of tills House; whereby

j9

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Bank*’ Act to enable the Trustees of Sir Ralph Banks to sell Lands for Payment of Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Sir Rich. Francklyn, Sir Allen Brodeiick, Mr. WMr.Chet-win, M. Crowch, Mr. Weld, Sir Ch. Harbord, Mr. Cul-

liford, Sir John Burlace, Colonel Sandys, Sir Mallet,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hide, Mr. Collins, Mr. Mansell, Sir Fr. Clarke, Sir Anth.Irby, Col. Strode, Mr. Whittacre,

Sir Rich. Graham, Mr. Hunt, Col Phillips, Col.

Mr. Burlacc, Sir John Bowyer, Sir Throgmorton,

Mr. Stazvell, Colonel Ro. Phillips, Sir Edm. Windham,

Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Ed. No, Lord Latimer, Mr.

Bertie,

1

joCaR. II.

4° — 5""-<*0

44P

Bertie, Sir Robert ThakiaS, Mr. Swdnton, tind aH the Mr. Sir John Frederick, Mr. S/>rp,

Members at this House that serve for the Coutity of Mr. Sir Adam lirmcm, Sir Sir

r?oti

Countess of Lincojne’s, &c. Nat.

Lcdbafy

Vicarage.

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

c4

jhq

"It

(L

Thompson’s, &c. Estates.

Leave of Absence.

Delays in Suits.

Dorset: And they are to rtieet in tfatf Speakers Chatttbdr, at Tw6 of the Clock th» Afternoon: Artel Notice is to be given to the Lady Banks; and a Copy of the Bill ordered to be sent to her: And the Committee is impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jane de Gafiere Countess of lAh-colne, and others, was read the First time.

Ordered, That Colonel Sandtys and Sir Barn. Throgmorton be added to the Bill of Ledbury.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Money by a Poll.

Mr..Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering reports from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the said Bill; and humbly moved, that they may have Leave to sit again immediately.

Mr. Sacheverell reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to prepare and bring in a Clause for prohibiting of French Commodities, a Clause agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Clause be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Money by a Poll; and the Clause now reported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering reports from the Committee, That they had made some further Progress; and humbly moved, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow.

Resolved, &c. That this House " ill Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Money by a Poll.

Tho. Zftly Sir John Burnaby, Mr. Whitt acre, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Bortmm*, Sir Rich. Everard, Serj. Stringer,

Mr. Crouch, Mr. Hall/ Colond Birch, Sir Fr. D;rake,

Colonel Titus, Sir Fr. Relies, Sir Ph. Warwick, Sir Tho. Littleton, Major Browholme, Sir Fr. Clarke, Mr.

Luce, Sir John Mallet, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir John Rolles, Sir John Norton, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Childe,

Mr. Buscawen, Sir Tho. Bludworth, Dr. Arris, Mr.

Jones, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Wright,

Sir Thco> Biddolph, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Papillotf, Mr.

MatveU, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robd:

And they are to compare the Title of the former Act . with the Bill; and to peruse and consider the said former Act: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Church Act for the better Payment of Church Rates, small JL*tes, Tythes, and other Church Duties; and for the better &c*

Passing of Church-wardens Accompts; was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be rejected.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Herring’s the Payment of the Debts of John Herring, deceased, Estule* was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of John Herring, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Browne do return the Bill on the Behalf of the Lady Rodes; and Mr. Gerys Bill; and the Bill to enable the Guardian of the Earl of Warwick to make Leases of certain Messuages, to the Lords: And do cany up the Bill for discharging the Manor of Winstead in the County of Yorke, of a Settlement in Tail; and charging other Manors and Lands in the County of Lincolne, of a greater Value, with the same Uses; and the Bill for enabling Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of John Herring, deceased; to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Bills sent to Lords.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House shall have Voices, at the Committee to whom the Bill for Discovery of the Estates of Thompson, Nelthrop, and other Bankrupts, stands committed.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Committee ap- Poll Tax. pointed to draw up an appropriating Clause, to be added to the Bill for raising Money by a Poll, a Clause agreed by the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Clause be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole J louse.

Ordered, That Mr. Elliot have Leave Country.

to

go into the

Earl of Warwick and Holland’s Estate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis 5° die Martiiy 1677.

MR. Crowch reports from the Committee to whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of the Right honourable Edward Earl of Wanvick and Holland, to make Leases of several Messuages herein after-mentioned, during his Minority, rendering the improved Relit; That the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration; and had perused the Bill; and returned the Bill without any Amendment.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Money by a Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edw. Deering reports from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill and Clauses referred to tlum;- and had made several Alterations and Amendments: And moved. That he may have Leave to make his Report thereof Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That the Report of the Amendments to the Bill for raising Money by a Poll be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-itlorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ditto.

Mercurii; & die M 1677-

A M E S S A G E from the liords; by Sir JVm. s/tam and' Sir Mile# Cooke;

' An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to revive and perpetuate a former Act, intituled, An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays, was read the Second time. , Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to Thyn s

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, to Mr. acquaint, That they have agreed to the Bill'to enable Jointur* Vo-l. DC. 5 X Thomas

45° <5* — 7* Martii. A. 1677.

Thomas Thyn, of Long Lent in the County of Hilts, Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon a Wife, of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein mentioned; with an Amendment, to which they desire-the Concurrence of this House: As also to acquaint you. Cotton’s that they have agreed to the Bill to enable Sir John

Estats, Cotton Baronet to dispose of a Messuage called St.

Jermans, and Lands therewith used, near Alban's, in

the County of Hertford.

Supply Bill j Sir Edward Deering reports from the Committee of Poll Tax. the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising Money by a Poll, and the Clauses to be added thereto, was committed, several Amendments, Alterations, Additions, and Clauses, agreed by the Committee to be made and added to the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Clerk’s Table, upon the Question, severally agreed.

A Clause being presented to be added to the Bill, touching several Things to be done by the Officers of the Custom-house, in relation to the Commodities prohibited by the said Act, and twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed.

A Clause being presented to be added to the Bill, concerning Persons, that are not Shop-keepers, that shall sell any of the Commodities prohibited by the said Bill, and twice read, w'as, with an Amendment made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed.

A Clause being presented to be added to the Bill, concerning the levying the Penalties on the Offenders, which are not provided for by the Bill, and twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed.

A Clause being presented to be added to the Bill, concerning Commissioners returning of Duplicates into the Exchequer, and twice read, was, with an Amendment made at the Table, by filling up the Blank, upon the Question, agreed.

Several Clauses . touching Printing Paper, and on the Behalf of the Victuallers of the Navy, and of the Flanders Merchants, and touching some Ships or Vessels in the Streights:

And the Question being severally put, Whether the same Should be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Meeres have Leave to bring in a Rider, to be added to the Bill, concerning Commissioners for the City and County of the City of Lincolne.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, T die Martii, 1677.

Prayers.

Merchant"* A BILLto enable Trustees to sell Lands, for Pay-E*tate. ii ment of the Debts of Henry Merchant, a Lunatick, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wright, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. AUen, Sir Tree. Williams, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Covert, Mr. Progers, Mr. Morris, Mr. Pleydale, Sir John Strode, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. May, Mr. Mallet, Sir Robert Can, Sir Fr. Drake, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Spry, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Sir John Bamaby, and all the Members that serve for the City of London: And they are to meet on Saturday

next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to consider of the particular Debts, and of the Value of the Lands; and to report it to the House: And are impowered to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Grantham to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ> for the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grantham, in the room of Sir Wm. Thorold, deceased.

The Amendment sent from the Lords, to the Bill to Thyn'* enable Mr. Thyn to settle a Jointure, was thrice read; "ltore-and, upon the Question, agreed.

A Petition of Michaell Biddolph Esquire, complaining Litchfield of an undue Return of Sir Henry Littleton, to serve for EfectioB-the City of Litchfield, in the room of Mr. Dyot, deceased; in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, by the Majority of Voices, and ought to have been returned.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of Heartk the Report of the Amendments to the Bill for regulating Money. Abuses in collecting the Duty of Hearth Money.

And the Amendments being read the Second time, with an Amendment made at the Table, were upon the Question, severally agreed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill against Hawkers Hawkers, and Pedlars be heard on Saturday Morning next, after Pedlars, &<. Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Debate of the Matter concerning Hearth the Patent of the Farmers of the Duty of Hearth Money Money be taken up on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Patent#-Clock.

Sir Tho. Meeres reports from the Committee of Pri- Glocester vileges and Elections, the State of the Case upon the Election. Election for the City of Glocester: And that the Committee, upon the Debate thereof, had come to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; and is as followeth:

Resolved, &c. That Colonel Norwood is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament as Citizen for the City of Gloucester.

And the said Vote being twice read at the Clerk’s Table;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellera>{^'mZtokter, } No* 95-

} for the Yea9,122.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, 8cc. That Colonel Norwood is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Citizen for the City of Gloucester.

Sir Tho. Meeres reports from the Committee of Privi- WinebeUc* leges and Elections, the State of the Case of the Election for the Port of Winchelsea in the County of Sussex: And that the Committee, upon Consideration thereof, agreed upon these Two Votes: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Banks is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as a Baron for the Port of Winchelsea in the County of Sussex.

45 Resolved,

%l

Littfei,

litctif

feli

JOQji,

1i»1p,

'eciife

'tii

Iw

UctOL

30 Car. II. 70 — 8d — 90 Martii. 451

Resolved, &c. That Cresheild Draper Esquire is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Winchelsea in the County of Sussex.

The first of the said Votes being twice read;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Banks is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament as a Baron for the Port of Winchelsea in the County of Sussex-.

The last of the said Votes being twice read;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

}*» **«’

| for the Yeas, 153.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That Cresheild Draper Esquire is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Winchelsea in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning with the Return: And that the Mayor do then also attend, and amend the same.

Poll Tax. Ordered, That the Poll Bill be read Tomorrow Morning, half an Hour after Nine of the Clock.

LuxUey Ordered, That the Cause of Lindsey Level, appointed

Level. for Tomorrow, be heard at the Bar of the House on Monday Morning next.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees, that were discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 8* die Martii, 1677*

Poll Tax. A N ingrossed Bill for raising Money by a Poll, and jLx otherwise, was read the Third time.

And some Amendments being made at the Table; Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising Money, by a Poll, and otherwise, to enable his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King; and for prohibiting several French Commodities: And that Sir Edw. do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

The Clerk of the Crown and the Mayor of the Port Winchelsea of Winchelsea were called in; and did amend the Return Retur" . for the Port of Winchelsea in the County of Sussex. amended.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Clandestine Act to prevent clandestine and irregular Marriages, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill of Ledbury Ledbury is committed, be revived; and do sit this Vicarage. Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 9* die Martii, 1677-

MR. Crouch reports from the Committee to whom Thorold’s the Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands, for Eatate. Payment of the Debts of Sir JVm. Thorold Knight, deceased, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed.

A further Amendment being offered to be made at the-Table;

And a Motion being made, That the Bill may be recommitted;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee; to consider of the Amendments; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Low and Sir John Francklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two St. Asaph’* Bills; the one intituled, An Act for the Appropriating Cathedral, the Rectories of Llanrhayader in Mochmnt, in the Counties of Denbigh and Mountgomery; and of Skeiving, in the County of Flint; for Repairs of the Cathedral Church of St.Asaph; and for the better Maintenance of the Choir there; and also for the uniting several Rectories sine Cura, and the Vicarages of the same Parishes within the Diocess of St. Asaph aforesaid: The other intituled,

An Act for settling divers Manors, Farms, and Lands, Shalcro*’ in the County of Hertford, now in the Possession of Estate. Francis Shalcross Esquire; and for making Provision for younger Children, and Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Preventing Ordered, That Sir Edward Deering do remind the

°P*ry- Lords of the Bill intituled, An Act for suppressing the Growth of Popery.

Lords desire A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edw. Low and Sir

Conference. John Franklin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a Conference with the House of Commons, Tomorrow at Eleven of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments made by the House of Commons to the Bill for Preservation of the Fishing in several Rivers of this Kingdom.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, Tomorrow at Eleven of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments made by this House to the Bill for Preservation of the Fishing in several Rivers of this Kingdom.

And the Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference, Tomorrow at Eleven of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Vol. IX.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for St. Martin's erecting a new Church in the Parish of Martin's in *n the Field* the Fields-, and making it parochial, distinqt from the Church, said Parish; and for endowing the same.

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee to Burying in whom the Bill for Burying in Woolen was committed, WooUn. several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were once read.

And the First Amendment being read a Second time;

And the same being to repeal the former Act; and the Committee having no Leave or Order from the House so to do;

A Motion being made, That the Bill may be re-committed, and that the Committee may have Power to consider of repealing the former Law;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And the Committee are to consider of the former Act; and whether it be fit to repeal the same;

and

11° Martii.

A. 1677.

ad to bring in a Clause for that Purpose, as they shall see Came: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed: And Sir Rich. Sir

John Ernie, and Sir Court. Poole, are added to the said Committee.

Managers

of Conference*

Ordered, That these Members following be appointed to attend and manage the Conference to be this Day had with the Lords; viz. Sir John Trevor, Mr. Poivle, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir Tho. Meeres, Colonel Birch, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Swinfen.

Luna* 11* die Martii *1677-

Pea ye as.

A BILL for vesting the Rectory of in Gresham’*

the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for Estate. Payment of the Debts of Edward Gresham Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hawken, Pedlar*, &c.

Sir Jonathan Trelaxvney reports from the Committee stannary to whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act Law*, for settling the Laws of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and Encouragement of Adventurers in Tin, and Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to whom Preservation of his Majesty’s Revenue arising in and by

the Bill against Hawkers and Pedlars was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and with some Amendments made at the Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &e. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, he ingrossed.

Conference on Bill for Preservation of Fishings

The Members appointed by the House, did attend, and manage the Conference with the Lords.

And being returned;

Mr. Powle reports from the Conference had with the Place formerly appointed. Lords, That the Ix>rd Privy Seal did manage the Conference: And that he said, That the Lords desired this Conference upon a Bill, intituled, An Act for Preservation of the Fishing in several Rivers in this Kingdom.

That the Amendments and Alterations which the Commons had made in the Bill were so great, that it had, in Effect, made it a new Bill: For, whereas the Bill, as it was sent down, did extend to all the Rivers in several Counties of this Kingdom; they are now all struck out of the Bill, except only the River of Seaverne.

That no Reasons having been delivered at a Conference for so great Alterations, the Lords did see no Reason to agree to them; and so have sent down the

Bill.

the same; several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Some further Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill;

And a Motion being made, That the Bill may be re-committed;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And all the Members that come are to have Voices at it: And they are to summon and hear the Pewterers: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ini the

Resolved, &c. That the Committee of the whole House Tax 0,1 be left at large to consider of die Charge upon new buildin£8\ Buildings.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Charge upon new Buildings.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Birch took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Birch reports from the said Committee, That

the Committee had agreed upon Three Votes, as Heads for a Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

My Lord Privy Seal, being asked, If the Lords did same were twice read; and> upon the Question, severally disagree to the Amendments sent up by the Commons, agfeed to; and are as followeth:

did Answer, " I do not say, The Lords disagree; but, Resolved, See. That the Charge upon the new Buildings,

That they cannot agree to those Amendments."

resolved by the House, be paid according to the full

Resolved, Sic. That the Consideration of the Proceedings improved Value, by the present Possessor, Occupier, or at the Conference be adjourned till Tuesday Morning other Person who hath the present Right, in case of

u and to be allowed and borne

next, Ten of the Clock.

Tax on new

Buildings.

Lindsey

Level.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for charging of new Buildings, pursuant to the Votes of the House: And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Thomas Meeres, to prepare and bring in the Bill.

Resolved, See. That this House w ill on A/owifay Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Charge upon new Buildings: And the Committee are to take into their Consideration the Prohibiting and Restraining of any more new Buildings; and to consider of a Clause for that Purpose, as they shall see Cause.

Ordered, That the Cause concerning Lyndsey Level, which is appointed for Monday Morning next, be heard at the Bar on Wednesday Morning next.

m case

empty Houses; and to be allowed and borne by the several Persons concerned, according to their respective Profits and Interest proportionably; and to be ascertained, where it shall not be otherwise agreed, by the Commissioners appointed to execute this Act, according to the Rules and Directions given by this Act.

Resolved, &c. That whereas many great Houses have been pulled down within the Time and Place limited by this Act, and divers Houses there built, the Houses so built shall be reputed and charged as built upon new Foundations.

Resolved, See. That no further Building be erected upon new Foundations within the Limits mentioned in this Act; except such whose Foundations were laid before the Eleventh Day of March One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-seven; or contracted for Building under Hand and Seal, before One or more credible Witnesses,

Woolen Manufactures.

before the Twenty-fifth of December One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-seven; so as no House, so per-Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Consi- mitted to be built, be of less Value than Twenty Pounds

# <|«y 1 % jF /nv m m a A mrl a II L-l rv 1 v n /a n rv rv r\ r\ I. rP T/l

deration of encouraging the Woolen Manufactures is

committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

per Annum: And that all such Houses be charged to pay, as this Act directs; and according- to the Prices paid near the same Place for Houses of the like Dimensions; and to be paid for on or before the First of, October One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-eight: And, in case such Payment shall not be so made; such Contract shall be void: And if Houses be built there* upon, they shall be demolished.

Resolved,

Hearth

Money

latent.

ThorolcTs

titate.

Yyrmr/s

Bridge.

Burying in Woolen.

Samine’s

Estate.

Hearth-

money.

30 Car, II. ii° — -i2° — -i

Resolved, See. That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to these and the former Votes; and it is recommended to Mr. Solicitor General, Col. Birch, and Sir Tho. Mccres, to prepare and bring in the same: And they are to consider of a Clause to be added to the said Bill, for appropriating the Monies to be raised thereby, to the same Uses that the Money to be raised by a Poll is appropriated.

30 — 140 Martii. 453

Lands in Elmsthorp in the County of Leicester, for the Payment of Debts, and raising a Portion for his Daughter: And also to a Bill sent from this House, intituled, An Act for discharging the Manor of Winstead in the County of Yorke of a Settlement in Tail, and charging other Lands in the County of Lincolne, of a greater Value, with the same Uses.

Ordered, That the Patent of the Farmers of the Duty of Hearth-money be delivered back to the said Farmers; and to be brought again whensoever the House shall require it.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

The House then, according to Order, poceeded to the Conference Consideration of the Proceedings at the Conference had ‘*e*'^ed wltk with the Lords on Saturday Morning last. or

Resolved, &c. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Members that did attend, and manage the Conference, do prepare and draw up Reasons to be offered at the said Conference.

Martis, 12* die 1677.

MR. Crouch reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of Sir Win.Thorold, deceased, was re-committed;

to consider of the Amendment which was proposed to be made at the Table, when the Bill was reported; That the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration, but saw no Cause to make any other Amendment than what the House had already agreed to.

And the Bill and Amendments being brought up, and delivered to Mr. Speaker;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for Repair of the new Bridge over the River Vyrrncy, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for Burying in Woolen, was re-committed; to consider whether it was fit to repeal the former Law; That the Committee had taken the same into their Consideration; and thought it necessary to repeal the former Law; and to make Provision for the same entirely in this Bill.

And the Amendments to the Bill being read a Second time;

Resolved, 8cc.That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir John Pettus reports from the Committee to whom the Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for the Raising of Money to pay the Debts of John Samine Esquire, Sir

Knight, and Cecill Cooper Esquire, deceased, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill, and the Title thereof: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally agreed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better collecting the Duty of Hearth-money, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better and more easy collecting the Duty of Hearth-money.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 13° die Martii, 1677.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Shalcrosaf Act for settling divers Manors, Farms, and Lands, in the County of Hertford, now in the Possession of Francis Shalcross Esquire; and for making Provision for younger Children, and Payment of Debts; was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir George Dozening reports from the Committee to WoolenMa-whom the Bill for encouraging the Wearing of Woolen nufwtures. Manufactures, and regulating the Making thereof, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place;

and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice ...; and, with some further Amendments made at the Clerk’s Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Mr. IVnght reports from the Committee to whom the Smith's Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of Sir Thomas Smith, deceased, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill:

Which he read, in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The House then, according to Order, proceeded to the Lyndsey Hearing of the Cause concerning Lyndsey Level, by Level-Counsel at the Bar of the House; and went through the Evidence, on the Behalf of the Adventurers, for draining the same.

Resolved, See. That the further Hearing of the Cause concerning Lyndsey Level, be adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Bill> sent A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuell Clerke and from Lords. Sir Lacon William Childe;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors and Administrators of Executors de son tort demesne: And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill sent from this House, intituled, An Act for the better Assurance of such as claim under ancient Fines and Recoveries; with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: As likewise to the Bill sentfrom this House, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of Brian Viscount Cullen, of the Realm of Ireland, to sell or dispose of V. l. JX.

Javis, 14° die Martii, 1677.

ABIL L for making navigable the River in the Vale Navig*. County of Cornwall, was read the First time. tien.

And the Bill being to lay an Imposition upon Vessels that shall pass the said River; and no Leave being first had of the House for bringing in the same;

Ordered, That the Bill be withdrawn: And that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Vale in the County of Comewall navigable; and laying an Imposition upon Vessels passing the said River.

5 Y

Pawn-

brokers.

Thorisb/s

Estate.

Ar^Ar

Ordered, That Leave be given for settling a Publick Register for the Pawnbrokers.

A Bill to enable. Trustees to sell Lands, for Payment of the Debts of Francis Thoris Esquire, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

14° — i 50 Mar til.

A. 1677.

j

For the Yeas, 63.

j- For the Noes, 55.

TpIWs ISir John Holland, letters,|Sir Roher( Rem

Tellers (Sir Hen‘ Ford> leUers,|Mr

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Holland, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Mallet, Sir John Tixvor, Mr. Daniell, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Wright, Mr. Gray,

Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Sir Gervas Elwes, Mr. Lome, Mr. Price, Sir Tho. Doleman lord, Mr,

humbly moved from the said Committee, that they may have Leave to sit again To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the Vote being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and twice read; was, upon the Question, agreed: And is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c.Thatan Address be presented to the King, Address u humbly to advise his Majesty, That his Majesty, to quiet 'Va^ 'vuil the Minds of his loyal Subjects, and to encourage the lruJK£' Princes and States confederated against the French King, . will be graciously pleased, immediately to declare, proclaim, and enter into an actual War against the French King; and to give his Majesty Assurance, that this House will constantly stand by, and aid his Majesty in the Prosecution thereof, with plentiful Supplies and Assistances:

And that his Majesty be graciously pleased to recall his Ambassadors from France and; and to send

Home the French King’s Ambassador.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Mr. Soli-

Lord O Brien, Mr. Mainard, Mr. Linfeild,..... .,_,w - T , _ , T,

nardiston, Mr. Newport, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir John Sir Mr. Se-

Knight, Sir John Burnaby, Sir Tho. Crew, Sir Arthurcrretar7 Sir Clergis, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho.

Harris, and all the Members that serve for the Counties , Sir Robert Carr, Sir or any

of Norfolkcand: And they are to summon and Five of them> to PreParc and draw UP fbe said Address: hear all Parties concerned; and are toconsiderof aClause, And they aret0 meet presently in the Speaker’s Chamber, to oblige the Trustees to see the Trust performed, or to be

liable to the Performance thereof out of their own Estates: That all Committees, except the Committee Committees.

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in to PrePare and draw UP the Address, be adjourned, the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are im- A , . j rn

powered to rend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Mombg EiSroTttectef "OT0"’

?oUTax,&c. A Message from the Lords, by the Ix>rd Chief Baron

Mountague, and Mr. Baron Thurland;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill sent from this House, intituled, An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, to enable his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King; and for prohibiting several French Commodities; with some Amendments:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

The Amendments to the said Bill were thrice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Eduard Decring do go up to the

Lords, to acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments by them made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising Money by a Poll, and otherwise, to enable his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King; and for prohibiting several French Commodities.

Veneris, 15° die Martii, 1677.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the stannary Bill concerning the Stannary Laws is committed, be Laws, revived; and do sit this Afternoon.

State of the Nation.

Brend’*

Estate.

Resolved, &c. That the House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation: And have Power to present Remedies to prevent the Hangers thereof.

State of the Nation.

A Bill for repairing the new Bridge over the River Vymwry Vyrmcry, was read the Second time. Bridge.

Resolved, Scc.That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crowed,

Mr. Pi ice, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir

Killegrezr, Sir Court.Poole, Sir Sir Mr. Browne, Mr. Mr. Mr. Buller,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Gith. Mr. Newport, Mr.

Spry, Sir John Cotton, Col. Sir John Knight, Col.

Phillipps, Sir Rob. Berkely, Col. Robinson, Mr.

Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hamden, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Daniell, Sir John Talbot, Sir Wm. Howard, Sir77 S'nTho.Lee, Sir Tho.Meeres,

Mr. Bowie, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Tremor, Mr.

Sir Rich. Corbet, Sir Trelawney, Sir Hickman:

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samucll Clerke and And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon,

Sir Lacon Wm. Clulde; in the Inner Court of Wards: And have Power to send

Mr. Speaker, ’1 he Lords have agreed to the Bill sent for Persons, Papers, and Records, from this House, intituled, An Act to enable Francis

Bread Esquire, the surviving Son and Issue Male of Sir A Bill for vesting the Rectory of Westerham in the GresWs MatthewBrendKnight, deceased, to sell certain Lands for County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Estate, the Raising of Three thousand Pounds, for the Portions the Debts of Edward Gresham Esquire, was read the of Ft ances and Elizabeth Brend, the Daughters of Thomas Second time.

Brend Esquire, deceased, late elder Brother of the said Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Lord Francis Brend; with some Amendments: To which they Gorge, Sir Court. Poole, Sir Bramston, Sir desire the Concurrence of this House. Wiseman, Mr. Mainard, Mr. Packer, Sir John

Sir , Sir lien. Ford, Mr. Henley, Col.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the Phillips, Lord Ailing ton, Mr Mr. Wright,

whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation; and Sir John Coryton, Sir Mr. Slawell, Sir

to present Remedies to prevent the Dangers thereof. Rolles, Mr. Tanner, Sir John Mallei, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Basset, Sir Rob. Cann, Sir John Norton, Sir John Talbot,

Sir John 'Trevor took the Chair of the Committee. Sir Jos. Mr. Neale, Sir John Barnaby, Sir

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. -Ric. Everard, Sir Hugh Mr. Draper, Mr.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That worthy, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Col. Ed. Phillips, Sir Ger-they had taken the Matter into their Consideration; and vas Elwes, Sir Allen Broderick, Capt. Price, Sir Cyrill had agreed to a Vote; Which he read in hia Place; And Wychet S\xTho, Higgons, Mr Sir Nich.Slaning,

a 20 Mr.

Adiv

h*

tw

i!Dr'

:1j'|

ilL

Pawn-

brokers.

Countess of Lincolne’s, &c. Nat.

Pretended Kigkts, & c.

Address for War with Jrance.

30 Ca&. II. 15* — 1 6* Martii.455

Mr. Wesfphaling, Sir Wm. H Mr. Colonel

Birch, Mr. Weld, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir Jonath. Trelawmey, Mr. Tre/am Sir Ch. Wheeler, Sir

Fr. Drake, Sir Ch. Harbord, Sir John Mr.

Osborne, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Kent, Middlesex, Surry, and: And they are

to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for settling of a Register for Goods, bought by or pawned to Pawnbrokers and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing of Jane de Galiere Countess of Lincolne, and others, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Jonath. TreUncney, Sir Ch.Harbord, Mr. PapiHon, Col. Birch, Sir Gervas Flues, Mr. Windham, Sir Ric. Everard, Sir John Burnaby, Mr. Ilcnly, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Cotton, Sir Edie.Harlo, Sir Anlli. Irby, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr.

Newport, Sir John Knight, Serj. Sets, Mr.

Sir Earn. Windham, Sir John Cove rt, Mr. Mr.

Buscaxeen, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir John Sir Win.

Heyuood, Sir John Mullet, Sir Trcdenhum, Sir Rob. Holmes: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preventing of buying and selling pretended Rights and Titles; and for the more effectual Preventing and Punishing of Maintenance, Embracery, and Champarty.

Mr. Powle reports from the Committee to w hom it was referred to prepare and draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, an Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Flace; and af.er-wards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Taolc: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as follow eth; viz.

"WE Your Majesty’s most humble and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do, in all Duty and Faithfulness to Your Majesty’s Service, humbly present Your Majesty with this our Advice: That for the satisfying the Minds of Your good Subjects, who are much disquieted w'ith the Apprehensions of the Dangers arising to this Kingdom from the Growth and Power of the French King; and for the Encouragement of the Princes and States confederated against him; Your Majesty would graciously be pleased, immediately to declare, proclaim, and enter into an actual War against the said French King: For the Prosecution whereof, as we have already passed a Bill of Supply, which only wants Your Royal Assent, so we desire Your Majesty to rest constantly assured, that we will from time to time proceed to stand by and aid Your Majesty with such plentiful Supplies and Assistances, as Your Majesty’s Occasions for so Royal an Undertaking shall require. And because Your Majesty’s Endeavours, by way of Mediation, have not produced those good Effects Your Majesty intended, we do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, That You w ould graciously be pleased to recall Your Ambassadors from Nemigcnand France, and to cause the French Ambassador to depart from hence; that Your Majesty being publickly disengaged from acting as a Mediator, or upon such Terms and Conditions as were then proposed, Your Majesty may enter into the War to no other End, than that the said French King may be reduced unto such a Condition, as he may be no longer terrible to Your Majesty's Subjects; and that Christendom be restored to such a Peace, as may not be in the Power of the said King to disturb.

Resolved, &c. That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Address.

And the Lord Russell is to go up to the Lords, to de* sire their Concurrence.

Vol. IX.

The Question being put. That Counsel bd now called in, Lind*y to proceed in the further Hearing the Cause concerning Lev*l-Lindsey Level j

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tdte"> {co } For *" Noes-,38-

Mere, {s£ For Ye"' 108'

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Bill for laying a Charge upon dew Buildings, was Taxon n read the First time. Building*.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do deliver in the several Estimates of the Houses built upon new Foundations, which have been brought to him from the several Parishes, Tomorrow, to the House.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Cause con- i.ymlsey cerning Lyndsey Level, which was appointed for this Level. Day, be adjourned until Tuesday next come Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 16° die Martii, 1677 Praters.

A BILL for erecting a new Church in the Parish of St. Martin’*

St. Martins in the Fields, was read the First time. in the Field* Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time. Church.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An St- Asaph’* Act for appropriating the Rectories of in Catliedl^v

Muchnant, in the Counties of Denbigh and of Skicviogin the County of Flinfor Repairs of the

Cathedral Church of St. Asaph; and for the better Maintenance of the Choir there; and also for the uniting several Rectories sine cur a, and the Vicarages of the same

Parishes, within the Diocese of St. A aforesaid; was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for Burying in "Woolen, was read the Burying in Third time. Wooltn.

And an Amendment. made at the Table;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Burying in Woolen.

A Petition of Sir Wm. Ellis, Baronet, complaining of Grantham an undue Return of Sir Robert Markham Baronet, to Election, serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grantham in the County of Lincolne, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, by the Majority of the Electors, a Burgess to serve for the said Borough, and ought to have been returned.

Resolved, &c. That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for Wearing of Woolen Manufactures, Woolen M*. was read the Third time. nufactur*.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Wearing of the Woolen Manufacture, and regulating the Making thereof.

And Sir George Downing is to carry up the Bill to the Lords; as also the Bill for Burying in Woolen; for their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that several Quakers, and Quaker*, other Persons, that are Dissenters from the Church of Dissenter*, England, are returned into the Exchequer, as Popish Recusants convict; and Process issued out of the said ecui Court against them, as Popish Recusants; and the Two-thirds of their Estates levied in Pursuance thereof;

1

45

16° — 18° — i

A. 1677.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to a Committee, to Art irtgrossed Bill against Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Ilawkera, inquire, Whether the Persons called Quakers, or any dis- Chapmen, was read the Third.time. -edlarj, &c.

seating Protestants, have been convicted, as Popish Re cusants, and the Two thirds of their Estates levied; and whethei that, on the Persons that are Popish Recusants, and have been convicted, the Penalties have not been levied: And that the Committee do consider, to make a Distinction of Popish Recusants from other Dissenters from the Church of England.

And it is referred to Col. Birch, Sir Ph. Warwick, Sir John Hotham, Sir Edw. Harlo, Sir Ch. Wheeler, Sir John

Rotles, Lord Cavendish, Sir Sam. Mr. Love,

Mr. Browne, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Mr. Hopkins, Sir

John Birkenhead, Lord Russell, Sir Rob. Berkley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Mallet,

Sir Rob. Carr, Lord Ancram, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Ash, Sir John Ernley, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr.

Mr. Crouch, Mr. Papillon, Sit John Sir Tho. Dole-

man Sir John Knight, Col. Titus, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Fr. Rolles, Sir John Cordon, Mr. Hamden, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Trevor, Sir Coui't. Poole, Mr. Newport, Sir Rich Wiseman, Ix>rd O Brim, Sir Hum. JFinch,

Mr. Morris, Mr. Hmly, Mr. Sir Gilb.

Sir Edm. Jenings, Mr. Stoclcdale, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Treby,

A Clause was tendered to be added to the said Bill; and thrice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Tittle be, An Act for the better suppressing of Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen. And Sir John Trevor is to carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence: And is also to acquaint the Lords, That this House has agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill on the Behalf of Brian Viscount Cullen; as likewise to the Amendments to the Bill on the Behalf of Mr. Bend.

jplfl

A Bill for the more decent and solemn Interment of Interment of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First, and for C ial ®* ‘ erecting a Monument for him, was read the Second time.-

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House: And that the House do, on Wednesday next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the Consideration of the said Bill.

1*

fti

Growth o{ Popery.

Resolved, &c. That such Members of this House as are A wsit-Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Buller: And they are to meet on of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do ac- ‘^"r, Ro)al

Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, quaint his Majesty, That there is a Bill of Aid passed in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to send for both Houses, and ready for his Royal Assent.

Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That these Members following be added to Countess of

/^1 \ . ! j 4 a 1 iL _ Tl*ll _ a T I

Interment of Charles I.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, on Tuesday Morning next, take into Consideration the Danger the Church of England is in, by the Growth of Popery.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill for the more decent and solemn Interment of his late Sacred Majesty King the First, be read on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Jane ^mc°Ws, de Galiere Countess of Lincolne, and others, is com- c‘ all mitted; vis.Sir John Cary, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sir

John Rolles, Mr. Morris, Sir Ric. Edgcomb, Mr. Booth,

Air. Rashlcy, Mr. Arth. Harris,

Vale Navigation.

Shale ross* Estate.

And then the House adjourned till Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 18* die , 1(577-

Prayers.

ABIL L for making the River Vale in the County of Cornwall navigable, was read the First time. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling divers Manors, Farms, and Lands in the County of Hertford, now in the Possession of Francis Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Ch. Harbord, Mr. Wright. Sir Tho. Bide, Sir Sir George Downing, Sir Edm. , Sir Tho. Littleton,

Sir John Goare, Mr. Weld, Mr. Warcing, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Guy, Mr. Cheney, Sir John Bur lace, Sir Jon. Trelawny, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir Hen. Ford, Dr. Arris, Sir Capell, SvcJohn Austin, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir Tho. Meeres, Col. Titus, Mr. Osborne, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Treby, Sir Tho. Woodcock, Air.

Mallctt, Sir John Hotham, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Rolles, Mr. Barnett, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Oakely, Mr. Harrison, Lord Russell, Mr. Sir Richard

Everard: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And they are to summon and hear all Parties concerned: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Tho. Meeres reports from the Committee of Privi- New Malu* leges and Elections, the State of the Case upon the Elec- Electi<"* tien of a Burgess for the Borough of New in the

Monday Qoxmty of Yorke: And that the Committee, upon the Consideration thereof, had agreed upon a Vote: Which

__________ he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered tire same

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, &c. That Air. Heblethwayte is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Malton in the County of York.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

} For to Noe, 47-

}FortheYea3'

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That Air. Heblethwayte is duly elected

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

New Malton in the County of York.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend with the Return; and take off the Indenture of Air. Leveson Gower, and amend the Return.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

19* die , 1677.

Prayers.

A COMPLAINT being made. That the Profits of Privilege. the’Office of Sir Edward Bish, a Alember of this Lord Cullen’s The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill on honourable House, are sequestered by one Sand ford,

Estate. the Behalf of Brian Viscount Cullen, were thrice read; during the Sitting and Privilege of Parliament;

and, upon the Question, severally agreed. Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of

the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine Bread's The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill on the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same,

Estate. the Behalf of Francis Bread Esquire, were thrice read; with, their Opinions therein, to the House, and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

*>H1

B;i]

; Jo* L,

:.U

.-a

tfi4

:,o(

30 Car. II. 190 Martii.

457

5amine’s,&c.

Estate.

Pawn-

brokers.

Thorol<T$

Estate.

Reasons so be offered at Conference.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Ordered, That Sir John Trevor do desire a Conference Conference Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last desired.

Debts of John Samine, and of Sir Roger Cooper, and CecillConference.

Cooper Esquire, deceased, with the Amendments thereto

made, was read the Third time. Ordered, That the Bill for laying a Charge upon new Tax on new

Resolved, &c. That the Bill* with the Amendments Foundations be read a Second time, on Thursday Morn- Buildings, agreed to, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to ing next, at Ten of the Clock.

enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts t

of John Samine. Mr. Perwle reports from the Committee to whom the Exporting

And Sir John Trevor is to carry up the Bill to the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool was committed, Wool, &c. Lords. as also consider of the Encouragement of the Woolen

Manufactures, and the Abuses of the Aulnage and of the A Bill for erecting a Register for Pawnbrokers was Alum Patent; That the Committee had taken the Matter read the Second time. concerning the Alum Patent into Consideration; and had

Resohed, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the ordered him to make this Report:

Debates of the House, to Sir Phil. Warwick, Mr. Love, That Sir Cholmely, Sir Nick. and Mr.

Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir John Rolles, Sir Rob. Tho. Crispe, appeared for the Fanners of the King’s Markham, Mr. Westphaling, Colonel Birch, Sir Ric. Alum Works: That they said, there is a Clause in their Graham, Mr. Papillon, Sir Cyrill Wych, Sir John Ehces, Patent, That none but the Patentees shall make any

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Alum here in England, or import any Alum, or Mate-

Progers, Mr. Spry, Mr. Walker, Sir Court. Poole, Mr. rials to make Alum; dated 27* 1667.

Swinfen, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Ch. Har- That accordingly there hath a Proclamation issued, to

bord, Sir Hen.Ford, Sir John Knight, Sir Edm. Jenings; prohibit any Persons to import any Alum, or Materials

Mr. Greenvile, Mr. Newport, Sir Theo. Biddolph, Mr. to make it, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the same.

Crouch, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir That since their Patent, several Works have been set Ric. Wiseman, Mr. Jones, Sir John Trelmeney, Sir Fr. up; but they have compounded with the Undertakers;

Rolles, Mr. Dalmahoy, Mr. Stawell, Mr. Prideaux, Sir and that the King allows them the Composition for them

Jos. Tredenham, Serjeant Sets, Sir John Hanmcr, Sir Wm. out of his Relit.

Heywood, Sir Ric. Everard, Sir John Heath, Sir John That their Relit to the King is Ten thousand Pound a

Bamaby, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Talbot, Colonel Kirkby, Year; but there is not at present above Two thousand Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John Mai- Four hundred Pounds a Year paid into the Exchequer; let, Mr. Hamden, and all the Members that serve, for the the rest being paid to other Persons, in Compensation County of Middlesex, Cities of Lotulon and Westminster, for their Works.

and Borough of Southwarke: And they are to meet To- That there is a new Work now setting up upon Sir morrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Edw. Lands near in Yorkshire, Inner Court of Wards. which if it be compounded for, will eat up most of the

remaining Part of the King’s Relit: But the Under-An ingrossed Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for takers at present refuse to compound.

Payment of the Debts of Sir Wm. ThoroldKnight, de- That they raise their Relit of Ten thousand Pounds a

ceased, was read the Third time. Year to the King chiefly upon their Home Sale; since

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the their Foreign Relit yields them but little Profit.

Title be, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for That, before the King’s Restoration, Alum was sold Payment of the Debts of Sir Wm. Thorold, late of Hough in England for about Ten or Twelve Pounds a Ton. in the County of LincolneKnight, deceased. That they are obliged by their Patent, not to exceed

And Sir John Trevor is to carry up the Bill to the the Price of Twenty-six Pounds a Ton, for w hat they Lords for their Concurrence. sell at Home; and thereabouts they sell at this titne.

That what they send abroad, they sell at this time at Mr. Powle reports from the Committee appointed to about Sixteen or Seventeen Pounds a Ton. draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference to be had That there is a Proviso in the Statute of the One-and-with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Con- twentieth of King James against Monopolies; which ex-ference, the Reasons agreed by the Committee: Which he empts the Alum Patent from the Penalties of that Act. read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at And that the Committee had agreed to this following

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, Vote;

upon the Question, agreed; and are as followeth, viz. Resolved, &c. That the Alum Patent, and the Procla-

That the Commons conceive, That, according to the mation thereupon, as they are now executed, are very preancient Course and Method of Transaction betwixt the judicial and burthensome to the Woolen Manufactures of Two Houses, when a Bill with Amendments is sent to this Kingdom.

either House from the other, by Messengers of their own, And as to the Legality of the Patent, they refer it to

the House that sends them, gives no Reason of their the Judgment and Consideration of this House.

Amendments: But the House to whom it is sent, if they Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the find Cause to disagree, do use to give Reasons for their Committee, That the Alum Patent, and the Proclamation Dissent to every particular Amendment; every one of thereupon, as they are now executed, are very-prejudicial which is supposed to carry with it the Weight of its own and Burthensome to the Woolen Manufactures of this Reason, until it be objected against. Kingdom.

That the House of Commons have commanded us to Resolved, &c. That the Contents of the Alum Patent acquaint your Lordships, That the Amendments which be re-committed to the former Committee; to consider of have been made in this Bill, though very great, passed, the Inconveniences arising by the Patent and Proclama-Upon mature Deliberation: And that they hope, your tien; and to inquire what present Advantage comes to Lordships, upon further Consideration of them, will find the Crown thereby; and what Profit may arise by the Cause to concur with the Commons therein: But if your Custom of exporting it; and report the same with their'

Lordships shall not remain satisfied, they desire they may Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to hear the understand from your Lordships, at a Conference, the King’s Counsel touching the same: And they are to meet particular Reasons which have induced your lordships to this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed, disagree: And when the Commons have heard your Lordships Objections, they will be ready, either to con- Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That he Message from cur with your Lordships, or to offer such further Rea- had given his Majesty Notice, That there was a Bill of the King, sons; as may give your Lordships Satisfaction. Aid passed both Houses, and ready for his Royal Assent:

1

45»

x p" — 20° Martii.

A. 1677.

And that his Majesty was pleased to return an Answer thereto: Which, being in Writing, he delivered to Mr. Speaker: And the same wras by him read to the House; and is as followeth; vis.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

HIS Majesty hath received the Notice sent him by this House, that the Poll Bill was now ready for the Royal Assent: Which his Majesty was well pleased to hear; and resolveth to pass it Tomorrow. His Majesty desireth this House to dispatch the rest of the Supply promised Him, with all Expedition: The Sea and Land Preparations run great Danger of being disappointed, if those Supplies be retarded: And it would be a Satisfaction to His Majesty, that no more Time Should be lost in a Work so necessary for the Safety and Reputation of the Nation, as the Finishing those Supplies.

I.ords A Message from the Lords, by Lord Chief Justice

Amendments Rains ford, and the Lord Chief Justice North’, War^wUh*"" Mr Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Address, France. sent up from this House to be presented to his Majesty, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments to the said Address were once read.

The First Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed to —

Lords agree Sir John Trevor reports, That the Lords had agreed to to Conie- a preseat Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the rence. Subject Matter of the last Conference: And the Members that managed the former Conference, did attend and

An ingrossed Billl, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Restoring Act for restoring the Honour of Baron of Hely, to u ejr*

James Lord Audley, and others herein mentioned; and also for restoring them in Blood; was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Jon. Trelaxvney, Sir Tho. C/ergis, Lord Fitz-

harding, Sir Robert Sawyer, Sir Lien. Ford, Mr.

Sir John Mallett, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Sir

Norton, Sir John Knight, Sir Ch. Harbord, Mr. Newport,

Mr. Crouch, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Sir Rick. Everard, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Wright, Mr. Sir

Hotham, Mr. Weld, Col. Titus, Sir Gilbert Mr.

Mallett, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir Ric. Graham, Sir John Elzces, Sir Ro. Barkeley, Mr. Pmcle, Sir Sir Anlh. Irby, Mr. Walker: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are to examine, Whether there is a Certificate of taking the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; and of receiving the Sacrament, according as the Law in that Behalf directs.

Sir John Brampston reports from the Committee to Gresham’i whom the Bill lor vesting the Rectory of in Estate,

the County of Kent to be sold, for Payment of the Debts ol Edward G1 'esham Esquire, was committed, someAmend-ments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill:

W hich he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same were tw ice read; and, upon the Question severally agreed.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

O

Lords

Amendments to Address.

manage the said Conference.---

The House then proceeded in the Consideration of the Amendments made by the Lords to the Address.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time; The Question being put, To agree to the said Amendment;

The House divide.

The

Yeas go forth.

Tellers /Sir Rob-letters,|Mr

qvtip.c ISir J°lin

’ [Sir E

| for the Noes, 155.

112.

| for the Yeas,

The rest of the Amendments being read a Second time; And the Question being severally put, To agree thereto; It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Persons who were appointed to draw up the Address, do draw up Reasons for not agreeing to the said Amendments.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Merqarii, 20’ die Martii, 1677-

Sir Henry Ford reports from the Committee to whom Shalcrou’ the Bill on the Bchali of Francis Shalcross Esquire was Estatt* committed, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and found, that there was a Clause already in the Bill, that there shall be it further Wastes committed on the Premises; and had heard all Parties: And that they were consenting the reto: And that the Committee had returned the Bill without Amendments.

Sir Jonathan Trelaxvney reports from the Committee, Cobntessof

to whom the Bill for naturalizing Jane deGa/iere Countess Dncojne’s, of Lincolne, and others, was committed, That the Com- &c* "at

mittee had perused the several Certificates, That the Persons had taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and received the Sacrament: And that the Committee had added a Proviso to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

And the Bill, with the Proviso, was read a Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, so amended, do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Jane de Ga/iere Countess of Lincolne, and others.

And Sir Jonathan Trelawney is to cairy back the Bill to the Lords.

Prayers.

Pretended A BILL for preventing Buying and Selling of pre-Titles, Sec. lA.tended Titles, and for the better Preventing and

Punishing of Maintenance, Embracery, and Champarty, was read the first time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Tobacco- An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for encouraging pip# making. the Trade of Tobacco-pipe-making, was read the Second

time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for admeasuring Keels for carrying of Coals was Ke*’s cany-read the First time. "S Coals-

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the interment of whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill Charles 1. for a more decent and solemn Inteiment of his late Sacred Majesty King Charies the First; and erecting a magnificent Monument to his Memory.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Meeres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Meeres reports from the Committee of the

14 whole

30 Car. II. ao° — 2

whole House, That the Committee had sat: And being informed, That the Black Rod was at the Door; the Committee had ordered him to leave the Chair.

Royal Assent a Message from the King, by Sir Edu ard Carteret, 4 BllL Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Lords.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty was pleased to give his Royal Assent to One Publick, ami Fifteen Private Bills: And that his Majesty was pleased to make a Speech to the Effect following:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

the King’s I AM so zealous for the Good of the Nation, that it Speech re- shall be your Fault, and not Mine, if all be not done as Should*be, for the Honour and Safety of it: And I must tell you, there must be no Time lost.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis,21" die 1677.

Prayers.

Deer- a BIL L to prevent D eer-stealing, was read the First

itealing. time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time, after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

Williams'

Jointure.

A Bill to enable Trevor Williams Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon a Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Abington Sir Tho. Metres reports from the Committee of Privi-Election. leges and Elections, That Sir Robert Hanson, by his Letter and Friend, did desire his Petition and Claim might be dismissed: That Sir Robert Cordell, at the Desire of Sir Robert Hanson, withdrew the said Sir Robert Hansons Petition, by the Permission of the Committee: And that the Committee came to this Resolution thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That the Petition and Claim of Sir Robert Ilanson, to be elected for the Borough of Abington, and the whole Cause and Question, both of the Return and Election, be totally dismissed.

And that the said Committee were of Opinion, That Sir John Storehouse be reported well elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Abington.

And the said Vote being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; and there read;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Petition and Claim of Sir Robert Hanson, and the whole Cause and Question, both of the Return and Election, be totally dismissed: And that , Sir John Storehouse is well elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Abington.

O J

Foreign

Protestants.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering and licensing Protestant Strangers to exercise their Trades in the Places herein after-mentioned, was read the Second time.

And a Debate being thereupon;

llesolved,&c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Secretary Sir

John Mallei, Mr. Love, Colonel Birch, Lord Cavendish,

Sir John Hot ham. Sir John Knight, Mr. Mr.

Crouch, Sir 6reo. Dozening, Lord Sir

Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Rob.Berkeley, Mr. Mr. Hopkins, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Sir Win.

ther. Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Wright, Sir Edzv. Harley, Mr. May, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Cotton, Sir Tho.

Zee, Mr. Rer/jr, Mr. Secretary Sit John Rereshy,

Vol. IX.

i0 Mar tit. 459

Lord Gorge, Sir James Rushout, Mr. Sir Jon.

Trelazvney, Sir Tho. B/udzcorth, Sir JVm. Thompson, Mr.

Seymour, Mr. Mallet, Sir Lyonell Walden, Sir Har-

bord, Mr. Spry, Sir Ph. Warwick, Sir Sam. Bemardis-son, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Tho. AleeresSir

Mr. Cheney, Mr. Powle, Sir Tho. , Mr. Palmes, Sir

Tho.Clergis, Sir John Barnahy, Mr. Bcatren, Mr

Sir Geo. Cartzvright, Sir Edm.Windham, Sir A ’kb. Slan-

ing. Sir Robert Dillington, Mr. Windham, Mr. Jones, Air.

Greenri/e, Sir Jo. Frederick, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. I'hyn,

Mr. Waller, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Solicitor General,

Air. Pepis, Sir John Warden. Air. Cho/mondley, Sir John

Lmether:And all that come are to have Voices: And the Committee are to hear the City of London to this Bill: And the Committee are to take care, that those that have the Benefits of this Act, may be obliged to teach their Arts and Trades to the And they

are to meet on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber.

A Complaint being made, that John Starr, Cook to Sir Privilege. Charles IVheeler,a Member of this honourable House, is

arrested and detained, during the Sitting and Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Privilege of Parliament be allowed to the said John Star: And that he be discharged from his Arrest by Warrant from Air. Speaker.

Mr. Pim /c reports from the Committee appointed to Lords draw up Reasons for not agreeing to the Amendments Amendments made by the Lords to the Address sent up from this to Address. House, Reasons agreed by the Committee: Which he read in l;is Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and with Two Amendments made at the Table, by inserting the Word "his," instead of the Word "your," upon the Question, agreed.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference upon the Amendments by them made, to the Address desired with sent up from this House: And that Sir George Dozening Lords> do go up to the Lords, to desire the Conference.

A Bill for laying a Charge upon new Buildings, was Tax on new read the Second time. Buildings.

And a Debate arising, touching the Commitment thereof;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate be adjourned till v day Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Sir George Dozening reports, That the Lords had Louis agree agreed to a Conference Tomorrow at Eleven of the to Con-Clock in the Morning, in the Painted Chamber. fe.euce.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Returns of Supply Pill; the new Buildings is referred, do bring in an Account of new guild-, an Estimate of the Value of whatlhe same will amount unto: And they are to perfect their Report by Saturday Alorning next: And they are revived; and to meet this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed: And that these Alembers following be added to the said Committee; Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Edzv. Harley, Mr. Vaughan,

Serjeant Gregory, Lord Russell, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir John Hanmer, Sir Tho. Stringer.

Ordered, That the House will, on W'Anesday Morning Growth of next, take into Consideration the Danger the Church of England is in by the Growth of Popery.

Resolved, Ike. That this House will, Tp-morrow Morn- Interment of ing at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of Charle* I. the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for the more decent and solemn interment of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First; and for erecting a Monument to his Alemory.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill to pre- Delays in relit unnecessary Suits and Delays is committed, be re- Survived;

Williams'

Jointurfc,

St. Asaph's Cathedral.

Interment of Charles I.

Conference on Lords Amendments to Address-War with France.

460 21* — 22* Mar tit. A. 1677,

vived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly 2. That, by declaring a War immediately, his Ala-appointed. jesty may begin the War against France at this time, upon

equal Terms: Whereas, if Things continue in this doubt-, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ful State, the French King may begin upon us, when he

Morning, Eight of the Clock. sees his best Advantage; and surprise his Majesty’s Sub-

.__________ jects, while they go on securely in their Trades, in Confidence of a seeming Peace. And, if we Should agree to Veneris, 22* die Martii, 1677* the Amendments your Lordships propose, the Provoca-

tien to the French King will be equal to an immediate Declaration of a War; and will equally justify him in such a Manner of Proceeding, and yet at the same time leave ourselves, and the Confederates, in great Uncertainty.

c- rn, c- , . c, . 3- That the Arms of the King have been of

Mr. Mallet, Mr. May, Sir lrw. Stringer, Serjeant Sets, late so prosperous and successful, that, it may be doubted,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mainard, Sir that, jfhjs Majesty does not immediately declare War,

John Hanmer, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Gray, Lord Fitz-the Confederates, or some of the Principal of them, may hording, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Courtney Poole, Mr. Tre- be constrained to make a Peace upon such Terms as the gomcell, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm.Lou ther, Sir John Mallet, French King will grant: whereby we may be left to de-

Sir John Cotton, Sir John Bamaby, Colonel Birch, Sir fend ourselves alone, or upon much greater Disadvan-

John Knight, Mr. Morris, Mr. If estphaling, Lord tages than we may do at present.

Gorge, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Tho. Mceres, Sir Gilbert 4. That, by the Words your Lordships have put in,

Gerrard, Sir Rich. Graham, and all the Alembers that the Time will be left indefinite; and so must be subject serve for the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford:And to the Exposition of those, who have prevailed with his they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Majesty to defer the Entering into this War too long Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. already.

5. That, by declaring a "War immediately, the Forces An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An his Majesty hath raised must presently be sent abroad,

Act for appropriating the Rectories of Llanrl\ayadcrin an(j employed beyond Sea; whereas, otherwise, they may Mochnant, in the Counties of Denbigh and Mountgomery, be kept up in this Kingdom: Than which nothing can and of Skciving in the County of Flint, for the Repairs ol be more dangerous to his Majesty, and more destructive

the Cathedral Church ot St. Asaph, and for the better to t|ie Laws, Liberties, and Properties of the Subjects Alaintenance of the Choir there; and also for the Uniting of tl 11s Kingdom; the Fear of which hath already pos- several Rectories sine Cura, and the Vicarages of the st, ssecj (heir Alinds.

same Parishes within the Diocese of St. Asaph aforesaid; p. That, by such a Declaration, his Majesty’s Subjects, was read the Second time. now in the French Service w ill be recalled, and brought

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Air. thence; and, by That means, the Arms of France will Crouch, Sir John Knight, Sir John Mallet, Col. Robinson, be deprived of their Assistance, and his Majesty and the Sir John Trevor, Sir Edm.Windham, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Confederates strengthened by the Addition of so many Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Fleetxvood, Mr. Mai- porCe3, who may otherwise suddenly be employed in let, Mr. Westpha/ing, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Weld, Sir Robert fighting against those whom we desire to support.

Thomas, Serjeant Scis, Sir Ch. Harbord, Sir Trevor JVII-»_ That the Charge of maintaining the Land Forces

hams, Mr. Byres, Sir Ric. Iranklyn, Lord O Brien, will be very great; and we can no way satisfy those we

Colonel Whitley, Sir Court.Poole, Sir Robert Carr, Air. represent chearfully to bear such Taxes as are necessary,

Broicnc, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Wright, Lord Gorge, Sir unless the immediate Employment of them abroad be

John Ilanmer, Sir John Norton, Mr. Buscawcn, Mr. New- piain and visible.

port, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Birch, Sir Herbert Perrot, Sir g. That, if his Majesty make himself a Party in the

Hen. Capell, Mr. Marvile, Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir Tho. War, it will be inconsistent with the Continuance of a

Littleton, Sir Tho. Clergis, Sir Wm. Lout her, Mr. Man-Mediation.

sell, Mr. May, Colonel Price, and all the Alembers that g. That the Continuance of the English Ambassadors

serve for Wales: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Nas Alediators, may raise a Doubt in the Con-

at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s federates, that his Majesty had not quite laid aside all

Chamber. Endeavours of Peace by way of Alediation, and would

therefore prosecute the War with less Vigour; and may The House then resolved itself into a Committee of also cause Apprehensions, that the Forces sent to Flanders the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the are rather intended to enforce a Peace, than for the De- Bill for the more decent and solemn Interment of his fence of those Countries against the French. late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First, and for 1o. That, in the powerful Condition the King

erecting a Monument to his Memory. js at this present, it cannot reasonably be expected he

Air. speaker left the Chair. will condescend to any Peace, w'hereby his Majesty’s

Sir Phil. Warwick took the Chair of the Committee. Kingdom may be sufficiently secure.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair. 11. That the Continuance of a French Ambassador

here, after declaring the War, may be very prejudicial,

The Time being come for the Conference with the jn respect of Intelligence, and private Correspondencies;

Lords upon the Amendments by them made to the Ad- And, as to the English Ambassador in France, we con-dress sent up from this House; ceive it better for his Majesty to recall his own Ambassa-

T. he Alembers appointed did attend, and managed the Jqj. fi-0m thence, than to have him sent away, same; and delivered their Reasons; which are as fol-

loweth; viz. A Petition being tendered, complaining against Sir Petition

1. That his Majesty having declared to us, since this Robert Holt, a Alember of this House; and it being the ag»‘"st Meeting, That he had made a League offensive and Order of the House, That no Petition ought to be ten-- Memi*r‘ defensive with Holland against the Growth and Pow'er of dered, the Alember being absent; the French King, and for the Preservation of the Spanish Ordered, That the Petition be tendered on Tuesday

Netherlands', we cannot but suppose, that his Majesty Morning next: And that Sir Robert Holt have Notice hath disposed of his Affairs already in order thereunto; then to attend.

and is therefore now so far engaged, that an immediate - >

Declaration of War against the French King cannot be Resolved, &c. That the House do now again resolve, Intennentof either prejudicial or dangerous to his Majesty’s Affairs, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to pro- Charles I.

ceed

ABIL L to enable Trevor Williams Esquire, to settle a Jointure upon a Wife, was read the Second time. Resolved,&c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Ch. Harbord, Mr. Eyres, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Holland, Air, Wright, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir How, Mr. Browne,

jo Car. II. 22® — 2j®-

ceed in the Consideration of the Bill for I. more decent and solemn Interrment of his late Sa~ ed Majesty King Charles the First, and erecting a Monument to his Memory.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Phil. Warwick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Phillip Warwick reports from the said Committee, That they had made a considerable Progress in the Bill: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That they may have Leave to sit again on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for the more decent and solemn Interrment of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles ' the First, and erecting a Monument to his Memory.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 23* die Martii, 1677.

Thompson’s, /"ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the Bill

&c. Estates, v/ for the better Discovery of the Estates of Thompson, Kelthrop, and others, Bankrupts, was committed, be revived; and do sit on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Vale Navi- A Bill for making navigable the River Vale, in the ganon. County of Cornwall, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tanner, Sir Ch.Harbord, Sir John Rolles, Sir John Trevor, Sir Rich. Edgcomb, Lord Hawley, Colonel Titus, Sir Ford, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Weld, Mr. Spry, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Fr. Rolles, Sir Genas Elwes, Colonel Birch, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Powle, Sir John Mallet, Sir John Carew, Sir Trevor Williams,

Sir An tli.Irby, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir Phil.

Sir Wm. Heywood, Sir Lan.Lake, Mr. Draper, Mr. Mor-

ris, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Whorwood, Mr.

Mr. Browne, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mr. Wright,

Mr. Gwyn, Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Price, Mr. Mallet, Sir Fr. Clerk, Mr. Boreman, Sir Sir

Cann,'Six Court. Poole, Six John Norton, Sir Gilbert G errand, Mr. Osborne, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Ro. Berkley, Sir Tho.

Mompcsson, Sir John Knight, Sir John Cory ton, Sir Temple, Sir John Elites, Mr. Dalmahoy, Six John Barnaby,

Sir John Pettus, Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr. Man, Mr. Vaug-

han, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet on Tuesday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster Ordered, That Sir Edmund Windham Knight Marshal, Court of one Qf Members of this honourable House, be

Conscience. jiear(j by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, on Momlay come Sevennight after Easter Week, touching the Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience in

Bancks’ A Petition of John Bancks Esquire, an Infant, being

*"tate' . ., desiring, That a Clause may be added to the Bill to enable the Trustees of Sir Ralph Banks to sell Lands for Payment of Debts; whereby his Right may be saved.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table; and be taken into Consideration when the Report of the said Bill is made.

Tax on new The House then resumed the adjourned Debate touch-Bmldmgs. ing foe Commitment of the Bill for laying a Charge upon new Buildings.

The Question being put, That the Debate be again adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

26° Martii. 461

Resolved, &c. That the Bill for laying a Charge upon new Buildings, be committed to a Committee of the whole House: And that the House do, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the said Bill.

The Question being put. That the Lord Russell, one of the Members of this honourable House, be heard at the Bar of this House, by his Counsel, touching the Bill for laying a Charge upon new Buildings;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers of^'r Tho. Cltrgis, \ for the Yeas *i

1 ellers,|Sir pm Warwick,] Ior tfte eas’ '1 ’

rr, , (Six Trevor Williams, j XT Tellere>isir Rich. Temple, j for the Nora'9+-And so it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 26" die Martii, 1678.

f\RDERED, That the Cause concerning Lyndsey Lyndsty Level be heard on Tuesday after Easter Week. Level.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to whom xhorisby’s

the Bill to enable Francis Thorisby Esquire to sell Lands Estate, for Payment of Debts, was committed, several Amendments to the Bill, and a Clause to be added thereto;

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clause agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That in all private Bills, for the future, a Trustees in Clause be inserted, That the Trustees therein named shall Private Bills, be obliged to see the Trusts in the said Bills performed, or be liable to the same out of their own Estates.

A Petition of Edmund Prideaux and Susannah his petition Wife, complaining against Sir Robert Holt, a Member of against a this House; ..... Member.

And Mr. Prideaux being called in to the Bar, and owning the said Petition; the Petition was read.

Sir Robert Holt, standing up in his Place, desired that he may have a Copy of the said Petition; and some reasonable Time given him to put in his Answer thereto in Writing.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Holt have a Copy of the said Petition: And do return his Answer thereto in Writing on Monday after Easter Week.

Resolved, That an Address be presented to his Majesty, Address for by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s a Recess, most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, that there may be a Short Recess; such as may consist with his Majesty’s Affairs: And that it is the humble Desire of this House, that his Majesty will have such a Regard to the Time, as that there may then be a full House.

Ordered, That the House be called over the Second Call of the Day. of Meeting after the Recess. House.

Ordered, That, the next Day after the Call of the House, the House will take into Consideration the State of the Kingdom, in relation to foreign Affairs.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Tax on new whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill Buildings, for laying a Charge upon new Buildings.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports, That the Committee bad sat, and read over the Bill.

6 A. And

270 Mariiu 1678.

And then tl»e House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

1.1 riii r - 1 1 w . —

Mercttrii, 27* Martii, 1678.

P H A Y E K Sw

Lyndsey f\RD E RED, That the Cause concerning Lyndsey Level. \J Level be heard the Thursday after the Day appointed for the Call of the House.

T. William*’ > Mr. Eyres reports from the Committee to whom the Jointure. Bill to enable the Sons of Sir to settle

Jointures upon their Wives, was committed, That the Comfnlttee had carefully perused the Hill, and examined the Settlements therein mentioned; and had returned the Bill without any Amendments.

Resolved, Sic. That the Bill be ingrossed.

Exporting Air. Pou-lc reports from the Committee to whom the Wool, &c. Consideration of the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, was committed; as also to consider of the Encouragement of the Woolen Manuf acture; and of the Abuses of the Aulnage and Alum Patent: That the Committee had taken the Matter concerning the Aulnage into their Consideration; and had ordered him to make this Report:

That it appeared, by the Examination of several Witnesses, That the Aulnagers had entered into the Shops of several Packers, Drapers, and other Retalers of Cloth and Woolen Manufactures; and had seized their Goods, as forfeited; and exhibited Informations against them in the Exchequer, whereby they had been put to great Charge and Trouble: And that the Aulnagers, by these . means, had made them enter into yearly Compositions with them to free their Shops from Searchers; some at l ive Shillings or Ten Shillings by the Year, and others at Twenty or Forty Shillings by the Year.

That the Charges these Examiners have been put to, hath come Twenty, Forty or Fifty Pounds; when the Duty that was demanded, if it were due, did not exceed Tw o or Three Shillings.

Thai some of them have had their Goods seized, as they were carrying them upon the Hoad in Waggons, or in Carriers Packs; and the Goods detained, and they put to great Charges, before they could get Kestitution.

That many of them have produced Witnesses, to prove the Goods were sealed, and had the Seals upon them, when they were bought; and yet had been prosecuted by the Aulnagers.

That many of their Cloths came up rough out of the Country with their Seals upon them; but that w hen they were roved and drest here, the Seals were often broken off in the W orking, and they were not able to help it: And, in dying of their Cloths into light Colours, they were fain to take off the Seals; or otherw ise, where-ever the Seal touched, there would be a Spot or Stain in it. Whereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions: Resolved, See. That the Subsidy of Aulnage, and the Aulnagers Fee, ought to be paid by the first Makers of the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom; and not by the Retalers, or any other Person whatsoever.

Resolved, Sec. That the Aulnagers Searching of Waggons and Carriers Packs upon the Highway is an Abuse.

Resolved, &c. That the Aulnagers making Factors, Drapers, and other Retalers, to pay yearly Compositions for not searching their Shops, is an Abuse.

Resolved, Scc. That, in the Opinion of this Committee, the Abuses are fit to be redressed by a Bill to be brought in for that Purpose.

And the said Report and Votes, being delivered in at the Clerk's Table, were then read: And the Votes, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Subsidy of Aulnage, and the Aulnagers Fee, ought to be paid by the first Makers of

*4

the Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom; and not by the Retalers, or any other Person whatsoever.

Resolved, See. That the Aulnagers Searching Waggons, and Carriers Packs, upon the Highways, ia an Abuse.

Resolved, Sec. That the Aulnagers making Factors, Drapers, and other Retalers, to pay yearly Compositions for not searching their Shops, is an Abuse.

Resolved, &c. That these Abuses are fit to be redressed, by a Bill to be brought in for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Colonel

Birch, and Sir Geo. Downing, to prepare and bring in ft Bill accordingly, pursuant to the said Votes.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John CoeU and Sir

Miles Cooke;

Mr. Speaker, The House of Peers have sent us down, to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of John Samine.

Mr. Powle reports from the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, is referred; as also to consider of the Encouragement of the Woolen Manufactures, and of the Abuses of the Aulnage and Alum Patents; That the Committee had taken the Manufacture of Tapestry Hangings into their Consideration; and summoned Francis Poynes, the King's Tapestry-maker, living in Hatton Garden: Who informed the Committee, That there is yearly carried beyond Sea a Hundred thousand Pounds Weight of W ool at the least, for making of Tapestry Hangings; our Wool being much the best lor that Purpose:

That there are, at least, Ten thousand Persons employed in working of them; and the Value of their Goods comes to not less than One hundred thousand Pounds a

Year:

That the principal Places for making them are at Ant-

icerpe, Bruges, Gaunt, and Oudenard.

That the King of France, some Years since, set up this Manufacture at Bouvayin France; and brought divers Workers thereof out of Flanders thither: But, at this time, the Trade there is almost totally decayed, and the Manufacturers that are left, desirous to remove.

That there are some made in Holland; but no great Quantity.

That, considering the ill Condition of Flanders, and the Decay of the Trade at Bouvay, he did believe, that if there were some Encouragement given to those Manufacturers to come and settle in this Kingdom, they would remove themselves hither; and thereby we might gain the Manufactory wholly to ourselves.

That the Committee took Occasion, from this Proposal, to debate several other Matters of the like Kind; and, at last, came to this Resolution.

Resolved, See. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that a Bill be brought in, to encourage all Protestant Strangers, Artificers in Tapestry, or other Manufactures made of or mixed with Wool, to come and settle in this Kingdom; and to be naturalized; and to have Liberty to exercise their Trades here, and to enjoy like Privileges with the French and Dutch Churches; all such Persons first subscribing the Declaration contained in the Act for the suppressing the Growth of Popery.

And the said Report and Vote, being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, were there read.

Resolved, See. That it be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for impowering and licensing Protestant Strangers to exercise their Trades in the several Places therein mentioned, is committed, to take the said Report and Vote into their Consideration; and to alter and amend the said Bill, pursuant to the said Vote; and make it general, to extend to all Protestant Strangers whatsoever, and not to th e French Protestants only: And the Persons,

to whom the Matter concerning the Woolen Manufactory is referred, are to take into Consideration the Letts

and

Samine’g

Estate.

Exporting

Wool.

hi1

30 Car. II. 27° Martii — 11° . 463

Answer to Address.

Regulating the Poor*

and Hindrances of the Encouragement of making of Tapestry Hangings: And the Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That, in pursuance of the Order of the House, those Members of this House, that were of his Majesty's Privy Council, had attended his Majesty with the Addressof this House, to desire a Recess: And that his Majesty was pleased to appoint, that this House might adjourn until Tomorrow Fortnight, being the Eleventh Day of April.

Ordered That Sir Charles Harbord have Leave to bring in a Bill for better Regulating of the Poor.

o .00

Hopkins, Mr. May, Sir John flolham, Sir IVmJVcnt'worth*

Sir Adam Brawn, Sir Tho. Iliggons, Mr. Vane, Sir Hen.

CaptUy or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee last appointed do summon Mr. Arnold and Mr. Scudamore, and do take their Answers to the Paper tills Day delivered in to Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee Committees, last unpointed, which is to sit this Afternoon only, be adjourned during the Recess.

Herring’s

Estate.

Growth of Popery.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Franck lyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Rill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts o {John Herring, deceased, without any Amendment.

The House then, according to their Order, took into Consideration the Danger the Church of England is in, by the Growth ot Popery.

The House being informed, that Mass is publickly said in several Places within the County of Monmouth; and that there is one Mr. Arnold at the Door, ready to make the same out;

A Paper, containing an Information of several Popish Priests and Jesuits, anu the Persons that do countenance and support them, was delivered in to Mr. Speaker.

Mr. Arnold was called in to tue Bar of the House; and asked divers Questions by Mr. Speaker, touching the Mutters contained in the Paper delivered in to Mr. Speaker; and also touching several other Things: And having given his Answer; and being withdrawn;

One Capt. Scudamore was called in to the Bar; and asked several Questions, by Mr. Speaker, concerning one Elliot a Popish Priest, formerly committed to Gaol by the said Capt. Scudamore.

And he having given his Answer; and being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the Thanks of this..... be given to Mr. Arnold and Mr. Scudamore, for their Informations this Day given to the House of the Growth of Popery.

And Air. Arnold and Mr. Scudamore being called in to the Bar of the House; Mr. Speaker did, in a Short and eloquent Speech, give them the Thanks of the House accordingly.

A Debate being in the House, That a Conference may be had with the Lords, concerning the Danger the Nation is in by the Growth of Popery, and for providing Remedies to prevent the same; and that a Committee may be appointed to draw up Heads for the said Conference;

The Question being put, That the said Debate be adjourned;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

tilers r* 1

[Sir 7 ho. Iliggons, j

Tellers Vane,

iUlers’[.Mr. Mounscn, J

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Ac. That a Conference be desired with the Lords, concerning the Danger the Nation is in by the Growth of Popery; and for providing Remedies to prevent the same.

for the Yeas, for the Noes,

69.

113.

An Address of the Twentieth of February 1670, touching the Growth of Popery, with Heads and Reasons thereto, was read.

Resolved, &c. 'I hat it he referred to a Committee to consider of the said Address and Heads; and thereout, and upon the Debates of the House, to prepare and draw up Reasons to be offered at the Conference.

And it is referred to Sir rlho Col. Birch, Sir Chr. Harbord, 'Six John Knight, Lord Cavendish, Sir Trevor, Sir Tho. Clergis, Mr: Browne, Sir Rolles, Serj.

Gregory, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Powk,

Sir I ho. Littleton, Sir Rich. , Mr. Vaughan, Mr,

Vox- IX.

Ordered, That the Causes now depending before the Committee of Committee ot Elections and Privileges, he put off Pour- Privileges, teen Days from the time they would have been heard in Course, as they now stand before the Committee: And that Sir 7ho. Meeres, Chairman of the said Committee, be impowered to give Notice thereof to all Parties concerned therein; and to appoint them particular Days; and issue out Summons accordingly.

Ordered, That, after this Day, the Protection of this Protection House be taken off from Thompson and Nelthrop, and rescinded, other the Bankrupts, during the Recess.

Ordered, That the House be called over on Tuesday Call of the the Sixteenth of April next. ouse‘

Ordered, That the Clerk of the House do give Notice to the several Sheriffs, to signify to all the Members of this House in each County, 'i hat they give their Attendance on Thursday the Eleventh of April next: And that the House is to he Called the Tuesday following; at which time all that are absent shall incur the Displeasure of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday the Eleventh Day of April next, Eight of the Ciock in the Morning.

Jot 'is, 11 0 (lie Aprilis, 1678.

Til E House being, on the Seven-and-twentieth of Illness of

March last, adjourned to this Day; and being Mr. Speaker, met; Mr. lien. Seymour, one of his Majesty's Bedchamber, and Uncle to Mr. Seymour, the present Speaker, did acquaint the House, That he had received Information by a Letter by Appointment from Mr. Speaker, who at present is at his House in the Country in the Interval of the Sitting of the House; That he was there suddenly seized with a Sickness and Distemper, so violently, that he was confined to his Bed, and notable to write himself; but, so soon as it Should please God to restore him, he would return to their Service.

And Mr. Secretary Coventry acquainting the House, SirR. Saw-That his Majesty had received Advertisement, that Mr. yer chosen Speaker does labour under so great an Indisposition of Speaker. Health, that he cannot possibly, for a long time, attend the Service of the House; and to the end the publick Affairs mayreceive no Delay; his Majesty did give Leave to the House to chuse a new Speaker; and topreseut him to his Majesty on Monday next:

And the House being satisfied, That, by reason 0 f th Speaker’s great Indisposition, Uncertainty of Return; and in order to publick Affairs, it was very necessary a new Speaker Should be chosen: Thereupon Mr. Secretary Coventry did propose, mid recommend, Sii as a Person fit, for his Ability and Learning, to be Speaker.

And Sir Robert Sawyer standing up, and making a Speech to excuse and disable himself; and some other Person being in Nomination;

And a Debate arising; and a Question demanded to be put. Whether Sir Robert Sawyer Should be chosen Speaker or not; and who Should put that Question; a Precedent was then produced out of the Journal of 1* Jacobi, where the Clerk of the House, in like Case with this,

did,

Mr. Speaker approved by the King.

Adjourn-

ment.

Causes before Committee of Privileges.

Durham

Election.

464 11 — 150 — 29 1678.

did, by Direction of the House, make and put the Question;

And the presentClerk being now directed and demanded so to do; and the Mace not being in the House; he did humbly leave it to their Consideration, whether it could be so regularly done, till the Mace were brought into the House: And, upon some Debate had, it was thought fit, and the Mace was, by their Command, brought in by the Serjeant, and laid under the Table: And the House then again directed the Clerk to make, and put the Question: Which he did, pursuant to the former Precedents; viz. All that will have Sir Robert Sawyer Speaker, say Yea: Which being carried in the Affirmative by much the greater Number of Voices, without any Division of the House, Sir Robert Sawyer was thereupon conducted to the Chair by Mr. Secretary Coventry and Mr. Secretary Williamson: And being the re placed, and the Mace then put upon the Table; after some Pause, he stood up, and made a gratulatory Speech to the House for their Favour and respect to him; desiring their Leave to intercede with his Majesty to excuse him from undertaking so great and difficult an Employment; which, by reason of his Indisposition of Body, and want of Experience, he conceived himself not able to perform: But, if his Excuse Should not be admitted, he would serve them with all Integrity, to the utmost of his Capacity and Ability: And desired the Help and Assistance of the Members, who had been long versed and experienced in the Proceedings of the House.

And the House, having, upon the Question, ordered the Clerk to enter the Manner of chusing the Speaker; without proceeding to any other Business

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Danger from Reasons for the Conference to be had with the Lords, con- Popery, ceming the Danger the Nation is in by the Growth of Popery, do sit during the Interval of the Sitting of the House; to perfect the Matters referred to them; and to make their Report at the First Sitting of the House: And that Mr. Booth, Mr. Williams, Mr. Waller, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Ralph Delavale, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Sa-

cheverell, Sir John Mallett, Sir JohMoreton, Mr. Mal-

let t, Sir John Femvick, be added to the said Committee.

Resolved, &c. That the House be called over on Tomorrow Fortnight

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to Norwich the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich, in the room of Francis Corey Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the House do prepare Members to Letters, to be signed by Mr. Speaker, to be sent to the be sum-Sheriffs, requiring them to signify to all the Members that m0Bei1-serve for the Places within their respective Counties, that they give their Attendance on Monday the Twenty-ninth of April Instant: And that the House is to be Called Call of the over the Day following; at which time, such as shall be House, absent, will incur the Displeasure of the House.

Adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of And then the House, upon the Question, adjourned the Clock. until Monday the Twenty-ninth of April Instant,

__________ Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 15° die 1678.

THE House being met, and Mr. Speaker Elect set in the Chair;

A Message was delivered by Sir Edward Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker Elect, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty; the Serjeant at Arms attending this House following with the Mace unadvanced.

And his Majesty having approved and allowed of Mr. Speaker;

The House and Mr. Speaker returned with the Mace carried before him.

And Mr. Speaker, having taken the Chair, acquainted the House, That His Majesty did by the Lord Chief Justice North, signify his Pleasure, That both Houses of Parliament Should adjourn themselves until Monday the Nine-and-twentieth of April Instant: And that the Reason of such Adjournment was to this Effect;

That the Dutch Ambassador had not at present full Instructions; and that the Affairs concerning the Alliances were not yet so ripe or fit to be imparted to both Houses of Parliament, as it was expected they might have been upon the last Adjournment.

Ordered, That the Causes now depending before the Committee of Elections and Privileges, be put off Fourteen Days from the time they would have been heard in Course, as they now stand before the Committee: And that Sir Thomas Meres, Chairman of the said Committee, be impowered to give Notice thereof to all Parties concerned therein; and to appoint them particular Days; and issue out Summons accordingly.

A Petition of William Tempest Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of John Parkhurst Esquire, to serve for the City of Durham, in Injury of the Petitioner, was read.

Luna, 29° Aprilis, 1678.

SI R John Trevor reports from the Committee ap- Danger fam pointed to prepare and draw up Reasons to be of- Pop*)'* fered at a Conference with the Lords, concerning the Danger the Nation is in by the Growth of Popery; and for providing Remedies to prevent the same; and to summon Mr. Arnold and Mr. Scudamore, and to take their Answer to the Paper delivered to Mr. Speaker;

That the Committee met several times: And that they had perused several Papers and Records; and had taken the Answers of Mr. Arnold and Mr. Scudamore, and the Informations of several others; and had several Informations exhibited to them, taken upon Oath before Justices of the Peace: And that the Committee ordered him to make a Report, consisting of several Particulars, disposed under Three Heads: Which Report he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the King, by Sir Edward Carteret, Message to Usher of the Black Rod; attend tb*

Mr. Speaker, King‘

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And the House being returned, Mr. Speaker reports,

That he had attended his Majesty: And that his Majesty was pleased to signify his Pleasure by the Lord Chancellor:

Being long, and of great Consequence, to avoid Mistakes, he had obtained a Copy of it: Which was read to tile House by the Clerk; and is as followelh; viz.

My Lords, and you the Knights, Citizens, and Bur- Lord

gesses of the House of Commons. Chancellor’s

° _ Speech.

HIS Majesty, having made a League offensive and defensive with Holland, and endeavoured to improve that League, by entering into further and more general Alliances^for the Prosecution of the War, hath nevertheless

thought

l'W':

\Tn

Wbl

Meek

tnootsL

lie*

te:

Ftf*.

»jf^:

r*sli

[ie-

d

laDCti*

etch-

30 Car. II.

290 Apr

4^5

thought fit, before he make His last Step, to take the further Advice of both His Houses of Parliament; and resolves to govern himself by it.

And to the end His Parliament may be able to give a clear and certain Judgment in this Matter, His Majesty hath commanded, that the present State and Condition of Affairs Should be fully and plainly opened to you. And this I shall do in few Words.

The Address to His Majesty from both Houses, was upon the Sixteenth of March One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-six; wherein the dangerous Growth of the French Monarchy being observed, and the Conquests made in Flanders, together with the ill Consequences aris-

ing from thence, His Majesty is desired to strengthen Himself by such stricter Alliances as may secure His own Kingdoms, and preserve the Netherlands.

But this Address did neither desire nor seem to intend,

as might enable Him to obtain His Uesires by Force of

Arms: For His Majesty did well perceive, that the States chancellor’s

of Holland, whom he had so long found weary of the W ar, Speech

would never enter into any Alliance with His Majesty for the Prosecution of this War, without a Prospect of a Peace.

And, to convince the World, that His Majesty was resolved to espouse the Interest of the States General to the uttermost, His Majesty (who could not but see that the Happiness and Prosperity of the Prince did very much depend upon the Quiet and Repose of those Countries) did, in the Time of their most pressing Dangers, give His own Niece in Marriage to the Prince: Which Act alone was enough to extinguish all the Fears at Home, and raise the Hopes of all that were Abroad. And with this Assurance, and this Evidence of the King's good Intentions to the States, the Prince returned.

And now, to the end it might be known, whether his

that His Majesty Should so suddenly and so abruptly most Christian Majesty would consent to such Conditions depart from his Figure of Mediator, as immediately to of Peace, as might be grateful to the States; and that

become a Party in the War, before any such Alliances were made: For this Address was followed with several other Addresses from the Commons, in the Months of March, April, and Map following, all of them pressing His Majesty to hasten His Entry into such Alliances; and one of them particularly pointing at a League offensive and defensive with the States General. And in Truth, as no Alliances could well be made, till we had concluded with Holland;so no Entry could be made upon any Alliance with Holland, until the Mind of the Prince of Orange were perfectly known; for upon him would depend much of

such Measures might be taken as were fit in case of Refusal; Conditions were prepared and sent to Paris, by the Earl of Feversham, in November last; and in December following, the Earl of Feversham returns with an Answer, very dissatisfactory.

This ill Answer being returned, His Majesty hastened the Meeting of the Parliament; and proceeded to close up the Treaty with the States General, for obtaining of those Conditions by Force of Arms, which could not be obtained by fair Means.

And this is the League offensive and defensive made

that Certainty and Secrecy, w’hich was absolutely necessary with Holland, and concluded in the Beginning of January

to bring such aTreaty to Perfection: But the Prince was in so great a Hurry of Business, and such a Heat of Action, that no Time could possibly be found all that Summer, to enter upon this Treaty. And yet that no Time might be lost, His Majesty did all he could at Home, to fit and prepare Himself for such an Alliance, when the Time

last: Which his Majesty is graciously pleased maybe communicated to the Parliament, if they shall desire to see it.

And His Majesty, at the same time, and for the fuller Satisfaction of His Parliament, and the better Securing of his Kingdoms, in all Events, did further take care

Should come: He repairs His old Fleet; buys in necessary to conclude another perpetual defensive Treaty with the Stores for the Navy and Ordnance: And in this and other States General.

Provisions, for better securing His foreign Plantations, and In Execution of the offensive and defensive League, Islands nearer Home, expended a great deal more than the His Majesty sent to the States, to have the Number of Two hundred thousand Pounds, which He was enabled Forces by Sea and Land adjusted; and did agree what

to borrow upon the Excise: And if He could have then prevailed to have had the Six hundred thousand Pounds completed, as he desired, the Expence of That in other Stores and Provisions, both for Land and Sea, would by this time have given an universal Content and Satisfaction.

Nor did His Majesty rest here, but He continued all the rest of that. Summer to make all the Steps He could towards an Alliance with Holland. To this End He did in the Month of June send for His Ambassador Sir JVm.

His own Quota by Sea Should be; and sent over some Forces into Flanders; and had sent more, but that some Difficulties were made on That Side; which His Majesty, for the Friendship sake which He hath with them, does not think fit to remember.

The next Thing absolutely necessary to be done, was, to have one common Alliance, for all Parties to enter into for the Carrying on of the War, by disposing the several Stations of the joint Forces, by the general Prohibition of

Temple, to come to Him from Nimeguen, in order to his Commerce, and by providing against all Possibilities of any

being employed to negotiate with the Prince of Orange, touching those Measures which were necessary to be taken for the common Safety: But the Prince’s continual Action caused it to be deferred; and yet in August following the King appoints His Ambassador Mr. Hyde to wait upon the Prince, and to know of him what Course he thought

separate Peace: For which Causes His Majesty appoints His own Commissioners, to meet and treat with the foreign Ministers: But to the King’s great Disappointment it appeared, that the Dutch Ambassador had no Power to treat: Which made the other Ministers refuse to enter upon any Discourse; and therefore, to obtain these Powers

best to be taken, as Things then stood; and to desire to be sent, His Majesty, besides the repeated and pressing

him, that he would either write his own Mind, or send some Person hither, instructed with it, or come himself. The Prince was pleased to choose the latter.

By That Conversation with his Highness, His Majesty quickly understood to what a low Estate the Affairs of Holland were reduced; and in what great Disorders the rest of the Confederates were; they in Flanders totally desponding, and the People in violent for

a Peace. So that there seemed to be no other Remedy or Expedient left, but for His Majesty to try whether a Peace could be obtained upon reasonable Conditions; this being the main and principal Point, to which the King had been all that Year earnestly solicited by the States; that is to say, In the Months of January, May, and September last, just before the Prince came over: And His Majesty had Reason to believe, that such Endeavours would be grateful to the States; and took thereby an Opportunity to engage the States, that, in case of Refusal*

Instances of His own Ambassadors in Holland, was pleased to write Himself to the States very earnestly in this Matter. At last Powers come: But then the Ambassador wants Instructions; so that nothing at all could be concluded touching those Points which were most essential and necessary to be settled between us; and which the King hath never ceased to press for, to this very Day. But hitherto the King finds what he always feared, that the Dutch are making haste to get out of the War; and are so far from disposing themselves to enter into any new Alliance for the more vigorous Prosecution of it, that whether they will persevere in the League offensive and defensive which they have made with the King, or to what Degree they will act, if they Should persevere, depends upon very many and very great Uncertainties: For they are at this very Time entered upon Considerations of accepting such a Peace as the most Christian King hath thought fit to offer lately at Nimeguen, though it be without His Majesty’s Consent or

they Should enter into such an Alliance with His Majesty, Privity, and contrary to that League by which they stand Vol, IX.

6 B

obliged

Leagues and Treaties.

Danger from Popery.

466 29" Jpritis. J. 1678.

obliged to him to prosecute the War, till a much better Peace can be obtained.

To prevent this, the King hath sent an Express, on purpose to know what they intend by this manner of Proceeding; and to dissuade them from it, by letting them see, that this will be as ill a Peace for themselves and the rest of Christendom, as their Enemies could wish.

But the King, as yet, can receive no other Account from them, but Complaints of their great Poverty, and utter Inability to be at any further Charge in carrying on the War: And the King is informed by His Ambassador, that they intend to send over an Envoy Extraordinary to His Majesty, to beg His Majesty to accept of these Propositions; and to excuse themselves for this, upon the general Impatience of their People.

This is the State of the Case; and thus it stands at this Day between us and Holland;from whom we have little Hopes now, that they Should ever so far enter into this new and common Alliance, as to make it Quadrupartite.

And now, upon the whole Matter, the King demands your Advice, what may be fit for Him to do in this difficult Conjuncture; and resolves to pursue it: And therefore desires you to take this Matter into your most speedy and most serious Considerations.

Ordered, That the Members of this House that are of his Majesty’s Privy Council do attend His Majesty; and humbly desire him, that he will be pleased to communicate to this House, all such Leagues and Treaties as are mentioned in the Lord Chancellor’s Speech, or relating the reunto.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the Report, this Day made by Sir John Trevor: Which was read by the Clerk, and is as followeth.

The First Head;

The Names of Popish Priests; by whom kept; the Chapels, and other Places where Mass is said, and resorted to, in the County of Monmouth.

1. John Arnold, of Llanvihain the County of

Monmouth, Esquire, late a Justice of the Peace there, by his Examination saith, that he hath known Mr. David Lewis for Seven or Eight Years; who hath been for all that Time, and before, reputed a Jesuit, and Provincial of the Jesuits, in the County of Monmouth: That for several Years past, he lived Llantamam House, then in Jointure to the Lady Morgan', which by her Death, about Two Years since, came to Sir Edward Morgan:, Where the said David Lewis publickly said Mass, as he hath been credibly informed by Persons that were present thereat. He likewise says That he hath seen the Chapel, Altar, and Ornaments in the said House, for the Celebration of Mass: That the said David Lewis lives now near Llantamam aforesaid; and doth also, as he hath

been informed, say Mass at a Popish Chapel, near Mr. Gunters House in Abergaveny Town.

2. Charles Morgan Gentleman, by his Examination

upon Oath, saith, That David Lewis, a Popish reputed Priest, doth often frequent the House of one Mr. Thomas Gunter of Abergaveny.

3. William James, by his Examination upon Oath,

saith, That he hath known David Lewis to be a Popish Priest, this Sixteen Years; and believes him to be the Superior of all the Jesuits in North and South Wales: He and his Wife have received the Sacrament of him; hath seen him administer it to above a Hundred Persons;, hath seen him christen several Children, and marry several Persons at a Chapel in LantarnamHouse, and at the Houses of Andrew and Edward William: That a great Number . resort to Llantamam to hear Mass. Deposeth further.

That he hath given several Angels to the said David Lewis to pray for the Soul of his Father-in-Law, alter he was , dead: And that his Father-io-Law told him and his Wife, that he was fain to give Fifty Pounds to the said David Lewis, to be disposed to pious Uses; and that if he did not give it, he Should neither have the Sacrament, noi; Absolution. And he further saith, That he knoweth

22

William Comeljau wKo hath officiated as Clerk at iMiass ib the said David Lewis, this Fifteen or Sixteen Yeiars; And that the said William Cornelius was both a Constable and Churchwarden for the Parish of

4. Dorothy, the Wife of William James, deposeth, That she hath known David Lewis to be a Popish Priest, these Twenty Years; hath seen him say Mass at

and elsewhere; she and her Husband having received the Sacrameqt from him; and hath seen him administer it to several Persons; and marry and christen several times: She knoweth, that one William Cornelius hath officiated as Clerk to the said David Lewis, for Sixteen Years past, and above.

5. Mr. Aronld says, That he hath known Captain

Syliard Four or Five Years: That he hath been informed, by the Minister of Lanarth, and others, That he is a Romish Priest, and doth openly say Mass in that

Parish; to which great Numbers do resort: That most of the Parish are Papists.

6. Thomas Watkins, Vicar of Lanarth, upon his Oath, deposeth, That one Syliard, a reputed Popish Priest, resides in the said Parish.

7. Mr. Charles Morgan, upon his Oath, saith, That the said Mr. Syliard, a reputed Popish Priest, lives with Mrs. Jones of Lanarth, Widow.

8. Mr. Arnold says, That Mr. Harris, alias Price, is reputed to be a Popish Priest.

9. Thomas Watkins of Lanarth, upon his Oath, de-

poseth, That Walter Harry, alias Price, is a reputed Popish Priest; resideth in Clit ha a Hamlet in Lanarth, in the House of Mrs. Christian That there

are above Eighty reputed Popish Recusants, besides Children and Servants, in that Parish: That he hath been informed, that the said Price says Mass, marries and christens in the said Parish; and has endeavoured to pervert several of the Parish to the Popish Religion.

10. Mr. Samuell Watkins, Vicar of Lantilio Gresseny and Penrose in the County of Monmouth, upon his Oath, says, That Mr. Walter Harries, alias Price, and another Mr. Harries, say Mass at William Pullen's House; and likewise do often christen.

11. Mr. Aron Lewis, of Landigua in the County of Monmouth, upon his Oath, says, That several Persons have informed him, that Walter Harries, alias Price, is a Popish Priest, and had christened several of their Children; and that the said Price said Mass publickly: and that he lives in the House of Mrs. Catherine and Christian Milbourne.

12. Alice the Wife of the said Mr. Aron Laris, upon

her Oath, saith, That she knoweth the said Mr. Walter Price to be a Popish Priest: Hath seen and heard him say Mass Forty times; hath received the Sacrament from him; hath seen him administer it to a Hundred more; hath seen him often marry and christen; hath perverted several Protestants from the Church of England to the Church of Rome; as James Prichard and Catherine

his Wife, Charles Watkins and his Wife, and the Wife of William Arthur, and several others.

She further saith, that she hath seen above a Hundred at Mass at one time, at Mrs. Christian Milborne's House: And that the Crowd was so great, that the Loft was forced to be propped, lest it Should fall down under the Weight: That she hath confessed her Sins to the said Price', and that he gave her Absolution.

13. William Lewis, of Ragland in the County of Monmouth, upon his Oath, saith, That he hath seen Mr. Price, who doth, or lately did live at the House of Mrs. Milborne, say Mass, and preach in Welsh: That the said Price did earnestly endeavour to turn him from the Church of England to the Church of Rome; telling him, That he Should never see the Face of God, unless he would be of their Way.

14. Mr. Roger Seys, upon his Oath, saith. That the said Wliter Harry, alias Price, is a Popish Priest: And that he was present when it was proved before a Justice of the Peace, That the said Price had said Mass.

15. William James, upon his Oath, saith, That he knoweth Walter Harries, alias Price, a Popish Priest; and

" hath

jq Car. II. 29° y

bath seen him ai Maas; hath heard him say Mass: And that he is entertained at Mrs. Mis House in Clitha.

16. Mr. Arnold says, That he hath been very credibly

informed, that one Dr. Pugh says Mass publiddy in the House of Mr. Thomas Rodnam of Blackebrooke, bath when Mr. Rodnam is at home, and when he is absent: That he hath been informed, that Walter Esquire suffers

one John Lloyd, a reputed Priest, to say Mass in his House at Treivor: That he hath seen a Chapel at Llanoaire in the House of Turbercill Morgan Esquire; and an Altar and Ornaments in it: And he hath been informed, that Thomas Lloyd, a Popish Priest, saith publick Mass, marries, christens, and buries in the said Chapel.

17. Mr. Samuell Watkins, Vicar of Llanti/lio Gresseny, and Penrose, upon his Oath, saith, That Mr. Lloyd, a reputed Popish Priest, says Mass at the House of bervill Morgan Esquire, in his Parish: That there are Three other Houses in his Parish, where reputed Popish Priests are entertained, and say public Mass: And that there are in the Parishes of LlantGrcssing, and Penrose, Sixscore Popish Recusants.

18. Mr. Arnold says, That he hath been informed by the Minister and several Witnesses, that Mrs. Scudamore of Penrose, Widow, suffers publick Mass to be said in her House; and that great Numbers resort thither.

19. Mr. Samuell Watkins, Vicar of Penrose, upon his Oath, saith, That one Mr. Lloyd, a reputed Popish Priest, is entertained at the House of one Mrs. Winifred Scudamore: And that he hath seen him there, and a great Number of

Popish Recusants i-esorting thither upon Sundays and Holidays, to hear Mass, as he conceiveth; and he verily believes, all her Children were christened by Popish Priests.

20. Mr. Arnold says, That he hath seen a publick Chapel near the House of Mr. Thomas Gunter, a Papist convict in Abergaveny, adorned with the Marks of the

Jesuits on the Outside; and is informed, that Mass is said

there by Captain Evans, a reputed Jesuit, and by the aforesaid David Laois; that very great Numbers resort to the said Chapel, and very often at Church-time: And he hath credibly heard, that a Hundred have gone out of the said Chapel, when not Forty have gone out of the Great Church: That the said Chapel is situate in a publick Street of the said Town; and doth front the said Street.

21. Mr. Greenhaughi, Vicar of Abergaveny, and Lan-tilio Bartholey in the County of Monmouth, upon his Oath, saith, That on Sundays and Holidays he hath seen great Number of Roman Catholicks resort to the House of Mr. Thomas Gunter at Abergavency: And that the said Gunter entertains one Captain Evans, whom he supposeth to be a Popish Priest: That there is the publick Marks of the Jesuits on the Outside of the Building; which is directly towards the Parish Church; and he is informed is their Chapel: And that they have in that House all the Formalities and Ornaments unto a Chapel belonging; with Mass on Sundays, and other Holidays. He deposeth, That there have been many Marriages and Christenings in both the said Parishes, by Popish Priests: And further, That the said Thomas Gunter told him, that in Olivers Time of Severity he kept a Priest, and would keep one now: That many times Corps came to be interred, with the Formalities of white Crosses upon them;

and, endeavouring to hinder the said Superstition, he hath been often abused: That he hath informed John Arnold Esquire, and other Justices of the Peace, of publick Mass said there;. ami other Enormities of the Papists.

22. William James aforesaid, upon his Oath, deposeth. That he knoweth Phillip Evans, commonly called Captain Evans, a Popish Priest, entertained by Mr. Thomas Gunter, at his House in Abergaveny.

23. Mr. Arnold says, That the Persons who commonly . go under the Names hereafter mentioned, do often change their Names, 1.and are called by other Names; and are

reputed to be, itinerant Priests in the Counties of Hereford

and Monmouth; and do usually officiate in Ten Miles

Compass; viz. Mr . Dracott, Mr. Captain Pugh,

Dr. Pugh, Mr. Rider, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Williams, Mr. Parry, Mr Jones, Mr. Harries, who is said to be

t Super-intendant of the Combe, Mr. Jokn Hall, Mr.

Powell, Mr. Harries, alias Price, Mr. Thomas > Vo L. IX.

fpfihs. 467

24. Thomas Watkins, Vicar of Llanarth, upon his Danger from Oath, deposeth, That Thomas Andrewes, a reputed Popish popery. Priest, says Mass very often at William Davie's House oiBettus, as he hath been informed.

25. Mr. Samuell Watkins, Vicar of Llantilio Gresseny,

upon his Oath, deposeth; That Mr. Thomas Andrews, a reputed Popish Priest, is entertained at Mr. Anthony Powell's at Killough; where he hath seen him: And that he says publick Mass there: And that Mr. a

reputed Popish Priest, is entertained at Mr. Prichard's House of Blaen Llyman, where Mass is publickly

said: And he hath been informed, that another reputed Popish Priest, called Mr. Lawrence Watkins, frequents the House of Mr . Walter Pozvell.

26. Mr. Roger Scys, upon his Oath, deposeth, That he heard it proved before several Justices of the Peace of the County of Monmouth, that Mr. Lawrence Watkins was a Popish Priest, and did officiate at the House of Mr.

Charles Scudamore, deceased: And further deposeth,

That Thomas Powell, a reputed Popish Priest, liveth at the House of the Lady Jones of Treowen, which is distant about a Quarter of a Mile from the Parish Church of Dingeston; to which Church, as he is informed, there do not resort above Sixteen or Twenty Persons, or thereabouts; when there doth resort to the House of the said Lady Jones threescore or thereabouts; all which do pass and repass through the said Church-yard of Din

at the Time of Divine Service.

27. Mr. Charles Morgan, upon his Oath, deposeth,

That Mr. Williams, a reputed Popish Priest, frequenteth a House called Lantrothy.

28. Mr. Arnold says, That he hath seen Hundreds of Papists meet on the Top of a high Hill, called, St.

Michaell's Mount, where is frequent Meetings, Eight or Ten times in the Year, as he is informed, Mass said, and sometimes Sermons preached there.

29. John Sciulamore, of Kentchurch in the County of Hereford Esquire, saith, That he hath seen very great Numbers of People at their Devotion, on the Top of a high Hill in Monmothshire, called Michaell's Mount, where there is a ruinous Chapel, and a Stone with Crosses upon it, which he took to be an Altar: And lie hath seen People with Beads in their Hands, kneeling, tow ard the said Stone, both within and without the said Chapel: And he hath been informed they do constantly assemble there at several times of the Year: And he hath seen them there several times himself: And he hath been informed, that Mass is often said there: And some Papists have affirmed in his Presence, that they have heard as good Sermons preached there, as ever they heard in their Lives.

30. Mr. Arnold saith, That he knoweth, that Combe House in Herefordshire, and several Lands belonging to it, of a considerable Value, is commonly reputed to be a Convent of Jesuits: And he hath heard some of the Papists themselves call it the College of the Combe:

And he hath been informed, that there are commonly Five or Six Jesuits residing the re: And there is a publick Chapel; and Mass constantly said therein.

31. Mr. Sciulamore says, That at a House called the Combe, in the County of Hereford, several Priests are maintained and kept there: And that it is commonly reported, that it is a House or College for that Purpose.

32. William James of Langatuck, in the County of Monmoth, mpon his Oath, deposeth, That he hath heard several of the Popish Priests say, That, if they could not live in those Parts, they would repair to the Combe in Herefordshire: And believes the said Combe to be a Convent; and that the Lands thereunto belonging belong to the Priests; and that they do keep, or lately did keep, Husbandry there.

33. Mr. Charles Morgan, upon his Oath, deposeth.

That Combe House in the County of Hereford, near the Dwelling House of Harry Milburnt Esquire, a Justice of the Peace, is reputed to be a Popish Convent, where several Popish reputed Priests did lately inhabit; viz. Mr. James,

Mr. Humfreys, Mr. Draycott, and Mr. Harries.

Three worthy Members of this House, living in and near Herefordshire, informed the Committee, That Combe House aforesaid, and the Lands thereunto belonging/

468 2p° Aprilis. A. 1678.

from longing, is commonly reputed to belong to the Popish both, as Justices of the Peace of the County of Monmouth, Priests. on the Seventeenth Day of April 1677, did often tender

The Second Head. the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to the said Peter

The Names of Justices of Peace and others, that are Roberts; which the said Roberts, with Contempt, did refuse Papists or suspected Papists; and their Proceedings in to take: That they both required the said Mr. Milbome, favour of Popish Priests and Popish Recusants. being then present, to join with them in the Tender of

1. Mr. Arnold, saith, That he knoweth Sir Edward the said Oath, and in committing the said Roberts: Morgan, of Llantaman in the County of MonmouthWhich he refused: Whereupon the said Mr. Arnold and Baronet; That he hath seen in his House of Llantarnan Mr. did, by Warrant and Mittimus, commit the

a Popish Chapel, with Altar and Ornaments therein for said Roberts to one Hugh Powell, one of the chief Con-the Celebration of Mass; wherein Mass is said, as he stables for the Hundred of; to convey him to his

hath been informed by such as have been present thereat: Majesty’s Gaol: Whereupon the said Harry Milbourne That he hath heard the said Sir Edxcard Morgan affirm did lay violent Hands on the chief Constable; and pushed himself to be a Roman Catholick: That he is yet con- him away, whilst the said made his Escape; and

tinued in the Commission of Peace, and is reputed to be bid the said Roberts be gone: Which he did accord-a Deputy Lieutenant. ingly» and though he was pursued, yet did escape.

1. Mr. Arnold says, That, about Ten Years since, he The said Mr. Arnold further says, That he hath often knew William Jones, of Llanarth, Esquire; that he was heard the said Mr. Milbome, at Privy Sessions, both dis-

a Justice of the Peace, and Deputy Lieutenant of Mon- courage Constables from presenting of Popish Recusants, mouthsliire; hath been informed by a worthy Member of and also declare, That it was contrary to Law to present this House, that before and at the time of his Death he them at a Privy Sessions: And that the Law of 1* was a Papist: He hath heard some Papists brag, that he was not intended against Papists. He also knoweth, That died a Papist; and that his Son is now bred in a College the said Mr. Milbome, at the End of last Easter or of Jesuits in France, or elsewhere in Foreign Parts: He Midsummer Sessions, did procure an Order, that neither says, That he hath been informed, by the Minister and the said Henry Probert, nor himself, Should act as Justices others, that most of that Parish are Papists: He says, That in the Hundred of Skenfrith, though no Justice lived in though several Warrants have issued from the Justices, the said Hundred, and they live both near to it: And to have Accounts of Defaults for not coming to Church; that the said Mr. Milbome obtained another Order of the no Returns could be had for these Two Years last past, Quarter Sessions, to vacate That they had done at a the Churchwardens and Constables being Papists. Privy Sessions, where they had convicted above Two

3. Mr . Thomas Watkins, Vicar of the Parish of Lla- hundred Papists; the Copies of which Orders were

north, upon his Oath, says, That there are above Four- denied him by the Clerk of the Peace and his Clerks: score reputed Popish Recusants within his Parish, besides And he verily believes, that the Reason of making both Children and Servants; Three reputed Popish Priests their Orders was, because the said Mr. Probert, and residing and officiating the re, to wit, one Syliard, who himself, did their Duty faithfully, and did put the Laws was lately Tutor to Mr. Jones' Two Sons, who are now in Execution against the Papists.

beyond Seas, as he verily believes; one Walter Harries, 9. Mr. Arnold says, That he knoweth, and Mr. Charles residing at Mr. Milbome s House at Clitha, a Hamlet Morgan by his Oqth deposeth, That most of the said of Lanarth; and one Andrews, at Bettus. Harry s' Family and Houshold, are Papists.

4. Mr. Charles Morgan, upon his Oath, deposeth, 10. And Mr. Arnold says, That he was present when

That Mr. Syliard, a reputed Popish Priest, lives with one Mr. Roger Seys did demand of Mr. Milbome a Mrs. Jones of Lanarth, Widow to Mr. William Jones Warrant, to apprehend one Waltei' Price, whom the said of lanarth, who was a Justice of Peace. Mr. Seys offered to prove to be a Popish Priest, kept

5. Mr. John Greenhaugh, Vicar of Abergaveny and in the House of Mrs. Catherine and Mrs. Christian

Llantilio Bartholy in the County of Monmouth, upon his Milburne, Sisters to the said Mr. Milburne: Which Oath, deposeth, That there is, or hath of late been, one the said Mr. Milburne not only refused to grant, but Mr. Evans, a reputed Popish Priest, entertained at the threatened the said Mr. Seys for demanding the same. House of Charles Proger Esquire, in the said Parish of And lastly he saith, That he hath been’ credibly in-Llandilio, who is a Justice of Peace; That he hath seen formed, that Mr. Milburne is a Trustee of many of the great Numbers of Men and Women resort thither to Papists in Hereford and Monmouthshires.

Mass, as he conceives. 11. Henry Probert Esquire, upon his Oath, saith,

6. Mr. Arnold says, That he hath been informed, that That Mr. Arnold, with himself and others, kept a Privy

Mass was very lately and publickly said at Llantrothy, a Sessions in Llantillio in the County of Mon-

House belonging to Rowland Prichard Esquire, now a mouth, where the Constables presented a great Number Justice of Peace of Monmouthshire; where one Thomas of Popish Recusants; but at the next Quarter Sessions EUiott a Popish Priest, formerly committed to Hereford there was an Order made, vacating all that was done at Gaol as such, doth officiate: That he informed the said the said Privy Sessions; though very little or nothing Mr. Prichard of it; and that it was dangerous to him, was done there, but about the Presentment of Papists: and scandalous to Religion, for him to suffer it: The said And further, That he doth in his Conscience believe, Mr. Prichard answered, That he had Ten Pounds Relit that the said Mr. Milburne was the main Agent and extraordinary for it; and That would do him more Good Instrument of making and obtaining the said Order, than the Scandal could hurt him: That Mr. Prichard 12. John Scudamore Esquire, Justice of the Peace of is Nephew to Mr. Harry Milbome. Herefordshire, says, That, having desired one Mr. Harry

7. Mr. Charles Morgan, upon his Oath, deposeth, Milburne, a Justice of Peace of that County, to join

That he hath credibly heard, that Rowland Prichards with him in issuing out Warrants to levy Twelve-pence Esquire hath Ten Pounds per Annum more, for his a Sunday on Popish Recusants, he always refused so to House at Llantrothy, for suffering one Mr. Williams, a do; affirming that the Statute of 1° Elizabeth was never

reputed Popish Priest, to be there sometimes. intended against Papists.

8. Mr. Arnold says, That he knows Harry Milbome That he hath been credibly informed, That the greatest Esquire to be a Justice of Peace in Four Counties, whereof Part of the Family and Houshold of the said Mr. Monmouthshire is one: And that he, the said Milbome, burne, and great Part of the Parish within which he lives, ever-since he came into the Commission of the Peace for are Papists: That he hath known Two of Mr. Monmouthshire, hath kept Papists for his Clerks, who Clerks, who received and kept all Returns and Present-received and kept all Presentments: One of them, called ments, and were both declared Papists, the Name of Bmvyer, was indicted for treasonable Wqjfds at Her ford one being John Borwyer, who was tried at Her ford for Assizes, of which the Herefordshire Members can give a treasonable Words; the Name of the other Peter more perfect Account; the other, named Peter Roberts, Roberts, who is or was lately his Clerk.

a Papist Convict: The said Mr. Arnold says, and Henry 13. Mr. Roger Seys and Mr. Lewis Price, upon their

Probert Esquire, upon his Oath, deposeth, That they Oaths, severally depose, That they were present when

John

30 Car. II.

29° Aprilis.

469

John Arnold and Henry Probert Esquires, did commit by Warrant, countersigned by Mr. Secretary Trevor, dated Danger from

Peter Roberts, Clerk to Mr. Mil; for refusing to

take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance: And that the said Mr. Milburnerescued the said Roberts out of

the Hands of the chief Constable; who thereupon made his Escape.

the Twenty-fourth of January following, directed to l>0Per.v-Marshal Briggs Esquire, High Sheriff' of the County of Hereford, the said Elliott was brought up to London in order to his Delivery over to the Lieutenant of the That, by Warrant, countersigned by Mr. Secretary

The said Mr. Seys farther deposeth, That he, being dated the Fifteenth of February following, directed to the

Churchwarden, did on the Seventeenth Day of April,

1677, demand a Warrant from Air. Milburne against

Walter Harryes, alias Price, a Popish Priest, wholiveth

with Mrs. Christian and Catherine Milburne, Sisters to the said Milburne: Which Warrant Mr. Milburne refused to grant; but threatened him with opprobrious Words, telling him, that he was a busy troublesome Man, and that he would be upon his Skirts.

14. Lambert Miles, upon his Oath, suith, That about

the Year 1675 or 167b, being Petty Constable oi Llan-

lil/io Grcsstney, he went to Mr. Milburne a Justice of

Peace, with his Presentment, to be approved of and subscribed by the said Mr. Milburne; wherein several the said Lieutenant took a Bond, in his Majesty’s Name, Popish Recusants were presented lor not coming to from the said Elliott, with Two Sureties in the Sum of Church: That the said Mr. Milburne struck out, or Five hundred Pounds; and thereupon set the said Elliott caused to be struck out, several of their Names; and the at Liberty: That at the next Assizes and General Gaol Oath, that it was a true Presentment, was omitted; he Delivery for the County of the Twenty-fourth

the said Miles refusing to take it, unless the Names of of March following, the said William Elliott was indicted the said Popish Recusants, struck out, as aforesaid, by for being a Seminary Priest; which Indictment was found

Lieutenant of the Toxcer, the said Elliott w as committed to the Toner until further Order: And accordingly he the said Mr. Elliott was delivered by the High Sheriff of Hereford into the Lieutenant of the Toners Custody. That, by Warrant, countersigned by Mr. Secretary 7

dated the Fourth of March following, the Lieutenant of the Tim er w as commanded to enlarge and set at Liberty the said William Elliott, first taking Security from him to transport himself out of the Realm into some Parts beyond the Seas, within Ten Days next alter such Enlargement; and not to return into any of his Majesty’s Dominions, w ithout Leave first obtained: That accordingly

Mr. Milburne, or his Order, were inserted therein: That thereupon the said Lambert Miles never presented those struck out any more, nor swore to any Presentment after, though he continued Petty Constable Two Years.

1.5. Mr. Arnold saitli, That he hath had it proved by Oath before him, that Mr. Isaac/c Williams, who is Coroner for Part of the County of Monmouth, hath his Children christened by a Popish Priest: And that his Wife is a violent Papist: And hath heard credibly, that Mass is very often said in his House; and that very frequent Meetings of Romish Priests, and others of that Religion, are held there.

lb. Mr. Roger Seys, upon his Oath, deposeth, That, he being Churchwarden, IWilliams, one of the Coroners of the County of Monmouth, did check him for putting the Statute in Execution against Popish Recusants for not coming to Church; and told him, that it was pity to prosecute them, for they were honest

by the Grand Jury; and to which Indictment Joint Marriott, John Cole, and Arthur Lister, were Witnesses: Who, by their Informations, taken upon Oath, and produced to the Committee by the Clerk of Assize, do severally depose the Apprehending of the said Elliott in the Act of Celebration of Mass, as Mr. Scudamore hath set forth in his Examination aforesaid.

The said Mr Elliott, by his Examination and Confession, produced to the Committee by the Clerk of Assize, and taken before Sir Edward Harley, John Scudamore, and William Gregory Esquires, Justices of the Peace lor the County of Heres ord, says, That he was apprehended when he was a this private Devotion; but confessed, that there were then in the same Room with him at Devotion about Six-and-Twenty Persons: That he was habited ia a Surplice, with a Vestment over it. And, being examined, whether he was a Priest, or in Orders from the Church oi Rome, he refused to answ er thereunto; but said, "Let

People: And, by way of Discourse, did hold many Argu- it be proved against me; I will not accuse myself." ments with him, in Vindication of the Romish Religion. 20. It appearethto the Committee, by the Information 17. Mr. John Greenhaugh, Vicar of Abcrgaxcny, upon of Mr. Joseph Clerk of the Peace of

his Oath saitli, That 3Jury the Wife of Mr. Leads Jones, That William Fenwick Esquire is lately put into

was the only Person in that Town severely prosecuted the Commission of the Peace for that County: That lie, for a Roman Catholick, though there were many convict being one of the Commissioners in the did oiler

Papists of greater Ability in the said Town: And that to swear the said Mr. But the said Mr. /’tw-

it was done alter her Conformity and Reconciliation to the Church of England: And that her Husband told him, that he had paid to the Under Sheriff Nine Pounds Ten Shillings, notwithstanding his Certificate, under his Hand and Seal, of her Conformity.

18. Mr. Scudamore says, That about Five Years since, he apprehended one Mr. Elliott, a Popish Priest, habited in his Cope and other Vests, in the Act of the Celebration of Muss in a Chapel in Herefordshire; wherein he observed an Altar, lighted Tapers, and several Images: He asked the said Elliott, how he durst say Mass so publickly, there being at Mass above Thirty Persons, being the re was a Proclamation to the contrary: Mr. Elliott answered, That he knew of no Proclamation; but demanded by what Authority he took him, telling him that he Should have no Thanks for apprehending him. Mr. Scudamore saith, That he thereupon committed Elliot to the County Gaol; and the next Assizes caused a Bill to be presented against him, which was found: But before his Trial he was taken out of the G aol, and, as the U nder Sheriff informed him, ho was moved to the Tower of London.

19. It appeareth to the Committee by the Original

wick refused, and told the said Clerk of the Peace several times, That he would not take his Oath as Justice of Peace.

The said Clerk of the Peace further informed the Committee, That he was employed by Mr. Neale, and others of that County, to procure them to he put into the Commission of the Peace: That, to effect it, he applied to the Lord Chancellor's Servants: Who answered. That if those he solicited for were Papists, or suspected to be such, that it could not be done: Whereupon htf desisted in his Solicitation.

21. The Knights for the County of Northumberland informed the Committee, That, hearing that Mr. was designed to be put into the Commission of the Peace, they both attended the Duke of who is Gustos

of that County; and afterwards attended the Lord Chancellor; and informed both their Lordships, severally, That Mr. Femcick was unfit to be put into the Commission, for that he was a suspected Papist, and would not act as a Justice of the Peace, if‘ he were put in; That his Wife died a professed Papist; That his Children were brought up in the Romish Religion: And therefore they did desire Records and Papers produced before them. That the said both their Lordships, severally, That Mr. Fenwick Should John Scudamore did by his Mittimus, dated the Seven- not be put into the Commission of the Peace: That they teenth of September 1671, commit the said Elliott, as a likewise did desire their Lordships, severally, that William Popish Priest, to the County Goal of Hertford, until he Carnaby Esquire might be put into the Commission of Should be thence delivered by duo Course of Law: That. the Peace; representing him to be a Gentleman of Estate, Vox., IX. , $ (2 Quality,

47°

J>9# Aprilis.

A. 167^.

Quality, and Loyalty in the County, professing the Protestant Religion, and every way qualified for that Employment: But notwithstanding their Applications and Recommendation, Mr. Carnaby was refused to be . put into the Commission; and Mr. Fenwick was put into the Commission, though they both informed their Lordships, severally, that Mr. Fenwick was formerly left out of the Commission of the Peace because he was a Papist, or a suspected Papist.

The Third Head.

The Proceedings in the Exchequer against Recusants.

Fine* im- IT appeareth to the Committee, that the Lord Trea-

Bfmnntf 6Urer» Twenty-fifth of February 1674, issued his

Warrant to the Treasurer’s Remembrancer to issue . Commissions against Recusants, into all Counties from whence any had been estreated; which were delivered to the Judges to be recommended by them to the several Commissioners in the several Counties of their Circuits: That the like Warrant was issued the Two-and-twentieth of July 167,5, with Commissioners Names, and Instructions to them, to take and seize Two Third Parts of all the Lands of Recusants; declaring his Majesty’s Pleasure to refuse the Twenty Pounds a Month, imposed on Recusants for not coming to Church, and to accept of Two Third Parts of the Lands of Recusants; directing the Returns to be made with all speed; and Writs of Attendance and Assistance to the several Sheriffs, Mayors, and Officers, to attend the Commissioners in the Execution of the Commissions: That, as Estreats out of other Countries came in, the like Warrants issued: And those Commissions were, by Messengers of the Exchequer, delivered to the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties; with a Letter from the Lord Treasurer, recommending the Execution of the said Commissions.

That the Lord Treasurer afterwards, by Advice of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law, the Approbation of the Chancellor, Chief Baron, Barons of the Exchequer, and jOf Sir Charles Harbord, his Majesty’s Surveyor General, altered the former Course; and issued his Warrant the 14th of March 1676; thereby directing Writs to be issued to the several Sheriffs, to seize Two Third Parts, as before, of the Estates of Recusants.

The 4th of July 1677, the like Warrants issued, for Writs to be made out, as well against all Recusants formerly, as then estreated; returnable in Michaelmas Term following.

It appeared to the Committee, That no Convictions are estreated out of some Counties, as

Oxford, Rutland, nor any out of Wales That in other Counties there are no Executions done, either upon the Commissions or Writs, as Derby, the City of Yorke, Hertford, Leicester, Nottingham, Norfolk, and Northumberland.

The Sheriff of Hereford stands charged with the Sum 412/. 7*. 10 d.Halfpeny Halffarthing, for the Lands of several Recusants, for One Year and a Half, ended at Michaelmas 1677. But the Sheriff hath not finished his Accounts: So that it did not appear to the Committee, that any Sum has been levied out of the Recusants Estates in that County.

It appeared to the Committee, That Rowland Prichard Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Monmouth, stood charged for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1677, with Nine Seizures of the Estates of Recusants; which amounted to 40/. That five of the Nine were levied, which amounted to 4/. 135. 4 d.

That, upon his Petition, because illeviable, he was discharged of the other Four, amounting to 35/. 6$. 8 So that the Sum that was answered into the Exchequer for that Year, out of Recusants Estates in that County, was 4 I. 13*. 4 d.

It appeared then to the Committee, That the Persons upon whom the Five Seizures were executed, were Protestant Dissenters, and not Popish Recusants; and that the Four others, whereof the Sheriff was discharged, were Popish Recusants.

The Sum wherewith the Sheriffof Monmouthshire stands charged for the Year ending &VMichaelmas 1677, being for Two-and-twenty Seizures, amounts to 61 /. 17 Farthing Halffarthing: But the Sheriff not having finished his Accounts, it could not appear to the Committee what would be answered into the Exchequer.

It appeared to the Committee, That the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, for the Year ending at Michaelmas 167,5, stands charged for the Lands of Recusants with the Sum of 100l. 3 s. 4 d.of which there is answered into the Exchequer 3#. 4 d.for the Lands of John Coffin Recusant: The rest are all discharged by Plea and Judgment of Court

The same Sheriff stands charged, for the Year 1676, for the Lands of Recusants, with the Sum of 5 4d.

of which there is only answered into the Exchequer the Sum of 3s. 4 d.for the Lands of John Coffin, Recusant; the rest being all discharged by Plea and Judgment.

The same Sheriffs stand charged, for the Year 1677, with the Sum of 488/. 3 s. 4 But their Accounts are not finished: So that it could not appear to the Committee how much would be answered into the Exchequer.

It appeared to the Committee, That the yearly Revenue out of Recusants Estates in England and Wales, paid into the Exchequer for the Year 167,5, amounted to 78/. 3 s. 6d. For the Year 1676, it amounted to 535/. 5 s. 10 id.

That the present yearly Revenue out of Recusants Estates, now in Charge before the Clerk of the Pipe, is Three thousand Four hundred and Eight Pounds, One-and-Twenty Pence Half-Farthing: But how much thereof will be answered into the Exchequer, could not appear to the Committee; the Sheriffs for this Year being not yet opposed upon their Accounts.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevor Chairman of the Taming Committee, Sir Trevor Williams Knight of the Shire Magistrate* for the County of Monmouth, Sir and °ut ofth*

Sir Ralph Delavall Knights of the Shire for the County 4Mwn,w,fl% of Northumberland, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Thomas Clargis, and Colonel Birch, or any Three or more of them, do attend the Lord Chancellor; and desire to know of his Lordship, by what Means, or upon whose Motion, Mr.

Henry Probart and Mr. John Arnold are turned out of

the Commission of the Peace for the County of Monmouth: And do likewise acquaint his Lordship with the Information the House has received concerning Mr.

Henry Milbumeand Mr. Fenwick.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Committee Reasons to be offered at a Conference, to be had with the 011 hanger Lords concerning the Danger the Nation is in by the from PoIW* Growth of Popery; and for providing Remedies to prevent the same, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow, at Tw’o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And that the said Committee have Power to consider what Prosecution is fit to be made against the Persons mentioned in the Report this Day; and to examine all Matters concerning the Growth of Popery; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House, §c.

And that Sir Rich. Corbet, Sir Rich. Franklin, Mr.

Clerke, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Gray, Lord Castleton, Sir Jonathan Trelawny, Sir William , Sir

Wentworth, Serj. Sets, Mr. Garraway, Sir Wm. Blackct,

Mr. Herbert, Sir Ed. Harley, Mr. Man, Sir land, Mr. Wright, Sir John Hotham, Mr. St. John, Sir Nich. Carey, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Collingwood, Sir Wm. Hickman, and all that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Monmouth, be added to the said Committee: And all that come are to have Voices.

Sir John Trevor further reports from the Committee Reason* t» appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Confe- °?:red a* rence to be had with the Lords, concerning the Danger the Danger Nation is in by the Growth of Popery; and for providing from Popery, of Remedies to prevent the same; several Reasons agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in abthe Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read by the Clerk: And all the Reasons*

19 except

?ie

except the last, being read a Second time, were, upon the 'Question, severally agreed.

The last of the said Reasons being read a Second time;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in the said Reason;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

}for the Ye"’i39-

Tellers, John Hmmer, } for the Nocs> *9'

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Which Reasons are as followeth;

Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, concerning the Danger the Nation is in by the Growth of Popery.

THE House of Commons, taking into serious Consideration the Dangers arising to this Kingdom, from the restless Endeavours of Priests and Jesuits, and other Popish Recusants, to subvert the true Religion planted amongst us, and to reduce us again under the Bondage of the Romish Superstition and Idolatry: And finding how great Boldness they have assumed to themselves from the great Remissness and Connivency of his Majesty's Officers and Ministers of Justice, both Civil and Ecclesiastical; whereby so many good and necessary Laws heretof ore made against them, have not of late Times been put in any effectual Execution: They do therefore think it requisite to apply some Remedy to this growing Evil, especially at this Time, wherein the Unity of Affections, and the mutual Confidence, between his Majesty and his People does so much conduce to the Preservation of the whole Kingdom: And because they have found by Experience, that all those Applications they have formerly made upon this Subject have not produced any Effects answerable to their Expectations; they have endeavoured to discover the Causes and Grounds thereof; which they conceive are principally these.

The Difficulty to convict Popish Priests, by proving their Ordination by Authority derived from the See of Rome, makes them more confident to appear in Publick, and perform their Offices and Functions without Fear of Punishment.

That Justices of Peace are discouraged, because several of those that have been forward in executing the Laws against Papists, in such Counties where they do most abound, have been turned out of Commission, without any apparent Cause; whilst others, suspected to be Popishly inclined, have been continued in Commission, or put in dc novo.

That, in several Counties, many Protestant Dissenters have been indicted, under the Notion of Popish Recusants; and the Penalties of the Law levied upon such Protestant Dissenters; when the Papists there have been either totally, or for the most part, discharged.

That the Papists do evade the Penalties of the Law, by making over their Estates by secret Trusts, and fraudulent Conveyances; and receive the Profits of them to their own Use and Benefit.

Whereas in former Times considerable Sums of Money were raised by the Forfeitures of Popish Recusants, That now, by the Remissness of some, and Discouragement of others of his Majesty’s Officers and Ministers of Justice, little or nothing is levied upon them, or likely to be levied hereafter, unless the Care thereof be committed to particular Commissioners in the several Counties; and the Money arising the nce applied to some publick Use, for the Advancement of the Protestant Religion; which may encourage Persons to see it executed.

That Persons are not discouraged to breed up their Children, or to suffer them to be bred up in the Popish Religion; because they are as capable of inheriting the Estates of their Parents and Relations, as any other of his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects.

The Commons do therefore most earnestly desire your Lordships to consider of the Dangers and sad Consequen-Vol. IX.

ces that may befal this Kingdom, by the Spreading of that Religion amongst us; and seriously and cordially to join with them, in removing these and all other Impediments which obstruct the Course of Justice, and the due Execution of the Laws, either by expediting those Remedies which have been offered by them to your Lordships, or by proposing such other as may be more effectual: And that this may be done with all Expedition; because the Commons cannot think it suitable to their Trust, to consent to lay any further Charge upon the People, how urgent soever the Occasions be that require it, till their Minds be satisfied that all Care and Diligence is used to secure the Kingdom, and prevent tire Dangers that may arise from the Prevalency and Countenance that is given to That Party, by some more effectual Course than hath been already provided.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Trevor do go up to the Conference Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships, con- desired-ceming the Danger the Nation is in by the Growth of Popery; and for providing Remedies to prevent the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 30* die Aprilis, 1678.

COMPLAINT being made of a Breach of Pri- Privilege vilege committed against Sir Lancelot Lake, a Member of this House, by one Thomas and his

Son, by putting in of Cattle, and entering upon the Lands of Sir Lancelot Lake;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege com- Ditto mitted against John Churchill Esquire, a Member of this House, by one Jacob Sansom, in causing Edu ard Brann, menial Servant and Shepherd, to be arrested at the said Sansom sSuit, by one Edward Macham a Bailiff, who was employed by one Roger ClaveU an Attorney.

Ordered,!hat the said Jacob Sansom, Edward Macham, and Roger Clavel, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant

at Arms attending this House, for their Breach of Privi lege, in arresting and molesting Edward Brann the Shepherd and menial Servant of John Churchill Esquire, a Member of this House.

Upon

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That Leagues and the Persons appointed to attend his Majesty had accord- Treaties, ihgly waited upon him: And that his Majesty was pleased to give Leave, that the Particulars hereafter Should be communicated to the House; viz.

1. The Offensive and Defensive Treaty.

2. Secret Article concerning Friburgh.

3. Secret Article concerning Loraine.

4. Declaratory Article as to all Places of the Empire taken.

5. Declaratory Article as to Limboug, Binch, &c.

6. Dutch Pow ers to conclude the Defensive Treaty.

The Secret Articles.

The States Power to the Ambassador to conclude it.

Resolved, &c. That the Debate touching the Leagues and Treaties be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Members of this House that are of Proposals of his Majesty’s Privy Council do attend his Majesty, and Peace, humbly desire of his Majesty, that the original Proposals of Peace, Dispatch, and Instructions sent over into France by the Lord Fevcrsham, and the Answer of the French King, may be communicated to the House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Call of the Tomorrow Sevennight. House.

Privilege.

St. Asaph’s Cathedral.

Restoring Lord Aucilcy, &6.

Mr. TVi-dtMiix’ Petition.

Proposals of Peace.

Committee to abstract Leagues, &c.

471

1

Upon Complaint made of a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir James Smith, a Member of this House, by one DaniellHaixcy a Gauger or Officer of Excise;

by breaking open, and entering into the House of the said Sir James Smith, at Banstead in the County of Surry,

under pretence of some Authority he had from the Farmers or Commissioners of Excise, to search for Drink concealed in the said Sir James Smith's House; when there was no such Drink lying the rein, but Two small Vessels, brewed by the Appointment and for the Use of himself and his Family, containing about half a Barrel; notwithstanding the said Haney was offered to have the Keys of the said House sent for, and the Doors opened for him to make Search;

Ordered, That the said Dauiell Harvey be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of Privilege committed against the said Sir

O O

James Smith, a Member of this House, in breaking open and entering into the House of the said Sir James Smith, as above-said.

Mr. Croxcch reports from the Committee to whom the Bill sent from the Fords, intituled, An Act for appropriating the Rectories of L/anin Mod in

the Counties of Denbigh and Mountgomery;and of S/ccving in the County of Flifor the Repairs of the Cathedral Church of St. Aand for the better Maintenance of the Choir there; and also for the Uniting several Rectories sine earn;and the Vicarages of the same Parishes within the Diocese of Asaph aforesaid, That the Committee had perused and considered of the said Bill; and returned the same without Amendment.

And the said Bill being read a Third time;

Resolved, ike. That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

Sir John Mailed reports from the Committee to w hom the Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for restoring the Honour of Baron Ile/y, to

Lord Autl/ey, and others herein mentioned; and also for restoring them in Blood; several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: ’Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same, being twice read, were upon the Question, agreed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert IToIt do put in his Answ er to the Petition of Mr. Pridca u.vby next.

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That the Persons appointed to attend his Majesty had w aited upon him: And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, That the Proposals sent by the Lord Fcversham, were the same, verbatim, contained in the Treaties offensive and defensive, already delivered in: That the Answer of the French King was verbal: That he did not think them reasonable; and that, if he Should accept. ., he knew not how to answer it to his People.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the Lord Chancellor's Speech.

And the said Speech, and Part of the League offensive and defensive, being read;

Resolved, kc. That a Committee be appointed, to prepare and present to the House, on Thursday next, an Abstract of the Matters contained in the Leagues and other Writings, delivered unto this House by Mr. Secretary Williamson.

And it is referred to Mr. Pon te, Sir Coventry, Mr.

Secretary Williamson, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Walter, Sir 67/.

Wheeler, Colonel Birch, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir John Cotton, Sir Tho. Lee,

Sir Genas Flues, Lord O Brien, Mr. Sir John

Brains!on, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Ch. Cotterell, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Thyn, Mr. Hamden, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Parmer, Sir John Talbot, Sir Jonath. Trelazvney, Mr. Serjeant Rigby,

Sir Rob. Carr, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Tho. Metres, Mr. Finch, Sir John Trevor, Sir Hen.Mr.

30° Aprilis. — 20 Mail.

A. 1678.

Treaties anil Proposals.

Mr. Manell, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Pepis, Sir Nicholas,

Mr. Crouch, Sir Nieh.Carey, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Ph. Warwick, Sir Ph. Munckton, Sir Cyril Sir Ric. Graham, Lord An cram, Sir John Knight, Mr. Garrau-ay,

Mr. May, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr. Spry, Sir Holies, Sir Ric. Wiseman, Sir Hen. Puckering, Sir Rich.

Mr. Herbert, Sir Ch. Harbord, Sir A nth. Irby, Mr.

Lord Cavendish, Sir Ph. Harecourt, Mr. Gray, Sir Geo.

Fletcher, Sir Jo. Birkenhead, or any Live of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, kc. That the Members of this House, that are of his Majesty's Privy Council, do attend his Majesty; and humbly desire of his Majesty, that the Treaty or Proposals for ascertaining or concerting the Proportions of Ships and Men, to be provided by England and the States General, with the Answers thereunto; and also the Instrument or Dispatch in Writing, sent into France by the Earl of Fand the Answer of the French King the reunto; may be produced to the Committee; to the end they may prepare Abstracts thereof, to be presented to this House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday the Second Day of May, Eight of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis, 2° die Maii, 16?8.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Trevor Esquire, T. William*’

to make a Jointure to a Second Wife, was read the Jointure-Third time.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to supply an Omission in the Settlement of the Estate of Sir Trevor Williams Baronet, made " upon the Marriage of his eldest Son; and to enable his eldest Son to make a Jointure to a Second Wife.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege Privileje. committed against Mr. Mainard,a Member of this I louse, by one John Wilkinson, servant to the Duke of Buckingham, and a servant wearing the Livery of the Earl of Mu/grave;in assaulting and beating him and

his Servant;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling divers Manors, Farms, and Lands in the County of Hertford, now in the Possession of Francis Shalleross Esquire; and for making Provision for younger Children and Payment of Debts; was read the Third time.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

The House being informed, That Mr. John Gardner, Solicitor in the Cause concerning Lyndscy Level, was this Day arrested, as he w as coming to attend on the House;

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. John Gardner: And that he he discharged from his Arrest.

Mr. Pou'le reports from the Committee appointed to prepare and present to the House, an Abstract out of the J.eagues and other Writings delivered in by Mr. Secretary Williamson, That the Committee had received a Translation of them; and had compared the same; and had made an Abstract thereout; which he was ordered by the Committee to report to the House: And that the Committee had likewise received an Answer from his Majesty by Mr. Secretary Williamson, touching the Proposaband Instructions sent by the Earl of: And as to the

Proposals for ascertaining the Proportions of Ships and Men.

to

Shallcro;*’

Estate.

Privilege of a Solicitor.

Abstract of Leagues, cStc.

1

Vr.

'..L\ i

H-'

330 Gar. II. *! ^wV. - N

to be provided by England and the States General: Which Answer was by Word oLMouth: But the Committee had put the same down in Writing; and ordered hkn to repprt it to the House: Which Abstracts, ai;d Answer of the King he read in his Race; and afterward delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where thp same were read; and are as followeth:

Article I. The League Offensive and Defensive contains, That the King of England, and the States of, the United Provinces, shall use their utmost Force and Power to bring the Two neighbouring Crowns to make Peace upon these Terms; viz.

That Charleroy, Aeth, Oudcnard, Court ray, Thurnay, Condc, Valenciennes, and St. Gillian, and all other Towns taken after St. Gillian, be restored to the King of Spain; as also whatever the French possess in Sicily.

That the French Comte remain to France.

As to France and Holland, That all in Europe be restored on each Side.

As to the Emperor, and the Empire, That all stand and remain upon the present Foot.

As to the Duke of Lorraine, the Dukedom of Lorraine be restored.

As to Sweden, That a Truce be in all those Parts, till the particular Conditions of a Peace can be agreed on.

II. That the King of England Should use his utmost Offices and Endeavour, to procure the King of France to oblige himself by Treaty to the King of England, to accept the said Peace, if Spain can be brought to consent to it.

III. That he shall likewise endeavour to procure the King of France to consent to a Cessation of Arms for Three Monti is.

IV. That the King of England shall engage himself actually to oblige the King of Spain to accept the said Peace.

V. That if the King of England shall not prevail with the Kin;' of Sjujin to accept ot tin; said Peace within the said Three Months Cessation, lie shall undertake to oblige the King of Spain, by more effectual Means, to accept the said Peace; so as the King of shall make no

iarll.tr Progress in the Netherlands-, nor receive any Town, though it would willingly surrender.

VI. That the Stales General shall be bound to stand to such Treaties as tire King of England shall make with the King of France for this Purpose.

VII. That the King of England and the States General shall use their utmost Instances and Endeavours to the King of Spain, to bring him to consent to the said Peace.

VIII. In case the King of France shall finally refuse to agree to the said Peace, the King of England and the States shall immediately unite their utmost Force and Strength to oblige him to accept it; according to such Counsels and Means as shall be mutually agreed on.

IX. I11 case the King of Spain shall not agree to the said Peace, that the King of Etiglandand the States shall immediately unite their utmost Force and Strength to oblige him to accept it; according to such Counsels and Means as shall be mutually agreed on.

X. The Peace being made, That the King of England and the States shall be Guarantees for preserving it; as also all other Princes, who shall be willing to come in.

XI. In case this friendly Overture be taken in ill Part, and any War be made, upon that Account, upon t he King of England, or the States, they shall mutually assist each other.

XII. These Articles to be ratified by each Side, within a Month after their signing.

Dated at the Hague -i- January, 1671: Ratified by the States the'2d of March, 1678, Stilo novo.

I. Separate Article.

That the Bailiwicks, Chaselries, Territories, Governments and Prevosts, together, with their Appurtenancies, Dependencies, and Annexations, shall follow the Towns that are to be restored to the King of Spain; as also, That the Duchy of Limbourgh, and, Town of with

Vo 1.. IX.

their Annexations and Dependencies, are intended to be Abstract of restored to the said King. ! Leaguos.

II. That the Duchy of Loraine shall be restored to the

Duke, in the same Condition as it now is, as to the Fortifications, or at least in the same Condition as it was at the time of the Seizure: And as to Sweden, That the Towns which the King of Francepossesses 111 or

any Thing else, that can reasonably be proposed but of the Spanish Netherlands, remain in His Hands, byway of Caution and Appignoration, until the Conditions of Peace for Sxeeden can be agreed on and adjusted.

IIP That all such Towns and Places, as belong to the Fyinperor, the Empire, and the Princes of the Empire; which have been taken by the King of France, during this War, shall be restored.

IV. That Fribourg, and those Places, which since the Taking, thereof have been possessed in Brisgow by the King of France, shall be restored to the Emperor.

These four separate Articles were signed at the Hague the 4v January, and ratified by the States the Second of March, 1678, St ilo novo.

There are likewise the Powers granted by the States to their Commissioners, to conclude a League with the King of England, for bringing the Two Crowns to a Peace upon reasonable Terms, dated the Twenty-sixth of January, 1678, Stilo novo.

There are likewise the Powers granted by the States to Van Bomingham, their Ambassador here, to conclude a League of Defence with the King of England, dated First JHareh, 1678, Stilo novo.

The League of Perpetual Defence contains:

Article I. That there shall be a firm and perpetual Friendship and good Correspondency between the King of England and the States of the United Provinces, as well by Sea as Land, in all Places, as well out of, as in Europe.

II. That there shall be a strict Alliance and faithful Confederation between the said King and States, for the mutual Preservation and Maintenance of each other in Tranquillity, Peace, Friendship and Neutrality, by Sea and Land, in the Possession of all their Rights, Franchises, and Liberties, within the Extent of Europe only.

III. That they shall guarant to each other all the Treaties already made, by either of them, with other Princes and States: Which Treaties shall be mutually exhibited before the Exchange of the Ratifications; as also such as shall he made hereafter by common Consent; and defend each other in the Possession of all such Places in Europe as shall belong to them by virtue of the said Treaties against all Parties whatsoever.

IV. The said reciprocal Obligation of assisting and defending each other, to be understood, of their preserving each other Countries and Subjects in all their Rights, Possessions, Immunities, and Liberties, as well relating to Navigation and Commerce, as others whatsoever, as well by Sea as by Land, which they now enjoy, or shall hereafter require, against all Princes and States . shall attack or molest them.

V. In case such Attack shall be follow ed by open Rupture upon one of the Allies, the other shall, w ithin Two Months after Demand, enter into the War; and in the mean time, shall endeavour a reasonable Accommodation between the Parties so engaged; and shall also give his Ally such powerful Succours as shall be agreed on by separate Articles; yet to be in the Choice of the Ally so attacked, at the end of the said Two Months, either to have the said Succours continued, or to have the other enter into the War.

VI. In case the States be so attacked, the King of England shall be obliged to break with the Aggressor in the said Manner; and to employ all his, Power and Forces, by Sea and Land, to join with those of the States, when it shall be found convenient to reduce the common Enemy to a reasonable Accommodation.

VII. In that case the Forces of the King of England and the States shall act jointly and separately; and either

6 D by

1

1

I!

A. 1678.

474 2" — 30

by way of Diversion or otherwise, according as shall be then particularly concerted between them.

VIII. The States to do the like to what is contained

in the Two preceding Articles to the King of ,in

case he be attacked.

IX. In case of open War, neither of the Two Allies to agree to any Suspension of Arms, but by common Consent.

X. No Treaty of Peace or Truce to be begun by one of the Allies, without the Participation of the other; and procuring Security for sending his Ministers to the Place of Treaty; nor no Peace or Treaty to be concluded, without comprehending his Ally, and causing him to be restored to what he held before the War; and also making as good Conditions for his Ally as for himself, unless it be otherwise agreed between the Allies themselves.

XI. The Ally attacked to have Liberty to raise Land Soldiers in the Estates of the other Ally, according to such Capitulations as shall be agreed on.

XII. The Ratifications of this Treaty to be made, and mutually exchanged, within a Month after the Signing.

Dated, at Westminster, Third March, 167}; and

ratified by the States the Seventh of 1678, Stilo novo.

The separate Articles.

I. Article. The mutual Succours mentioned in the Fifth Article to be in this Manner; videlicet, The King of England to assist the States with Ten thousand Foot; and the States to assist the King with Six thousand Foot; and also with Twenty Men of War, at the Expence of the Party that shall send the Succours.

II. When Necessity shall require, the Succours to be augmented, accordingly as the said Parties shall agree.

III. These Succours to be intirely subject to the Orders and Commands of the Party to whom they are sent, to be made use of as he shall think fit.

Dated, at f Test minster, Third March, 167J; and

ratified the Seventh of April, 1678, Stilo novo.

There are likew ise the Powers granted by the States to their Commissioners, to conclude a League with the King of England, for bringing the Two Crowns to a Peace, upon reasonable Terms; dated the Twenty-sixth of January, 1678, Stilo novo.

There are likewise the Powers granted by the States to Van Benningham, their Ambassador here, to conclude

a League of Defence with the King of England; dated First March, 1678, Stilo novo.

His Majesty’s Answer.

AS for the Treaty or Proposals for ascertaining or concerting the Proportions of the Ships and Men, to be provided by England and the States General of the United Provinces, with the Answers thereunto, His Majesty doth not think fit, that Papers of that Sort Should be produced in Publick; and that the House has already before them all that can possibly serve to give them Light in the Matters before them.

As to the Instructions, or Dispatch, in Writing sent into France by the Earl of iFand the French King’s Answ er thereunto; His Majesty hath already, by the Secretary, acquainted the House, That the Proposals sent by the Earl of Feversham, were the same with those in the offensive Treaty.

That his Instructions are, singly, to make Offer of the said Conditions to the French King; and to return his Answer, Yea or No; That the Answer was, That he could not accept of them, as wras reported by the Secretary to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Matt.

Veneris, 3* die Maii, 1678.

ORDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Thompson’s, Bill concerning Thompson, Nelthrop, and others, &c- Estale*' Bankrupts, was committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Vale Naw-making navigable the River Vale is committed, be re- 8ation' vived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting the Rectory of Westerham Gresham’* in the County of Kent in Trustees, to be sold for Pay- E*tate> ment of the Debts of Edward Gresham Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Rectory of Westerham in the County of Kent in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Eduard Gresham Esquire.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Restoring Act for restoring the Honour of Baron of Lord Aiidley,

to James Lord, Audley and others therein mentioned; &c* and also for restoring them in Blood; with the Amendments thereto; was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for restoring the Honour of Baron Audley of Hely to James Lord Audley, and others therein mentioned; the Words " and also for restoring them in Blood" being omitted; for that, by the Amendments that Part of the Bill is to be left out.

Ordered, That the Lord Gorge do carry up the Bill on Bills sentt* the Behalf of the Lord Audley, with the Amendments, to the Lords for their Concurrence: And do acquaint their Lordships, That this House has agreed to the Bill for Uniting of several Rectories sine cura, to the Vicarages within the Diocese of St. Asaph, without Amendment; as also to the Bill on the Behalf of Francis Shalcross Esquire: And do carry up the Bill on the Behalf of Mr.

Gresham; as also the Bill on the Behalf of Sir Trevor Williams, for their Lordships Concurrence: And do likewise put the Lords in mind of the Bill, sent from this House, intituled, An Act for suppressing the Growth of Popery.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands, for Payment Smith’* of the Debts of Sir Thomas Smith Baronet, deceased^ was read the Third time.

A Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do lie upon the Table: And that the Debate be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That no private Business be proceeded in privau after Ten of the Clock. Business.

Ordered, That the Clerk attending this House do de- Bills depend-liver in a List of the publick Bills depending before the ir.g. House; and also, of those that have been sent up to the Lords this Session.

The House then took up the Debate concerning the Debate oa Leagues made with the States General of the United Leagues, &c. Provinces.

Exceptions being taken at some Words, which fell from Exception*t» Mr. Goreing in this Debate; and the Words being written a Member’s

down by the Clerk; and the same being as followeth; viz. "ords‘

" I have heard many Gentlemen on this Side of the House make many Complaints against the Ministers of State for Mismanagement: I desire they will first give a Test, that they do not desire to creep into their Places; or that they may give Security, that they will act better, if they come into their Places. For my Part, I see no 111 these have done."

And Mr: Goreing standing up in his Place; and explaining himself, as followeth, viz.

I have

30 Car. II.

3" — 40 Mail

475

H Gre»N

Lord A; , 4c.

) Mi 5 j L©

r

r

Lift

! PSi

Bsii EJjtJj

Debc5

Ltip

3.

Vat

I have heard many Complaints on that Side of the Sir Phil. Sir John Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir

House against Ministers of State for Mismanagement; John Moreton, Mr. Sir Copleston

and I intended no particular Reflection; and I am very Sir Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Ch.

sorry if I have offended; and desire the Pardon of the Mr. Palmer, Serj. Gregory, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Wharton, House; Mr. Harbord, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Mr. Guy,

And Mr. Goreing being withdrawn; Sir Edw. Deering, Sir Rich. Mr. May, Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Goreing be called to his Place; and Waller, Windham, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Gray,

do receive an Admonition from Mr. Speaker. Mr. Clerke, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Trevor, Sir Gilbert

And Mr. Gorting being come to his Place, Mr. Speaker, Talbot, Sir Cotton, 'Six Hob. Carr,

Debate on Leagues.

Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Col. Gilby, Sir Ste-

phen For, Sir John Mallet, Serj. Rigby, Serj. Col. Birch, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Robert Southwell, Mr. Pro-gers, Sir Apsley, Mr. Vane, Mr. Prideaux, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Coventry, Mr. Mr.

Ordered, That the Debate concerning the Leagues be Sir John Talbot, Sir And they are to

acquaints him, That the House had considered of his "Words, and of his Explanation and Submission; and were satisfied; but injoined him not to use any such reflective Expressions for the future.

Highways.

Duchy of Cornewall.

Banks*

Estate.

adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 4° die , 1678.

f\RDERED, That Leave be given to Sir Lancelot Lake to bring in a Bill to repeal a Clause in the Act concerning Highways.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to let Leases of his Duchy Lands of Cornewall, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of Sir Ralph Banks to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, . . , That the Committee had perused and considered of the Bill; and heard all Parties concerned therein; and had returned the Bill without any Amendment.

And the said Bill was read a Third time.

A Petition, formerly exhibited to the House in the Name of John Banks Esquire, an Infant, Son and Heir

to the said Sir Ralph Banks, was read.

A Petition of the said Mr. Banks, disclaiming and disowning the former Petition, was presented to the House.

And the House being informed, That there was one Air. Ettrick at the Door, who saw Mr. Banks sign the said Petition;

summon and hear all Parties concerned therein; and particularly the Persons that are to be assessed by the said Bill: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin Bills sent and Sir Edward Low; from Lonls*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, that they have agreed to the Bill for Discharge of Persons in Prison before the Second Day of February 1677, with some Amendments and Additions; to which the Concurrence of this House is desired by their Lordships: Also the Lords have agreed to the Bill for Burying in Woolen, with some Amendments and Additions; to which the Concurrence of this House is desired by their Lordships: Also, That the Lords have agreed to the Bill, for enabling Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of John Herring Esquire, deceased, without any Amendments: Also the Ixnds have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill for restoring of Baron Audleyof Hely, and others therein mentioned.

The House then proceeded upon the Debate concern- l eague witU ing the Leagues made with the States General of the llolla"d-United Provinces.

The Question being propounded, That the League Offensive and Defensive with the States General of the United Provinces, with the Articles relating the reunto, are not pursuant to the Addresses of this House; nor con-

And Mr. Ettrick being called in to the Bar; and at- sistent with the Good and Safety of this Kingdom;

testing to the House, That he saw Mr. Banks sign the said Petition.

And Mr. Ettrick being withdrawn;

The said Petition was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee, to whom the Bill was committed, to consider of the said Petitions; and examine Which is the right Petition; and how the same were obtained; and report it to the House: And the said Committee is to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed; and Mr. Windham is added to the said Committee.

Committee of Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Privilege*. Elections and Privileges do make his Reports on Monday next, Ten of the Clock.

Southwarke Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a Court of Con-Court of science in Southwarke, be read on W next.

Conscience.

Counsel to be Ordered, That the Knight Marshal be heard by his heard. Council at the Bar of this House, touching the Bill for erecting Courts of Conscience, on Monday next, come Sevennight.

150.

16G.

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

} for the Noes,

Tellers -P*1 EliabHarvey, 1 f y

ieiieis,|Col Bjrch j> 101 tnc leas,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the League Offensive and Defen- Resolution sive with the States General of the United Provinces, against it. with the Articles relating the reunto, are not pursuant to the Addresses of this House; nor consistent with the Good and Safety of the Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned for a Quarter of an Hour.

Church.

St. Martin’s A Bill for erecting a new Church in the Parish of ^nLthe Field* St. Martin's in the Fields, and making it Parochial, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debates of the House, to Sir Tho. Air. Crouch,

Sir Court Poole, Sir Cyrill Wych, Sir John Birkenhead, Vol. IX.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being set again; Resolution of

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this House, Advice re-That His Majesty be humbly advised, and desired forth-with to enter into the present Alliances and Confederations with the Emperor and the King of and the

States General of the United Provinces, for the vigorous carrying on of the present War against the French King, and for the Good and Safety of his Majesty’s Kingdoms; and particularly, That effectual Endeavours be used for continuing the States General in the present Confederation; and that it be agreed by all the Parties confederate,

ta

476

4* — 6° Mail

A\ 1678.

to prohibit all Trade between their Subjects and Countries, and France, and all other the Dominions of the French King: And that no Commodities of France, or any of the Dominions of the French King, be imported into their Countries, from any Place whatsoever: And, also, that all Endeavours be used to invite all other Princes and States into the said Confederation: And that no Truce or Peace be made or agreed to with the French King, by his Majesty, or any of the Confederates, without general Consent hist had therein.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do present the Two Votes to his Majesty; and beg his Majesty’s Excuse, that they are not presented to his Majesty in the usual Form, by reason of the Importance of the Affair, and the Exigency of Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lima, & die Mail, 16?8.

Prayers.

HP H E House being met, and Sir Robert the

r. peaker. J[ present Speaker, being indisposed in his Health; and having last Night sent a Letter to the Clerk of the I louse to be communicated to the House: Which Letter, being read by the Clerk of the House, is as followeth; rE.

Mr. Goldcsbroughf

MY long Sitting the Two last Days, especially Yesterday, Jmth so disabled me to attend my Service in the Chair of the honourable House of Commons, that I cannot longer attend it, without apparent Hazard of shortening my Life. I find myself already under great Pain, and reduced to great Weakness of Body; from whence

I apprehend severe Fits of the Stone. I have endeavoured this Day, by Physick, to prevent them, to the end I might be able to come to the House Tomorrow; but my Pain and Weakness rather increase upon me this Evening: So that there will be a Necessity for me to enter into a , Course of Physick; and I know it w ill be some Time before I can possibly be restored to a competent Measure of Strength to attend that Serv ice. No Person Should be readier to serve the House than myself, would the Constitution of my Body give me Leave: But it is too apparent it will not; and therefore I do humbly beg of the honourable Members of that House, that they would not only excuse me for my Non Attendance Tomorrow*, but discharge me from that Duty they have commanded me to; and that they would please to pitch upon some Person in my room, more tit for that Employment. I do assure you, that in case it Should please God in a few Days to restore me to Strength enough to return to that Chair; yet I am assured that, without an extraordinary Providence, I Should in a few Days after impair it by that Service. Pray present my humble Service, with this my humble and hearty Excuse, to the honourable Members of the House of Commons; and you will oblige,

Lincoln's Inn Field*. Your 1 2'Vicnd a,ld Servant,

May 5, 78. Robert Sawyer.

After the Reading of which Letter, Mr. Secretary Williamson did also acquaint the House, That His Majesty had also received Intimation from Sir Robert Sawyer, the present Speaker, to the same Effect, with his Letter to the House, of his present Indisposition and Disability to attend the Chair: And to the end the publick Affairs may receive no Delay, His Majesty did give Leave to the Mr. Seymour House to chuse another Speaker. And it having pleased chosen God to restore Mr. Edward Seymour, the former Speaker, Speaker. i,js Health again; and he being present in the House;

Mr: Secretary Williamson did thereupon propose him to the House, as the fittest Person, both for his Ability, and long Experience for that Service: Of which the House was so sensible and satisfied, that Mr. Edward Seymour was unanimously called upon to the Chair: And being

2

conducted thither by Mr. Secretary Williamson, and Sir Robert Carr, Chancellor of the Duchy; and, after some'

Pause, made a gratulatory Speech to the House, for their Favour and Respect to him; and that, if His Majesty Should think fit to approve of their Choice, he would return to their Service, and discharge it with the best of his Ability and Integrity.

A Message was delivered from his Majesty, by Sir Mr. Speaker Edward Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod; approved bj

Gentlemen of the House of Commons, the King.

The King commands this honourable House'to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker Elect, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And his Majesty having approved and allow ed of Mr.

Speaker; the House, with Mr. Speaker, returned; the Mace being carried before him.

And Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair;

Mr. Secretary 7/7 Iliamsonacquaints the House, That Answer to the Persons, appointed to attend his Majesty with the Voterespec-Votes of this House, on Saturday lust, did Yesterday t,nS Alh-Morning wait upon his Majesty, and presented the said auce*' Votes to his Majesty; and did desire his Majesty's Ex-. cuse, that they were not presented to Him in the usual Form: And that his Majesty's Answer w as, That He would consider of it, and return an Answer: And that he had accordingly received an Answer from his Majesty, this Morning, in Whiting, under His own Hand: W hich he delivered in to Mr. Speaker: And the same was by Mr.

Speaker read to the House; and is as followeth, r

IIIS Majesty having been acquainted with the Votes of tins House, of the Fourth Instant, was very much surprised, both with the Matter and Form of them: 1 Jut if His Majesty bad had Exception to neither, yet His Majesty, having asked the Advice ot Loth Houses, does not think fit to give any Answer to any tiling ol that Nature, till lie hath a concurrent Advice irom both Flouses. Given at the Court at iVhiuhall, the Sixth Day of May, 1O78.

Sir 77/0. Meers reports from the Committee of Privi- Privilcgt. leges and Elections, to whom the Matter of the Complaint of Breach of Privilege committed against Mr.

Joseph Mainard, a Member of this House, was referred to examine, That the Committee had taken the same into Consideration; and had ordered him to make this Report:

That one John So cl ion says, A Footman of my Lord Mulgrirces having his Livery on, justled Air. Mainard, as lie was going along; and Two or Three of them fell upon Mr. Maynard's Servant, he coming to assist his Master: And he saw Mr. Mainard himself down on the Ground; and one of the Footmen held him by the Hair, whose Hand the Examinant loosened out of his Hair:

And says, One John IVtikinson, formerly Servant to the Duke of Buckingham, beat Mr. Mainard, whilst the other held him by the Hair.

Mr. Gray and Mr. Broxholme sav, That my Lord Mulgrave told them, That he had discharged his Servants from his Service, and did no longer own them as his Servants.

Lord Castleton says, That my Lord Duke of Buckingham told him, that Wilkinson was none of his Servant, he having discharged him before.

The House having taken the said Report into Consideration;

Ordered, That John JVilkinson be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of Privilege, committed against Mr. Joseph Mainard, a Member of this House, in assaulting and beating him and

his

8.

Mr

iie

for

K

4

of

>ir vr. id

r.

Ao7

.e V,;

V

d

al

(j

is

|0

r.

5

1

Pr/

30 Car. II.

6* — 7* Mail

Jtadnor

Election.

Westbury -Election.

Lindsey

Level.

Banks’

Estate.

his Servant: And that the other Persons likewise be sent for in Custody, so soon as their Names can be known.

Sir Thomas Meeresreports from the Committee of

Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the County of Radnor, That Mr. by his Let-

ters and Friends, desired his Petition and Claim might be dismissed: That Sir Thomas Littleton, at the Desire of Mr. Samut 'll Powell, withdrew the said Mr. Samutll Powell's Petition, by the Permission and Consent of the Committee: And that the Committee came to this Resolution thereupon:

Resolved, That the Petition and Claim of Mr. Samutll Powell, to be elected for the County of Radnor, and the whole Cause and Question of Return and Election, be totally dismissed.

And that the said Committee were of Opinion, that Richard Williams Esquire be reported well elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Knight of the Shire for the County of Radnor.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Petition and Claim of Mr. Samuell

Powell, to be elected for the County of Radnor, and the whole Cause and Question of Return and Election, be totally dismissed: And that Richard Williams Esquire is well elected to serve in this present Parliament as Knight of the Shire for the County of Radnor.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That the Committee had taken the Matter of the Return for Wes into their Examination; and that, upon Perusal of the Return, and Consideration thereof, the Committee did come to a Resolution thereupon: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That the present Return of Henry Bertie Esquire, as Burgess for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Wilts, is a good Return.

The House being informed, That the said Return was procured by the Practices, and the Threats and Menaces, of one Air. Christian, to the Under Sheriff' of the County of Wilts-, and that the same was not examined at the Committee;

And a Motion being made, That the same may be heard at the Bar of the House;

Resolved, &c. That the further Examination of the Matter, concerning the Return for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Wilts, be heard at the Bar of this House, on this Day Sevennight: And that the High Sheriff' and Under Sheriff’ for the said County of Wilts, and the Mayor of the Borough of Westbury, and Mr. Edward Christian, do then attend the House: And that the Clerk of the Crown do then likewise attend, with the Return.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, V die Maii, 1678.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Cause concerning Lindsey Level be heard on this Day Sevennight, by Counsel at the Bar.

Mr. Weld reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to examine Which of the Petitions that were exhibited in the Name of John Banks Esquire, was the right Petition; and how the same were obtained; That the Committee met, and read the Two Petitions; and their Judgment was, That the Petition, brought into the House on Saturday last, was the true Petition of John Banks Esquire, Heir to Sir Ralph; in regard Mr. Ettrick saw him subscribe the same; and desired him to cause the same to be delivered to the House: They likew ise judge, That the other Petition was not the Petition of the said John Banks, in regard no Person gave any Proof of the same: And besides, the Hands were not the same, nor like one to the - Vol. IX.

other; and also, the Spelling of the Name of Banks was not the same.

Ordered, That Sir John Moi-eton and Mr. Weld do go to Mr. Eyres, and receive his Information, touching the Petition by him presented to the House, on the Behalf of Mr. Banks.

A Motion was made, for some Amendments to be made to the Bill to enable the Trustees of Sir Ralph Banks to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts:

And it being agreed by the House, That the Bill Should be amended in several Places, by leaving out the Name of " Samuell Gilly Esquire," and inserting the Name of " Sir William Port man Knight of the Bath, and Baronet;’* Resolved, &c. That the Bill, so amended, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Trustees of Sir Ralph Banks to sell Lands for Payment of Debts: And that Mr. Weld do carry back the Bill, with the Amendments, to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

The House then took into Consideration his Majesty’s Address for Answer to the Address, on Saturday. Answer t»

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be presented ?ne 00 4th to his Majesty, That his Majesty would graciously be pleased to give a speedy Answer to the last Address, presented to his Majesty from this House, of the Fourth of May instant.

The Question being put, That an Address be presented to his Majesty, to remove those Counsellors who advised the Answers to the Addresses of the Six-and-twentieth of May, or One-and-thirtieth of January last, or either of them;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers Boolh'

ieiieis, ^Mr. Harbord,

Address for removing Advisers of Answers.

Tellers,

JCapt. Phil.Howard,

’{Mr.

1

for the Yeas, 154;

for the Noes

139*

Windham,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That an Address be presented to his Majesty, to remove those Counsellors who advised the Answers to the Addresses of the Six-and-twentieth of May, or One-and-thirtieth of January last, or either of them.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to a Committee, to draw up an Address upon the Two last Votes; and the Debates of the House, relating the reunto:

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr. Pan ic, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Nich. Carey, Mr. Secretary //>’/-liamson, Mr. Hall, Mr. Booth, Sir Hen. Capcll, Sir Wm. Franckland, S\y John Ernly, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Serjeant Gregory, Mr. May, Mr. Buscaxcen, Mr. Illiorucod, Colonel Titus, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Mallet, Air. 7hyn, Sir Chr. Mas grave, Sir Court. Poc/e, Sir Trevor ITilliams, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir // m. Hickman, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Sachaverelt, Sir John Hot ham, Lord Cavendish, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Colonel Birch, Lord Aneram, Mr. Halm ahoy, Sir Rich. Graham, Mr. Stein fen, Sir Vr. Rolles, Sir John Werden, Air. f 11 Hi a ms, A Jr. Progers, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Herbert, Sir John ilamner. Lord Castleton, Sir Rob. Thomas; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Debate being in the House, touching an Address to be presented to his Ala jesty, to remove the Duke of Lauderdale, from his Councils and Presence;

The Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

The House divide.

Address for removing Duke oi Lauderdale.

The Yeas go forth.

for the Noes, for the Yeas,

144-

10:

rr , [Sir John Lotvther,

Tellers, ^Sir Rkh Graham,

T JLord Ancram,

leners, Dalmahoy,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That an Address be presented to his Majesty, to remove the Duke of Lauderdale from his Councils and Presence;

The House divide.

6 E The

47®

7° — 8° — ro°

A. 1678.

The Yeas go forth.

, fLord Ancram,

Tellers, I cdonel Progers, , fSir Fr. Drake,

Tellers, Vam>

92.

j- for the Noes, j- for the Yeas, 137.

Tellers,

Mr. Weld,

Mr. Spry,

Sir John Knight,

| for the Yeas, 127. for the Noes, 84.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That an Address be presented to his Majesty, to remove the Duke of Lauderdale from his Councils and Presence.

rt

Tellers, |^,r Rash ley

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spry, Sir John Knight, Sir Trevor Williams, Serjeant Street, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Harbord, Sir Sir

Jonath. Trelaxeney, Mr. Whom.rooSir

into another Address.

Privilege- — a person discharged.

Ordered, That the Committee, this Day appointed to Mr. Mr. Crouch, Mr. Hamden, Mr. May,

draw up the former Address, do draw up this Matter Mr. Sir Sir Mr.

Mr. Mr. Sir Ric. Temple,

Serj. Mr. Mountague, Sir Mr. Tanner,

Mr. Sir John Carcxc, Mr. Gray, Sir

Poole, Sir Mr. Windham, Mr. Treby, Mr.

Butler, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Hen. Ford, Colonel Birch, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and And the Committee are to take care, that

the Clause in the Bill touching the Inclosing of the Forests, Wastes, and Commons, be left out: And they

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8* die Mail, 1678.

Praters.

A PETITION of Daniell Haney, now in Custody are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege, Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Courts of Conscience.

Highways.

Committeeof

Privileges.

Committee for Addresses.

by him committed against Sir J Smith, a Member of this House, was read; whereby he acknowledges his Offence, and begs Pardon of the House.

Ordered, That the said Da Harvey be called in to the Bar of the House, and discharged, paying his Fees.

And the said Daniell Haroy being brought to the Bar, and kneeling, Mr. Speaker, after a Reprimand, acquainted him, That he was discharged, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Knight Marshal he heard by his Counsel at the Bar of the House, touching the Bills for erecting Courts of Conscience, on this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for repealing a Clause in the Act concerning the Highways, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mceres, Chairman of the Committeeof Elections and Privileges, he cailul down out of the Speaker’s Chamber, to make his Report

The Question being put, That the Committee appointed to draw up the Addresses to be presented to I.is Majesty, do continue sitting, to perfect their Report;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers, {^j. T^Bluduorth, j for the Xoes? 66>

Te"^ {iMeY- 50-

And so it passed in the Negative.

Committeeof

Privileges.

The Question being put, That the House will now proceed to hear the Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the House be adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to en- Executors able Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors Enci admi-and Administrators of Executors de son tort demesne, I,lstrators’ was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Tho. Clerges reports from the Committee to whom Address for it was referred to prepare an Address to be presented to removing tbt his Majesty to remove the Duke of Lauderdale from, his *"

Councils and Presence, An Address agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s .: Where the same was read.

The First Paragraph of the said Address being read a Second time;

The Question being put, To agree to the said Paragraph;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tp1W« lSir John Talbot,

’ \ Sir John Ilanmer,

ToIWq /sir Hen-Goodrich, tellers,|Mr. Herbert,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Second Paragraph being read a Second time;

The Question being put, That the Word " therefore" be left out of the said Paragraph;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers lMr' Tregonxecll,

’ [Mr. Hopkins,

Tellers, \ for the Noes,

’ [Sir C hr. Musgrave, J

And so it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Friday

j- for the Noes, 152. j. for the Yeas, 151.

"I for the Yeas,

J

15"

i6t.

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Committee for Addresses.

Duchy of Cornwall;

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That the Committee, appointed to draw up the Addresses to be presented to his Majesty, have Leave to sit, to perfect their Report.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to lett Leases of the Duchy of Cornxcall, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Veneris, 10’ die Maii, 1678.

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the Bill Thompson’s, concerning Thompson, Nelthrop, and others, Bank- &. c. Estates, rupts, is committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

The Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for j>urying burying in Woolen, were twice read; and all of them, woolen, upon the Question, agreed, except those which relate to the Distribution of the Forfeitures; in which the House did not agree.

Ordered, That Reasons be drawn up, to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, for not agreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments.

And it is referred to Colonel BircMr. Buscaxcen, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir John Knight, Sir Geo. Don ning, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Weal, Mr. Hamden, Colonel

19 Sir

1

I-

i fc2 C.TQ

0\

sSt

It-

47 Car. II. 10° Maiu

479

Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Pawle, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir

Tho. Clerges, Mr. Goreing, or any Three of them, to

prepare and draw up the said Reasons.

Highways. A Bill for repealing of a Clause in the Act concerning Highways, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Lan. Lake, Sir John Mallet, Sir Couxt. Poole, Mr.

Sir John Bennet, Sir HenPuckering, Mr. Hunt, Sir John

Holman, Sir Robert HoSir Robert Sir Tho.

Lee, Sir John Covert, Sir Mr.

Col. Birch, Colonel Titus, Serjeant Mr. Pleydall,

Sir Coplesl. Bampfeild, Sir Hen. Ford, Lord O Sir

Robert Barnham, Mr. Mallet, Sir Nich. Stalling, Sir Fr.

Russell, Mr. Westphaling, Sir A nth. Irby, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Browne, Mr. Goreing, Sir Trevor Williams:And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stage Ordered, That this Day Sevennight be appointed to

Coaches. take into Consideration the Debate concerning the Suppressing Stage Coaches.

Address for removing Advisers,&c.

Mr. Pozcle reports from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, An Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

And the First Paragraph being read a Second time;

The Question being put, That the House will now proceed upon the Address.

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

TpiWc /Sir Rob. Holmes,

’ \Mr. Windham,

'Mr. Harbord,

Tellers.

4

for the Noes, 174.

for the Yeas, 176.

[Mr. Bennet,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Three first Paragraphs being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Fourth Paragraph was read the Second time: The Question being put, To agree to that Paragraph; The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers, {|!r f' Hickmaj, 1 f h Y

’ FSir Sam. Bemardiston, J

Tellers, ff.r J.oh.n 1 for the Noes,

’ [Sir John Hanmer, \

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fifth Paragraph was read the Second time;

upon the Question, agreed.

The Sixth Paragraph being read a Second time;

The Question being put, To agree to that Paragraph;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers /Sir Tho' Doleman, 1 f , N

-tellers, Wm Howard,f lor the INOes’

Tellers /Mn B>dkr' for the Yeas

i tilers, ^[r Mann^ j for the eas,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The last Paragraph being read a Second time; it was, upon the Question, agreed.

170.

167.

and,

166.

169.

The Address is as followeth.

WE, Your Majesty's most humble and loyal Subjects, the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, do, in all Duty and Thankfulness, humbly acknowledge, Your Majesty’s great Grace and Favour in demanding our Advice upon the State of Your Affairs in this present Juncture, wherein Your Majesty’s Honour and the Safety of this Kingdom is so nearly concerned: According to which Command of Your Majesty’s we did immediately enter upon Consideration of what was imparted to us by Your Majesty’s Order; and after serious Examination Vol. IX.

and Weighing of the Matter, tve did resolve upon an Advice; which, because of the Urgency of Affairs, and the Expedition they require, we did present in that Form as was not usual in a Matter of so great Importance; and which we then directed to excuse to Your Majesty, upon that Consideration. And because we apprehended the Dangers were so imminent, that the Delay of the least Time might be of great Prejudice to Your Majesty’s Service, and the Safety of Your Kingdom, after so much Time already lost, we thought it necessary to apply immediately to Your Majesty by ourselves; which in Matters of this Nature is wholly in the Choice of this House, and hath been frequently practised by us. And because these Occasions are so pressing upon Your Majesty, and the whole Kingdom so deeply sensible thereof; we most earnestly beseech Your Majesty to communicate to us the Resolutions Your Majesty hath taken upon our said Advice, ‘that thereby these imminent Dangers may be timely prevented.

And whereas the Commons conceive, that the present Inconveniencies and Dangers under which the Kingdom now lies, mhiht either totally, or in a great measure, have been prevented, if Your Majesty had accepted of that Advice, which in all Humility and Faithfulness we presented to Your Majesty upon the Twenty-sixth of May last; and which we reiterated to Your Majesty upon the One-and-thirtieth of January ensuing: The Refusing of which Advice, and dismissing of the Parliament in May last, was the Occasion of those ill Consequences, which have since succeeded both at Home and Abroad; all which hath arisen from those Misrepresentations of our Proceedings, which have been suggested to Your Majesty, by some particular Persons, in a clandestine Way, without the Participation and Advice, as we conceive, of Your Council Board; as though we had invaded Your Majesty’s Prerogative of making Peace and War; whereas we did only offer our humble Advice in Matters wherein the Safety of the Kingdom was concerned: Which is a Right was never yet questioned in the Times of Your Royal Predecessors, and without which Your Majesty can never be safe: Upon which Grounds Your Majesty was induced to give us such Answers to those Two Addresses, rejecting our Advice; as thereby Your Majesty's good Subjects have been infinitely discouraged, and the State of Your Majesty’s Affairs reduced to a most deplorable Condition: We do therefore most humbly desire, That for the Good and Safety of this Kingdom, and the Satisfaction of Your Subjects,

Your Majesty would graciously be pleased to remove those Counsellors who advised the Answers to our Addresses of the Six-and-twentieth of May, and the One-and-thirtieth of January last, or either of them.

And we do further most humbly desire Your Majesty, favourably to accept this our humble Petition and Address, as proceeding from Hearts intirely devoted to Your Majesty’s Service; and that as we have never yet failed of giving Testimonies of our Affections and Loyalty to Your Majesty's Person and Government; so Your Majesty may rest confidently assured, that we shall never be wanting to support Your Majesty’s Greatness and Interest, whilst Your Majesty relies upon our Councils; which can have no other end than what sincerely tends thereunto, notwithstanding any sinister or self-interested Endeavours to make impressions in Your Majesty to the contrary.

Ordered, That those Members of this House, that are Time for re* of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do desire to know his ceiving Ad- Majesty’s Pleasure, when this House may attend his dress> &c# Majesty with the Address.

The Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

} f»r the Noes. ,58.

Tellers,} for the Yeas- ,5°-

And so it passed in the Negative.

' A Motion

VJ

uugie

480

io* — ti° — 13* — 23* Mali.

A. 1678*

Address for A Motion being made, That the Matter of the Address Duke'of Lau- ‘concerning the Duke of Lauderdale, may be added to the derdaJe! Address this Day agreed;

Resolved, That the Matter of the Address concerning the Duke of Lauderdale be added to the Address this Day agreed; in these Words following:

" And we further humbly beseech Your Majesty, That the Duke of Lauderdale may be removed from Your Councils and Presence."

pose in a Quarrel.

House inter- The House being informed, That upon a Division of the House, a Quarrel had happened between the Lord O Brim and Sir Tlio.; and that Pious were

given;

And Sir Thomas Chiehe being present; Ordered, That Sir Thomas Chiehely be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do take the Lord O Brien into Custody.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 11" die Mail, 1678.

/RDERED, That the Knight Marshal be heard by Council at the Bar of this 1 louse, on Thursday next, touching the Bill for erecting Courts of Conscience.

O O

A Debate arising in the House thereupon; Debau

The Question being proposed, That the Debate be thereon, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tdlers} fortiieNo". 173-

| fortl,eYeas-

And so it passed in the Negative.

Courts of Conscience.

Bills sent from Lords.

Ordered, That no Member do go out of Town, under Members not the Penalty of being sent for in Custody of the Serjeant to bealmut. at Arms; without Leave first asked, and granted, between Eleven and Twelve of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Andrew River’*

and Sir JVm. Bcversham; Debu.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees for Rivers,

Widow, and Sir George Rivers Baronet; to raise Money, by Sale of Timber, for Payment of the Debts of Sir John Rivers Baronet.

And then the House adjourned till

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Eduard Low and 15 die Mad, 1678.

Sir John Branch dun; r>

1 r 7 1 H A Y E R S

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Amendments RThat Mr. James be summoned Westlury sent from this House, to the Bill to enable the Trustees to attend this IIoilse tl)is Uav, upon the Cause con- Election, of Sir Ralph Banks to sell Lands for Payment of Debts; corning the Return lor the Borough 0 in the

~ - County of H ills.

Smith's

Estate.

and have also agreed to the Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of Sir late of Ilough in the County of Knight, de-

ceased, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Hie Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of Sir William Thorold, late of Ilough in the County of Lincolne, Knight, deceased, were read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

A Motion was made, That the Bill on the Behalf of the Lady Smith may be put to its Passage.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Thomas Smith Baronet, deceased.

King appoints to be attended;

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill con- Thompson’* cerning Thompson, A elthrcpand others, Bankrupts, is &c. Estate, committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Lords Reasons, to be offered at.a Conference to be had with Amendments the Lords, upon not agreeing to the Amendments, sent to Kl11 lor down from the Lords, to the Bill for burying in Woolen, IB

be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

A Petition of Roger Clavell, now in Custody of the Petition from Serjeant at Arms, was read; and withdrawn. a person in

custody.

The House then proceeded to the Examination of the \yfSt|)Ur, Matter of the Return for the Borough of in the Election.

County of Wilts.

And several Witnesses w ere called in; and examined,

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That the Persons appointed to attend his Majesty, and know his Pleasure when the House Should present the Address, had waited upon his Majesty: And that he had appointed touching the Matters relating the reunto.- — this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, for the House to and urges dis- attend him with the Address: And that he had it furpatching the ther in Command from his Majesty, to put the House in

Supply. mind of dispatching the Supply promised his Majesty;

for that the Charge was so great, that his Majesty must be forced to lay up several of the great Ships already provided, and to disband as many of the Forces newly raised, as he can, if he be not speedily supplied: And, That the House would therefore take the Matter of Supply immediately into their Consideration.

A Message from his Majesty by Sir Edward Carteret, Message t# Usher of the Black Rod; *t,enii ll‘*

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend

0 CD

immediately in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Parliament up to attend his Majesty in the House of Lords: Where prorogued, his Majesty was pleased to prorogue both Houses of Parliament, until the Three-and-twentieth of May Instant.

Jovis, 23" die Mail, 1678.

Prayers.

Message t* A MESS AG E from the King, by Sir Edward Car-attead the Jy\_ tcret, Usher of the Black llod;

Kin8- Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Lords.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went t

up to attend his Majesty.

And the House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Ma- The King* jesty: And that his Majesty, in what he did deliver, w as Speech iV pleased to make use of his Paper: And that, to avoid Porlc<J-Mistakes, he had obtained a Copy of it: Which lie read to the House; and is as folloiveth; vis.

My

e

Hearth

Money.

Grand

Committees.

Committee ef Privileges.

30CAR.IL 23 Mail481

My Lords and Gentlemen,

WHEN I met you last, I asked your Advice upon the great Conjunctures abroad. What return You, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, made me, and whether it wa6 suitable to the End I intended (which Was the Saving of Flanders) I leave to yourselves, in cold Blood, to consider. Since I asked your Advice, the Conjunctures abroad, and our Distempers, which influence them so much, have driven Things violently on towards a Peace; and where they will end, I cannot tell; but will say this only to you, That I am resolved, as far as I am able, to save Flanders, either by a War, or a Peace, which Way soever I shall find most conducing towards it: And That must be judged by Circumstances, as they play from abroad.

For my own Part, I Should think being armed were as . necessary to make Peace as War; and therefore, if I were able, would keep up my Army and Navy at Sea for some time, till a Peace were concluded, if That must be: But, because That will depend upon your Supplies, I leave it to you to consider, Whether to provide for their Subsistence so long, or for their Disbanding sooner; and to take care in either Case, not to discourage or use ill so many worthy Gentlemen, and brave Men, who came to offer their Lives and Service to their Country upon this Occasion; and in Pursuit of your own Advices and Resolutions. I must put you likewise in mind of a Branch of my Revenue, which is now expiring; and of another greater, which is cut off by a Clause in the Poll Bill; as also of the Two hundred thousand Pounds, taken up upon the Credit of the Excise at your Request: And I shall consent to any reasonable Bills you shall offer me, for the Good and Safety of the Nation.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I shall say no more, but only to assure you, whatsoever some ill Men would have believed, I never had any Intentions but of Good to you and my People, nor ever shall; but will do all that I can for your Safety and Ease, as far as you yourselves will suffer me: And since these are my Resolutions, I desire you will not drive me into Extremities, which must end ill both for you and me, and (which is worst of all) for the Nation; which we ought all to have equal Care of: Therefore I desire we may prevent any Disorders or Mischiefs that may befall them by our Disagreement: And, in case they do, I shall leave it to God Almighty to judge between us, who is the Occasion of it.

One Thing more I have to add; and that is, to let you know, That I will never more suffer the Course and Method of passing Laws to be changed: And that, if several Matters shall ever again be tacked together in one Bill, That Bill shall certainly be lost, let the Importance of it be never so great.

The rest I leave to my Lord Chancellor.

A Bill for the better and more easy collecting the Duty of Hearth Money, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday next, after Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do sit every Monday at Two of the Clock, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Wednesday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice, do sit every Saturday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the House,

Ot'dered, That a Committee of Elections and Privileges be appointed, of these Members following:

Vol. IX.

Sir Tho. Meeres, Col. Birch, Sir John Coriton, Sir

Rolks, Sir John Lowther, Sir John Trevor, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho.Mompesson, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr

Wright, Sir John Hobart, Sir Hen Lord Ancram,

Mr. Mallock, Sir John A foreton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Eliah

Harvy, Sir John Knight, Sir Fr. Sir Lowther,

Sir Rob. Dillington, Mr. Booth, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir

John Cotton, Mr. Whitacre, Sir Wheeler, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Lord Clifford, Sir

Covert, Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Hall, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Osborne, Sir Tho. Meadmcs, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Vaughan, _ Mr. Swinfcn, Mr. Walker, Mr. Nor ley, Serjeant Gregory,

Sir John Alallett, Mr. Vane, Sir Joseph Ash, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Cooke, Sir Rich. Everard, Lord Latimer, Mr Ayliffe, Mr. Howard, Mr. Spry, Mr. Mr.

Reeves, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Mr. Finch, Lord

Hawley, Mr. St. John, Mr. Sir Fr. Drake,

Mr. At report, Sir Ad. Browne, Mr. Bertie, Sir

Mr. Starved, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Knowles, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Foote, Colonel Norton, Sir Leans Palmer, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir Gilbert Sir

Ph. Howard, Mr. Newport, Sir Geo. Reeves, Mr. , Sir Jona. Trelawny, Mr. King, Sir John Heath, Mr. Gray,

Sir Edward Deering, Sir John HolmanSir Wm.

Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Powle, Mr. Marvell, Lord Ashley, Six Trevor Williams, Mr. Garraway, Lord Castleton, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Bulkr, Six John Barnaby, Mr. May, Sir John Damieip Sir Robert Markham, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr.

Secretary JVilliamson, Sir John Napier, Mr Mr. Tregonwell, Mr. Harbor'd, Sir Hotham, Sir

Hickman, Mr. Mounson, Sir Ph. Sir Rich.

Wiseman, Mr. Williams: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to meet every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday: And to take into their Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns already made, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the said Committee is to have Power to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information. And all Members, who are'returned for Two or more Places, to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And, if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter, which concerns himself, is in Debate.

An Order of the Second Day of April 1677, concerning Bribery and Drinking at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read, as followed]:

Resolved, &c. That if any Person hereafter, to be elected into a Place, for to sit, and serve in the House of Commons for any County, City, Town, Port, or Borough, after the Teste, or die issuing out of the Writ or Writs of Election, upon the Calling or Summoning of any Parliament hereafter; or after any such Place becomes vacant hereafter in the Time of Parliament; shall by himself, or by any other on his Behalf, or at his Charge, at any Time before the Day of his Election; give any Person or Persons, having Voice in any such Elections, any Meat or Drink, exceeding, in the true Value, Ten Pounds in the Whole, in any Place or Places, but in his own Dwelling House or Habitation, being the usual Place of his Abode for Six Months last-past; or shall, before such Election be made and declared, make any other Present, Gift, or Reward, or any Promise, Obligation, or Engagement, to do the same, either to any such Person or Persons in particular, or to any such County, City, Town, Port, or Borough, in general; or to or for the Use and Benefit of them, or any of them; every such Entertainment, Present, Gift, Reward, Promise, Obligation, or

6 F Engagement,

Grantham

Election.

Newport

Election.

Durham

Election.

482

23' — 24° Mali.

A. 167%.

Engagement, is by this House declared to be Bribery c the Borough of Earle in the County of Devon,

' And such Entertainment, Present, Gift, Reward, Pro- in Injury of the Petitioner, who w’as duly elected, and mise, Obligation, or Engagement, being duly proved, is ought to have been returned, was read

and shall be a sufficient Ground, Cause, and Matter to make every such Election void, as to the Person so offending; and to render the Person, so elected, incapable to sit in Parliament by such Election: And hereof the Committee of Elections and Privileges is appointed to take especial Notice and Care; and to act and determine Matters coming before them accordingly.

Resolved, &e. That the said Order do continue a Standing Order of the House; and an Instruction to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; and to commence from the said Second Day of April 1677.

A Petition of Sir JVm.Ellis Baronet, was read; complaining of an undue Return of Sir Robert Markham Baronet, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grantham in the County of Lincolne, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions JVm. , to bring in a Bill, concerning the drain-

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition on the Behalf of the Burghers of the Petition from Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Yorkc, was Aldborough. presented to the House; and read.

And some Exceptions being taken to the said Petition;

The same was withdrawn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 24° die Maii, 1678.

AMOTION being made, for Leave to bring in a Lindsey Bill for draining Lindsey Level; Level.

The Question being put, That Leave be given to Sir

Shrewsbury

Election.

therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Kynaston Esquire, complaining

of an undue Return of Sir Richard C to serve for the

Town of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

ing Lyndscy Level;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

T , /Sir E

letters, <j.Mr.

Tellers /Sir A

’/Sir John Knight,

| for the Yeas, 75. j> for the Noes,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Leave be given to Sir JVm.

legrez to bring in a Bill concerning the Dx'aining of Lindsey Level.

A Petition of John Coryton Esquire, complaining of,

an undue Return of Ambrose Manaton Esquire, to serve A Bill for Wearing of Woolen Manufactures, and regu- Woolen

for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, lating the Making thereof, was read the First time. . in Injury of the Petitioner, was read. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second tirpei. torM'

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to re- Exporting Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, peal the Laws prohibiting the Exportation of Leather. , Leather, to the House.

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to Expiring A Petition of William Tempest Esquire, complaining consider of the Temporary Laws that are expired, and Laws of an undue Return of John Parkhurst Esquire, to serve which of them are fit to be revived; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Clcrgcs, Sir Heath,

Mr. Mr. Spry, Mr. Crouch, Sir Geo. Downing,

Serjeant Seis, Sir Drake, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr.

Hopkins, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Powle, Serjeant Rigby,

in this present Parliament for the City of Durham, ip Injury of the Petitioner, who w as duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the

Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, Serjeant Ilardress, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Greenvi/c, Mf. to the House. JolUffe, Sir John Knight, Mr. Mr. Wright,

Mr. Sir Mallett, Mr. May, Mr. Marvell,

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Sir Sir Mr.

and peruse the Journal of the House of Lords, and see Mr. Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Sac

Lords Journal to

be inspected. w]iat Entry is there made of my Lord Chancellor’s Speech; and report the Matter to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Powle, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. SachavcrelI, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Thyn, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Robert Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr,

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westbury

Election.

..... , .....----- , — Resolved, See. That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, for Growth of

Vaughan, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir John Mallet, Sir JVm. securing the Protestant Religion against the Grow th of Lopery.

Hickman, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sit JVm. Coventry, Sir John Popery.

Knight', or any Three of them. And it is referred to Sir John Trevor, Colonel Birch,

Mr. Garraway, Mr. Powle, Sir Tho. Sir Eliap

A Petition of JVm. Trenchard Esquire, complaining Harvy, Sir Capell, Mr. Sir Edxo. Harley,

of an undue Return of Henry Berty Esquire, to serve in S\r Trevor Williams, Sir Rob. Thomas, Sir Monckton, this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury in Sir Hen. Ford, Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir

Plimton

Election.

the County of JVilts, in Injury of the Petitioner; who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Strode Esquire, complaining of

Tho. Higgons, Lord Ancram, Mr. Sir Anth.

Irby, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Hum.

Winch, Sir JVm. Hickman; or any Three of them.

Resolved, Scc.That a Committee be appointed to in- Poor Laws, spect the Laws that make Provision for the Poor; and to consider of the Inconveniencies therein; and present the same, with Remedies for Prevention thereof, to the House;

an undue Return of George Treby Esquire, to serve for and to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the Debate of the J9 House,

"TL

30 Car. II. 24° — 25* — 270 Mail, 483

House, to redress the Inconveniencies. And it is referred to Sir Edw. Deering, Colonel , Sir Fr. Rollcs, Sir

Fr. Russell, Mr. Buscau-en, Sir Tho. Sir Scroop

Hmv, Serjeant Gregory, Sir Court. Poole, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Williams, Sir John Sir John

Rolles, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Edxv. Harley, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Fr. Drake, Sir Her. Perrot, Sir Temple, Sir Cop. Bamfeild, Mr. Waller, Sir John Knight, Sir Ca-pell Luchin, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Clerke, Sir John Shaw, Sir Edm. Brncyet', Mr. Browne, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Eliah Harvy, Sir Rob. Thomas, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Tho. Higgons, Sir Edm.

Windham, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho.Clcrges, Sir Browne, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Garrau ay, Sir John Trevor, Sir Hen. Capcll, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Hopkins, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 25° die 1678.

War and Peace; and that, if his Majesty shall think fit to enter into a War against the French King, with the Alliances of the Emperor, and such other of the Princes and States as will come into the Confederacy, this House will support and assist his Majesty in carry ing on of the War.

The Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers /Sir P,dl' Howard,\, , Y r

1 ellers, ^Mr Collingwood, Jtor Uie ' eas>

Tellers (Sir John Moreton,\ , N -

tellers, frecor Williams,/ r JNoes’ 1'°’

At^d so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna,27* die Martii, 1678.

AB1 LL for Relief and Release of poof Prisoners for Insolvent Debt, was read the First time. . Debtors.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Burying in Woolen, was read the First time. Burying in

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time. Woolen.

A Bill for the better preventing of Maintenance, and Preventing County of Cornwall, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was buying pretending Titles, was read the First time. Champerty,

duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time. ' S£C* Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the A Bill for reviving and continuing a former Act for Exporting Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, exporting I.eiather, was read the First time. Leather,

to the House. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Newport

Election.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir Walter Yonge Baronet, complaining of an undue Return of Ambrose Manaton Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Newport in the

p;,.

v.» fin

fr.;

Lh

Insolvent Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Debtors. Discharge of poor Prisoners for Debt.

St. Martin’s Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for in the f ields erecting another Church in the Parish of St. Martin's in Church. Fields, and making it Parochial.

Burying itt Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Woolen. repeal the Law for Burying in Woolen; and to bring in a Bill for the more effectual enforcing the Burying in Woolen.

Vale Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make

Navigation, the River Vale in the County of Cornwall navigable.

Highways. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Clause in the Act concerning Highways, which

relates to Carriage for Hire.

Highway Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to peruse the Laws. Laws concerning Highways; and to consider of the Defects therein; and present the same to the House; with Remedies for the better Repair of Highways.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr. Buscau-en, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Col. Titus, Sir Tho. Lee, Serjeant Street, SirTrevorWitliams, Mr Serjeant Gregory,

Mr. Hopkinp, Sir Fdw. MastersColonel Birch, Sir

Elives, Sir Ric.Francklyn, Crouch, Sir Geff.

Sir Edm. Jenings, Mr. May, Sir John Burnaby, Sir John Bramston, Sir John Knight, Serjeant Rigby, Colonel Norwood, Sir Ch. Wheeler, Mr. Sir Whist.

Churchill, Mr. Williams, Sir Ad. Browne, Mr. Harrison, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir CourPoole, Sir Trevor, Mr.

Westfaling, Sir Ric. Everard, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Preventing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Champerty, the better preventing of Maintenance, Champerty, and tiC- Embracery, and buying of pretended Titles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Keels, &c.

admeasuring Keels and Boats carrying Coals. carrying

° J ° . Coals.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Bankrupt*, Laws concerning Bankrupts; and to consider of the Defects therein; and to provide more effectual Means for Discovery of their Estates; and to take care that it may pot be in the Power of any particular Creditor, or small Number of them, to obstruct the Composition of the Generality of the Creditors; and to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

And it is referred to Mr. Papillon, Sir Geo. Downing,

Sir Wm. Thompson, Col. Birch, Mr. Mr.

wayes, Mr. Butler, Mr. Jones, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Garrauay, Serjeant Gi'egory, Sir Cop. Bamfield, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Sam. BernurdSir

Trevor, Mr, Treby, Sir Rich.Temple, Sir Rolls, Sir

Rich. Everard, Sir Rob. Dillington, Sir Rich. Corbet, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Man, Mr. Foote, Sir Trevor Williams, and '

all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants, or any Five of them: And they are to meet, at Three of tire Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Hawkers, the better suppressing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Eedlars, &c. Chapmen.

Resolved, &c. That the House, taking into Considera* Votempect-tien the State of his Majesty's Affairs, and the great >"!?tl,e Charge and Burthen that his Majesty and the Nation lies Aimy* under by the Army now in being, are humbly of an Opinion, That, if his Majesty pleases to enter into a War against the French King, this House is and always will be ready to support and assist him in that War: But if otherwise, then they will proceed to the Consideration of providing for the speedy Disbanding of the Army.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty Privy Council, do present this Vote to his Majesty.

Address on State of Affairs,

A Debate being in the House, for an humble Address to be presented to his Majesty, to know from his Majesty the State of Affairs, as they now stand, in relation to V01. IX.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

1

VJ

484

A. 1678

28* — 30* Mali.

Highways.

Woolen Manufactures.

Haverford West Election.

Martis, 28* die Maii, 1678.

ABIL L for Repeal of a Clause in the Act concerning Highways, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for wearing the Woolen Manufactures, be read the Second time on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of William Wogan Esquire, complaining of

an undue Return of Sir Herbert to serve for the

Town and County of Haverford West, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

W<x>len Ma- The House taking notice of printed Papers delivered nuacturei. j)00r^ containing Reasons against the Bill for wearing the Woolen Manufactures: And the House conceiving it to be irregular, for Reasons to be printed and published against a Publick Bill, before a Petition be exhibited to the House against the Bill;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of this Matter; and what is fit to be done therein; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And :t is referred to Mr. Sachavcrell, Mr. Hamden, Sir Phil. Warwick, Colonel Kirby, Colonel Titus, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Court. Poole, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Mallet, Colonel Birch, Mr. Sir John Knight,

Sir EliabHarvy, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir John Sir

Geo. Downing, Sir Richard Corbet, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Crouch, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Ant h. Irby, Mr Westphaling;or any Five of them: And

they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

HIS Majesty having perused the Vote of this House of the Twenty-seventh of May, hath thought fit to return this Answer; That the Most Christian King hath made such Offers for a Cessation, till the Twenty-seventh of July, as his Majesty does not only believe will be accepted, but does also verily believe will end in a general Peace: Yet since that is not certain, his Majesty does by no means think it prudent to dismiss either Fleet or Army before that Time; nor does He think it can add much to the Charge; because the liaising of the Money, and paying them off, would take as long Time as that, although the speediest disbanding that is possible were intended.

That in the mean Time His Majesty desires some Supply may be provided for their Subsistence, that as hitherto they have been the most orderly Army that ever were together, they may be encouraged to continue so.

That there is another Thing which presses His Majesty with very great Inconvenience in His domestick Affairs; which is the want of the Two hundred thousand Pounds you promised to repay Him at your next Meeting after; and which does affect that whole Branch of His Revenue, by having a Fifth Part taken out of every Payment, which Should be applied to the necessary Uses of His Houshold: He does therefore desire you will immediately apply yourselves to the Re-payment of that Money to Him.

Given at Our Court at Whitehall, the Twenty-eighth of May 1678.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty’s Message.

Resolved, &c. That the Lord Chancellor’s Speech be read on Saturday Morning next.

Liehfeild. A Petition of Michaell Esquire, complaining

Election. of an undue Return of Sir to serve for the

City of Liehfeild, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Insolvent A Bill for Relief and Release of poor Prisoners for pebtors. Debt, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Crouch, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir lien. Ford, Mr. Mr

Mr. Whoruood, Sir Tho.Meeres, Mr. Spry, Col. Rolles, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Lan.Lake, Serjeant Gregoiy, Mr. chaverell, Sir John Pettus, Sir Ad. BMr.

Sir Tho. Clerges, Colonel Phillips, Sir John Coryton, Sir John Mallet, Sir John Knight, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Plen. Ford, Sir Job Charleton, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir John Knight, Sir Ric. Everard, Sir Cop. Bamfeild, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Sir Vere Fane, Sir Phil. Warwick, Sir Robert Holt, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Scroop How, Sir Wm. Terringham, Sir John Norton, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Powle, Mr. Browne, Sir Court.Poole, and all the Members that serve for the County of Surrey, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber.

Message in Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That the answer to Persons appointed had presented the Vote of Yesterday ing the #PeC to his Majesty: And that his Majesty was pleased to Army. return an Answer thereunto: Which being in Writing, he delivered to Mr. Speaker: And the same was by him read to the House; and is as follow eth; viz.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 30* die Mali, 1678.

Prayers.

A BILL for making good a Mortgage made by Alderman John Forth, deceased, and for making Provision for his Son, w as read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better Discovery of the Estates of Thompson,

and others, Bankrupts.

A Bill for making navigable the River Vale in the County of Cornwall, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for admeasuring Keels and Boats carrying Coals, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for wearing the Woolen Manufactures, and regulating the making thereof, was read the Second time. Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed.

A Petition of several Clothiers of the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Suffolk, in Behalf of themselves and divers others who are the principal Manufacturers of English Wool; was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the same Committee.

Two Petitions; the one on the Behalf of the Merchants trading to the Levant Sea; the other on the Behalf of the

15 Weavers*

V

Message

to be considered,

Lord Chancellor's Speech.

Forth Mortgage.

Thompson’s, &c. Estates.

Vale

Navigation.

Keels, &c.

carrying

Coals.

Woolen Manufactures.

30 Car. II.

30® — 31° Mali.

485

>e

11

e

i,

is

e

e

5 lOK’4

cat

! Lori'j ctifen $».

In

Scir

res

of.L‘

hi

Weavers and other Manufacturers of Mohair Yam, were presented to the House.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petitions be likewise referred to the Consideration of the same Committee.

Resolved, &e. That a Committee be appointed to take the said Bill and Petitions into Consideration, of these Members following; viz. Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Moreton, Colonel Birch, Sir Roger Bradshaw', Sir Harvey, Mr. Spry, Sir Sam. Sir

Deering, Sir John CorytColonel Rolles, Sir John

Elwes, Mr. Papi/lcn, Mr. Sir John Trevor,

Sir Rob. Can, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Hickman, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Robinson, Sir Tho. Mr.

Buscawen, Alderman Bence, Mr. Sir John

Rolles, Sir JVm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Love,

Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Fr. Rolles, Sir John Knight, Sir Atith. Irby, Sir Wm. llartop, Mr. Jo. Wright, Mr. Sir

Trevor Williams, Sir John Mr. Weld, Mr. Ernie,

Sir John Mallet, Sir Tho. Sir John Frederick, Sir

Wm. Thompson, Mr JolliffMr. Foote, Mr. Noseworthy, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Jones; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Wilts, Gloucester, Suffolk, Somerset, and Kent; and all the Merchants of the House: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Forces to be The House then proceeded to the Consideration of disbanded, his Majesty’s Message.

Which was by Mr. Speaker read to the House.

Resolved, See. Nemine contrThat all the Forces

that have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last, except those which have been sent to the Plantations, be forthwith paid, and disbanded.

Supply. ’ A Motion being made, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, for disbanding the said Forces;

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Arrears to Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to Forces* examine, what does now remain due to the Forces that are to be disbanded; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Sir John Talbot, Sir Tho.Meres, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Gan naway, Sir Eliah JIarvy, Sir Wheeler, Mr.

Hopkins, Sir John Hanmcr, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir John Ernie, Sir John Sir

Coventry, Mr. Spry, Mr. Sachaverell, Mr. Powle, Lord O Brien, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Whoncood, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Stephen Fo.r, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Papi/lon, Sir John Fenwick, Mr. Hamden, Sir John HothSir Robert Holmes, Col. Legg, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Pepys, Sir John Barnaby,

Sir Tho. Chichely, Sir John Holmes, Sir John Mallett: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

State of the Resolved, &c. That the Committee, last appointed, do Fleet. consider of the best Way and Means of lessening the present Charge of the Fleet.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration the State of the Fleet.

Aldborough A Petition of several of the Burghers of the Borough Election. of Aldborough in the County of setting forth, That Sir John Rcresby had procured himself to be returned to serve for the said Borough, although he was not duly elected, was presented to the House.

Exception being taken to the said Petition; for that there was an Affidavit upon the same Paper with the Petition;

The Question being put. That the Petition be read;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

rp ,1 fSir Wm. Wentworth, j r v- ,

Tellers, Ilarbord,j the 1139-Vo L- IX.

} fW 40 "5-

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Petition being read;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the House do blot out the said Affidavit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and, Elections; to examine the Matter, and report the same to the House, with their Opinions therein;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 31° die Maii, 1673.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable Trustees to sell Lands*for Pay- Mulso’s ment of the Debts of Tanfeild Esquire, Estate-

deceased; and raising Portions for his three Daughters; was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Ralph Ashton, complaining of an Clithero undue Return of Sir Tho. Stringer, to serve for the Election. Borough of Clithero in the County of Lancaster, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill to prevent Abuses in taking Affidavits in the Taking Country, was read the First time. Affidavits.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, for a Contribution of the Mem- Contributions bers, to reward the Officers and Servants of the I louse; for Officers of Ordered, That every Knight of the Shire do pay Ten the House> Shillings; and every Burgess Five, as a Contribution to reward the Officers and Servants of the House: And that the Clerk do collect the same: And that those Members that are absent, do pay double: And that the Clerk do to that End deliver in a List of such Members as are absent, on Wednesday next.

A Petition of Mr. John Rushworth, complaining of an Berwick undue Return of Peregrine Lord Viscount Election,

to serve for the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply for whole House, to consider of the Motion for a Supply to disbanding, be given to his Majesty, for Paying and Disbanding all the tlle Artn) Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth of last.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee,

That the Committee had taken the Matter into Consideration; and had agreed upon a Vote: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table. And the said Vote, being read to the House, was, upon the Question, agreed; and is As followeth:

Resolved, 8cc. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty towards the paying and disbanding of all the Forces that have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine Arrear* to what remains now due to the Forces that are to be Forces, disbanded, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

6 G A Petition

Ashburton

Election*

Privilege.

Foreign

Protestants.

8t. Marti ns in the Fields Church,

Preventing

Maintenance

&c.

Removal of Suits.

Lord

Chancellor’s

Speech.

486

31

Man-

A Petition of Tho. Reynoll, complaining of an undue Return of Rawlin Mallock and Sitawell Esquires, to serve as Burgesses for the Borough of Ashburton in the County of Devon, in Injury of die Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned one of the Burgesses.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

— 30 Junii.

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers /Lord tellers,jMf

Tellers /Sir Bo Wray,

Ellers, |Mr S

A. 1678.

| for the Yeas, 157-

| for the Noes, 181. And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Committee of Privileges.

Sabbati, 1* die 1678.

A COMPLAINT being made of a Breach of Privilege, committed against Sir William Terring-ham, a Member of this House, by Richard Anthony alias Bunsted, William Barbor, John Hathome, and Robert Bushby, in taking away and detaining one of his

Coach Horses;

Ordered, That the Horse be forthwith delivered: And that the said Richard Anthony alias Bunsted, JVm. Barber, John Hathome, and Robert Bushby, be summoned to answer their Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Win.Terringham, in taking away and detaining his Horse.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Balduyn and Sir William Beversham;

Mr. Speaker, The I^ords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to provide Relief for poor Protestant Strangers: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill for erecting another Church in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, and making it Parochial, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better preventing Maintenance and > Embracery, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Serjeant SVis, Sir John Hot ham, Sir Geo. Sir John

Knight, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir John Otway, Sir John Trevor, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Wright, Mr. Crouch, Sir Rich. Head, Sir Ad. Browne, Serjeant Street, Sir Shakerly, Sir Wm.

Thompson, AIr. Gwyn, Mr. Mu Sir

Sir John Barnaby, Mr. Whitacre, Sir Hugh Belhell, Mr. Eyres, Sir John Mallet I, Sir Win. Sir Trevor

Williams, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Westfalivg, Mr. Sachaverell, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Iiobe: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Removal of Suits.

The Lord Chancellor’s Speech was then, according to the Order, read to the House.

The Question being propounded, That the Proceedings of this House have not occasioned a Peace;

A Motion being made, That these Words " mentioned by my Lord Chancellor in his Speech" may be added to the Question;

The Question being put, That the Words " mentioned by my Lord Chancellor in his Speech" be added to the Question;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

T} for the Yeas, .46.

} for tix. No* >*'

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Question be now, put;

Luna, 3’ die Junii, 1678.

Praters.

A BILL for making good a Mortgage made by Forth’* Alderman John Forth, deceased, and for making Mortgage. Provision for his Son, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Jonath. Trelawney, Sir Phil. Harecourt, Sir Eduard Harley, Sir John Coryton, Mr. Sachaverell, Alderman Bence, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Buscawen, Lord O,

Sir John Otway, Lord Filzharding, Mr. Sir

Mallet, Sir Ad. Brmone, Sir John Trevor, Mr. love,

Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Serjeant Gregory, Sir Fliab Harvey, Alderman Jdliffe, Sir Sam. Bamardislon, Mr.

Burlace, Sir Josh.Ash, Mr. Henly, Sir Edw. Hunger ford,

Mr. Cheney, Mr. Wright, Sir Cop. Bampfeild, Sir Palmer, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Birch, Sir John Moreton,

Sir John Knight, Mr. Buller, Sir Jos. Jredcnham, Mi-. Westphaling, Mr. Mallett, Sir Robert Kempe, Sir Jc.

Rolles, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Edw. Deering,

Mr. Foote, Sir John Norton, Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr. Paride,

Sir John Barnaby, Sir Rich. Everard: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of Mnlso’* the Debts of Tanfeild Mulso, deceased, was read a Estate. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Browne, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Mallet, Sir Lewis Palmer, Mr. Pleydzcell, Sir Jon Trehrwncy, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Westphaling, Sir JohnK?iight, Sit Hen. Ford, Sir Tho. Clerges,

Mr. Rob. Wright, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Foote, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Fleetwood, Mr. Price, Colonel Phillips, Mr.

Bilson, Sir Win. Farmer, Mr. Sir

Francklyn, Sir John Hamner, Sir Pelham, Lord Filzharding, Mr. Neale, Mr. Mountague, Sir John Moreton, Sir John Coryton, Sir John Norton, Mr. Browne,

Sir Trevor Williams, Lord O Brien, Serjeant Rigby, Sir John Bramston, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Mallett, Sir John Cotton, Sir Wm. Heywood, Sir Rob. Kemp, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Sir Rob. Barnham, Sir REverard, Sir Rich. Wiseman, Mr. Weld, Mr. Tulse, Mr. John I fright, Mr.

Hopkins, Sir John Holmes, Mr. And all that

serve for the County of NorthampUm: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for admeasuring Keels and Boats carrying Coals, Keel*, &c. was read the Second time. carrying

Resolved, &c. That the Bill he committed to Sir John Coni*. Knight, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. J Mr. Zore,

Sir Rob. Can, Mr. Wood, Mr. Gwyn, Serjeant Rigby, Sir George Reeves, Sir Geo. Courtop, Sir Air.

Ro. Wright, Mr. Jones, Mr. Weld, Sir John Hotham, Sir Ch. Musgrave, Sir Geo.Downing, Sir B/acket, Sir Fr. Anderson, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir HForster, Sit Anth.

Irby, Mr. Cheney, Sir Rich.Temple, Sir Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Linfeild, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Deering,

Sir John Hamner, Sir Hen. G, Mr.

16 Sir

30 Car. II. 30 Junii.

8t Martin’s in the Fields Church.

ilcr9?

Arrears to Forces*

m

isliit.

rq:

Sir Jos. Trcdenham, Sir Anth. Mr. Sir

Sam. Bernardiston, Sir Fr. La Mr. Sir

John Burnaby, Sir John Talbot, and all that serve for the County of Jjurham, and all that serve for the Port Towns: And they are to meet on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for erecting of another Church in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, and making it Parochial, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir Court. Poole,

Mr. Crouch, Sir John'Dawney, Sir Ciryll Wych, Sir Ch.

Musgrave, Sir Edw..Deer ing, Sir Mr. May,

Sir John Ehces, Mr. Spry, Sir John Talbot, Sir Everard, Sir John Nicholas, Mr Mr

Sir Jonath. Trelauney, Mr. Buller, Sir Trevor, Mr.

Man, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Osborne, Sir John Mallet,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Potvle, Sir Hen. Capcll, Serjeant Gregoiy, Mr. Westfaling.Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Ric. Corbet, Sir Jo.Birkenhead, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Ch.

Cotterell, Sir Ro. Berkeley, Mr. Spry, Mr. Sir

v Ph. Warwick, Sir Ad. Browne, Mr. Boreman, Sir Tho. Hatton, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Rob. Sir Gilb.

Talbot, Mr. Guy, Sir John BramsColonel Birch, Mr.

Tempest, Sir John Elxces, Mr. Price, Doctor Arris, Sir Lyonell Walden, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Spencer, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Neale, Mr. Clarke, Sir Ed. Masters, Sir Gilb.Gerrard, Mr. OnsUru\ Sir Ro. Carr, Sir Compton, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Sir Wm. Blacket, Sir Sam.

Bernardiston, Mr. Thyn, Sir Ric. Haw, Sir Lan. Lake,

Sir Ed. Harley: And they are to meet on Wednesday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards: And are to summon and hear the Land Owners in the said Parish, and all Parties concerned: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Paxvle reports from the Committee appointed to examine what is due to the Forces that are to be disbanded, That the Committee had summoned the Commissary and Paymaster of the Army: And that Commissary Baines informed the Committee, That there were Sixteen Regiments of Foot ordered to be newly raised since 29® Septembris last; of which Two were to consist of Two thousand Men apiece, one of Six hundred, and the rest of the Regiments of One thousand Men apiece.

That Three thousand of these Men were to be brought hither out of France, which are not yet come over; but the rest are all raised, as is certified, though the Muster Rolls of several of them are not yet closed.

That, besides these, there have been raised Thirty-five Companies of Foot, whereof Two are sent to Jamaica, and Eight Companies of Grenadiers, each of them consisting of One hundred Men.

That, besides these, there have been raised Two thousand Five hundred Sixty Soldiers, for Recruits to the Four Regiments that were before in the King’s Pay, and Eleven hundred Men for Recruits to several Garisons.

That there were Four Regiments of Horse ordered to be raised, of Four hundred and Eighty Men each; all which were raised, except Part of One Regiment, which were to be brought out of France, but are not yet come.

That there were Eighty Soldiers raised to recruit the Regiment formerly in the King's Pay.

That, besides these, there were raised three Troops of Grenadiers on Horseback, consisting in Eighty Men in One Troop, and Sixty in the other Two Troops.

That there was One Troop more, consisting of Sixty, raised, and sent to Guernsey and Jarsey.

That there have been Three Regiments of Dragoons raised, each consisting of Six hundred Forty Men.

That every Foot Company was capable of being mus*-tered when they had raised Fifty Soldiers; every Troop of Horse at Twenty-five; and every Troop of Dragoons at Thirty.

That, for the raising of every Company of Foot, there was One hundred Pounds allowed by the King; for every Vol, IX.

Troop of Horse Five hundred Pounds; and for every Troop of Dragoons Three hundred and Fifty Pounds.

That the Independent Companies, and the Recruits, wrere began to be mustered about the Middle of January last, ana were completed by the End of February.

That the new Regiments began to be mustered by the Middle of March, and were completed by the End of April.

That the whole Number of Soldiers (not including the Officers), intended to be raised, were Twenty-five thousand Five hundred and Sixty Foot, Two thousand Two hundred and Sixty Horse, One thousand Nine hundred and Twenty Dragoons.

All which have been actually raised and taken into the King’s Pay, except the Three thousand Foot, and some Part of a Regiment of Horse, which were expected out of France.

That the Committee had likewise received an Account from the Paymaster of the Army, of the Charge of levying the Forces, and of cloathing the m: And that the Committee had collected several Heads thereout, which he was ordered to report to the House; and is as followeth:

The Charge of levying of the Forces, and paying of them till the last Day of May inclusive, according to the Estimate given in by the Paymaster General, amounts to 194,80b/. 195. 7 d.

The cloathing of the new-raised Foot, consisting of Twenty-three thousand One hundred Seventy-one Men, Fifty-three Shillings per Man, according to his Majesty’s Warrant, 61,405/. 3 s.

The cloathing of the Horse, consisting of Two thousand and Thirty Men, at Nine Pounds per Man, according to his Majesty’s Warrant, 18,270/.

The cloathing of the Dragoons, consisting of Nineteen hundred and Twenty Men, at Six Pounds Ten Shillings per Man, according to his Majesty’s Warrant, 12,480/.

The cloathing 01 the Horse Grenadiers, consisting of Two hundred Men, at Eight Pounds per Man, according to Estimate, 1,600l.

The Pay of these Forces, and the Field and Staff Officers, from the last Day of May exclusive, to the last Day of June inclusive, according to the Establishment, 51,125/. 5 s.

To be deducted, The Off Reckonings of the Soldiers Pay, towards the Discharge of their Cloathing; viz. Two-pence per Diem for the Foot, Six-pence Diem for the Horse, and Two Shillings and Six-pence per Week for the Dragoons and Horse Grenadiers, till the End of May, according to the Paymaster's Estimate, amounts to 22,000 /.

The Off Reckonings of the Soldiers Pay, for the Month of June, amounts to 8,451/.

The total Charge of the Army, to the last Day of June inclusive (the Off Reckonings deducted), amounts to Three hundred and Nine thousand Two hundred Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Nine-pence.

That in this Account there is not included the Two Trumpeters belonging to every Troop of Horse, which , were wholly funiished at the Officers Charge; as also One Pair of Kettle Drums to every Regiment of Horse: Nor likewise the Charge of the extraordinary Cloathing of the Drum Major to every Regiment, and of Two Drums to every Company of Foot, as also of the Serjeants and Corporals, for which there was only Fiity-three Shillings allowed by his Majesty’s Warrant, as to every other common Soldier; nor for Two Drummers for every Company of Dragoons: Nor likewise for the Chests provided for the Surgeons of the Army, for every Regiment One: Neither is there any Thing reckoned for Contingencies: Neither is there any Consideration taken of what the Officers have expended beyond their Allowance; nor for their own Equipages, which were made by his Majesty’s Command.

There is received of this upon the Poll Bill - 70,800

There is more ordered upon the Poll Bill - 79,200

In all----- - 150,000

A Message

Dtan of St, Pauls,

State of the Fleet.

Adjourn-

ment.

Dean of St. Paul’s.

Bankrupts.

Hearth

Money.

Supply.

3* — 4® — 5° Junii. 1678.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for encreasing the Revenue of the Dean of St. Paul’s; and assuring the Estates of his Tenants in Shadwell in the County of Middlesex.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration o the State of the Fleet.

A Motion being made, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty for dismissing the extraordinary Charge of the Fleet;

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Matters concerning the Fleet is referred, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

The Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers, J for the Noes, 1 21

Tellers, Tempest,\ for the Yeas, 157.

’ [Mr. Progers, / > j/

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mart is, 4® die Junii, 1678.

A BILL, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for jl\. increasing the Revenue of the Dean of St. Paul's; and assuring the Estates of his Tenants in in

the County of Middlesex; was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for better Discovery of the Estates of Bankrupts, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

and disbanding the Forces that have been raised, since the Twenty-ninth of September last.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That the Committee had agreed upon Two Votes: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same, being the re twice read, were with some Amendments made at the Clerk’s

....., upon the Question, severally agreed; and are

as followeth:

Resolved, &c. That a Supply of Two hundred thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for the speedy and complete Paying and Disbanding of all the Forces that have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last.

Resolved, &c. That the said Supply shall be raised by Six Months Tax, after the Rate of Thirty-four thousand Four hundred and Ten Pounds Nine Shillings and Six-Pence Half-peny by the Month; to commence next after the Determination of the present monthly Tax.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Votes: And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor-General,

Sir Tho. Mecres, Mr. Pozcle, Colonel Birch, Sir John Trevor, Sir Robert Howard, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Clause be brought in, to encourage Persons to lend Money upon the Security of the said Bill: And that Provision be also made in the Bill, That the Forces be disbanded by the last Day of June Instant:

And that there be a Clause in the Bill for appropriating the Money to the Paying of the Forces, in order to disbanding the m.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except Committal, the Committee to whom the Matters relating to the Fleet stands committed; which is to sit this Afternoon: And that the Master of the Ordnance do bring in his Estimates to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

A Bill for the better collecting the Duty of Hearth Money, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Franckland, Sir Tho. Clages, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Sir

Edniond Jennings, Mr. Hide, Sir Downing, Mr. Past on, Mr. Greenvile, Sir John Sir Mr.

Secretary Coventry, Sir John KnightColonel , Sir

Trevor Williams, Sir Rich.Temple, Sir Tho. Mecres, Sir John Ernie, Sir Robert lloacard, Mr. Spry, Sir Capell, Sir Gervas Elzces, Lord Sir Roger

Brudshazc, Sir Adam Browne, Lord Mr. Thompson, Sir Edzo. Harley, Mr. HopkSir Wm. Lout her,

Mr. Swinj'cn, Sir John Hobart, Sir George Courtop, Sir Rob. Burnham, Mr. Crouch, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir 7 Mr. P ley diced, SerjeantMmy, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. wood, Sir Jo. Berkenhead, Sir Court. Poole, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Edzo.Harley, Mr. Sir John

Hotham, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Thompson, Sir

Elves, Sir Rob. Kemp, Sir Jos. TreSir net, Mr. Love, Sir John Reresby, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir Ma de rs, Mr. Man, Mr. Pozcle, Sir Edzo. Sir Tho.

Allen, Sir Hugh Bet hell, Mr. St. John, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Danic/l, Sir RowlandBarkely: And all that come are

to have Voices: And they are to meetTo-morrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to summon and hear the King’s Counsel: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mercurii, 5° die Junii, 1678. Praters.

ABIL L for naturalizing John Scoppens, and others, Seoppew', was read the First time. Nut-

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for better Discovery of the Estate of Thompson, Thompson’!, Nelthrop, and others, Bankrupts, was read the First &c.Estate, time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, after Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty j/earth of Ironmongers was presented to the House. Money. 1

And the Petitioners being called in to the Bar; and 1

owning the said Petition; the same was read to the

House. f

A Petition of Thomas Partridge, AT Parbery, and several others, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House:

And Nicholas Parbery being called in; and owning the said Petition; the same was read to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the i

Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill concerning the Duty of Hearth Money, stands committed.

Sir Edmund Windham presents the Bill for Draining Lyndsey

of Lyndsey Level. Ltvel.

Resolved, &c. That the House do now resolve into a Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Stolen Goody Committee of the whole House, further to consider of the better Discovery of stolen Goods; and to prevent Op-Supply to be granted to his Majesty, towards the paying pressing of the Poor.

16 A Petition

Hambourg

Company.

Liverpoole

Election.

Privilege — a Member convicted of bein^ a Papist.

St. Martin's in the Fields Church.

Committees.

Supply.

30 Gar. II. 5°-

A Petition of several of the Creditors of the Hambourg Company, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House.

And several of the Petitioners being called in; and owning the Petition;

The said Petition was read to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to consider of the said Petition; and to report their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Wright, Mr. Hen. Berty, Sir John Holman, Sir Edw. Dec Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho. Higgins, Sir John Trevor, Sir Fr. Clerke, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Weld, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Crouch, Sir Bob. Southwell, Major Linfield, Sir John Lowther, Sir James Smith, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Lord Morpeth, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Hungerford, Sir

Tho. Stringer, Sir John Elves, Mr. Clerk, Sir Ad. Browne, Sir Wm. Blaclcet, Sir Fr. Anderson, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Finch, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Tho. Mr. Bennet,

Sir Rich. Ford, Sir Rich. EveColonel Birch, Mr. Ch. Berty, Colonel Phillips, Sir Wm. Tcrringham, Lord Allington, Mr. Pepis, Major , Sir Treden-

ham, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Neale, Sir Rich. Graham, Colonel

Kirby, Sir John Otway, Sir Gervas Elwes, Mr. ling, Mr. Oalcely, Mr. Wareing, Mr. Sir Edm.

Windham, Mr. Phillips, Sir Robert Sir John

Holmes, Lord Latimer, Mr. Jones, Sir Court. Poole, Sir John Pcttus, Mr. Cookes, Sir Tho. C/trges, Sir Robert

Holmes, Sir Hum.Foster, Mr LSir John Sir

Wm. Lozcther, Lord Dumblaine, Mr. Reeves, Sir Tho.

Littleton, and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Somerset, Glocester, Wilts, W and

Yorke: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are to inspect the Charter of the Merchant Adventurers of England; and consider, if there be therein any Inconveniencies in relation to Trade; and, if there be, to provide Remedies to prevent the same; and report them to the House.

A Petition of Sir Edward Moore Baronet, complaining of an undue Return of Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet, and Richard Atherton Esquire, to serve as Burgesses for the Borough of Liverpoole in the County of Lancaster, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Alatter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Officer of the Exchequer do attend with the Record transmitted into the Exchequer, of the Conviction of Sir Solomon Swale'& being a Popish Recusant: And that Sir Solo.Swale do then also attend the Service of the House.

Ordered, That all the Alembers that will come shall have Voices at the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting another Church, in the Parish of St. s

is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Alotion for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, for dismissing the extraordinary Charge of the Fleet.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had taken the Alatter into Consideration; and had agreed upon a Vote: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Vo L. IX.

Where the same was read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth;

Resolved, &c. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, towards the Dismissing of the extraordinary Charge of the Fleet.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Junii, 1678.

ABIL L for making navigable the River Vale in the yale

County of Cornewall, w as read the Second time. Navigation. Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Air. Tanner, Sir John Rolles, Colonel Rolles, Sir Gervas Elwes,

Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Mallet, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Cotton, Sir Edw. Decring, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Weslj'aling, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Knight, Sir Ad.

Browne, Mr. Wright, Mr. Spry, Mr. Sir John

Trevor, Colonel Birch, Sir John Mallet, Sir John

Air. Crouch, Sir John Elzees, Sir A ntIrby, Sir

Talbot, Sir Tho. Mompcsson, Sir Ro. Berkley, Sir John

Cozy ton, Mr. Daniell, Sir Ric. Temple, Mr. Mann, Air.

Weld, Sir John Norton, Sir Wm. Howard, Mr. Osborne,

Air. Roberts, Sir Geo. Courtop, Mr. Manaton, Mr. Hunt,

Air. Spark, Sir Fr. Rolls, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Cheney,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Geo.Dozening, Sir

Air. Progers, Mr. Sackvi/e, Mr. GzeSir Clerke, Sir

Robert Cann, Sir Ric.Everard, Air Air. Bur lace,

Mr. Treby, Sir Fr.Drake, Mr. Rashly, Mr. Nosezcorthy,

Sir Arthur Harris, Sir Tho, Hatton, Colonel Air.

Foote, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Neale, Lord Air. Mallack, and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to take care, that Provision be made, that a Jury be summoned by the Justices of the Peace, to ascertain the Damages for the Land that is to be taken away: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Tw o of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards: And are impowered to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Exporting repeal the Law that makes it Felony to export Wool; Wool, and to provide more effectual Remedies to prevent the exporting it into foreign Parts.

A Bill for Burying in Woolen, was read the Second Burying in time. Woolen.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Knight, Sir Lett. Lake, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Kings mil I Lucy, Sir Ad. Browne, Mr. Buscawcn, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Gervas Elzves, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Sir Wm.Blacket, Mr. Brozene, Sir Edze. Masters, Colonel

Birch, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Papillon, Sir lien.

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Edw. Decri, Mr. Nor ley, Sir

Hen. Ford, Serjeant Gregory, Sir Ad. Browne, Air.

Vaughan, Mr. Wright, Sir Rob. Can, Mr. Powle, Sir Court. Poole, Mr. Price, Mr. Love, Mr. Jones, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Wyn, Sir John Holland, Sir John Moreton,

Sir John Barnaby, Sir George Speake, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Sir Met. Robinson, Sir John Trevor, Sir Corbet, Air.

Burlace, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Neale, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Matnard, Air.

Goreing, Sir John Hotham, Sir Eliah llarvy: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot Weights and the more effectual putting in Execution the Law for re- Measures, gulating Weights and Measures.

A Bill to supply a Defect in the Will of Richard Ste- Stevens* vens, was read the First time. Will.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be rejected.

The House being informed, that there is a Ship, called Importing the Prosperous, come into the Port of Portsmouth, laden £rcnch

6 H with Goods’

490

6° — 7° >»«.

A.i6ji.

Supply Bill; Disbanding the Forces.

Disposition of Grunts.

Dean of St I’aul’s,

with several French Commodities, and that there is likely to arise a Doubt upon the Law for prohibiting French Commodities, touching the Construction of the Word " imported," What shall be taken to be an Importation within the Meaning of the Act; and that there is no Reward provided by the said Act, for the Informer or Prosecutor; and that, by Reason thereof, the Offenders are likely to escape, without being prosecuted;

Ordered \That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the said Information; and report the same, with their Opinions, what is fit to be done therein, to the House; and to consider of the Defects in the said Law; and to provide Remedies to prevent the same; and present the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. V, Sir JVm. Sir Geo. Damning, Mr. Powlc, Mr. May, Sir Thompson, Sir Eliah Harcy, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Ro. Wright,

Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Rob. Howard, Sir Knight, Sir

John Trevor, Sir Hen.Ford, Mr. Spry, Colonel Birch,

Si John Covert, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Hickman, Sir Gilb.Gerrard, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Bernardiston,

Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Robert Holmes, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Lave, Sir Edw. Mr. Wright,

Sir Jo.Tredenham, Sir John Mallet, Sir Covert, Mr.

Linfeild, Sir Wins ton Churchill, Mr

Sir Court.Poole, Mr. Weld, Sir Sir

Carr, Sir John Hotham, Sir Ad. Sir Irby,

Mr. Papillon, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Cheney, Mr.

cawen, Mr. Rashley, Sir John Sir Mr.

Greenvile, Mr. Mallet, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Robert Carr: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for raising a Supply for paying and disbanding all the Forces, raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read. a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, That a Time may be appointed, that the Accounts of the Disbursements of the Two hundred thousand Pounds, taken up by his Majesty upon the Credit of the Act concerning the additional Excise, may be brought in;

And a Debate arising in the House, Whether the Accounts shall be brought in, or not;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate be adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris,7° die Junii, 1678.

j°» N van Daatselaar, and Sarah Ward, did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed BiH, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for encreasing the Revenue of the Dean of St. Paul's, and assuring the Estates of his Tenants in Shadwell in the County of Middlesex, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Knight, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Spry, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Sir Brampston, Sir

Gilbert Talbot, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Tho.

Colonel Titus, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Wright, Sir Nich. Pedley, Sir Rick. Corbett, Serjeant Rigby, Sir John Mallet, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Mr. Browne,

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Trevor, Mr. A Sir

Terringham, Sir Court. Poole, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Papillon, Sir John naby. Sir John Pcttus, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Mainard, Sir' Robert Howard, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Everard, Sir John Norton, Colonel Phillips, Sir John Covert, Sir Rob.

Baniham, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Eyres, Sir More-ton, Major Linfeild, Sir Rob. Conn, Sir ll’m. Howard,

Sir John Coryton: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Crouch reports from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Trustees to sell I^ands, for Payment of the Estate. Debts of Tanfeild Mulso Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had perused the Bill; and compared the Bill with the Settlement of Marriage; and found the same to be as in the Bill is set forth; and that all the Parties concerned therein, were consenting thereto; and that the Committee had agreed ujx>n several Amendments to be made, and a Schedule of the Debts to be annexed to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed upon.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed upon, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the draining Lyndscy Level, was read the Lyndsey First time. , L*vel*

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn Bill* sent and Sir Edxv. Low; born Lwd*.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills; the one intituled, An Act for Preservation of Fishing in the River of Seaverne; the other intituled, An Act, to supply an Omission in the Settlement of the Estate of Sir Trevor Williams Baronet, made upon the Marriage of his eldest Son, to make a Jointure to a Second Wife:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuell Clerke and Burying Sir Lacon William Childe; W oolen.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for Burying in Woolen: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir Tho. Clergis reports from the Committee, to whom St. Martin’i the Bill for erecting anew Parochial Church, in the Parish *n d>e Field* of St. Martin's in the Fields, was committed, several ^urck Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Motion being made, that the Bill be re-committed; for that there w as no Summons sent forth to the Parties concerned therein;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And that the Committee do sit the First time on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards; to hear such of the Inhabitants of St.Martin's, and the Owners and Occu-

piers of the Lands and Houses in the Bounds of the new-intended Parish, as shall then attend the said Committee: And, to that End,

Ordered, That Notice be affixed at the Church Door of the Parish of St.Martins, and'read in the Church on

Sunday next, That the Committee, to whom a Bill for erecting a new Parochial Church, in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, is committed, does sit in the Inner Court of Wards on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon: And that such of the Owners or Occupiers of Lands and Houses in the Bounds of the new-intended Parish, or any other of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, think themselves concerned, may then and there attend; and be heard to the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That he Message re-had a Message to deliver to this House from his Majesty: jj£*

And the same, being in Writing, was delivered to Mr. 1 *’

Speaker; and by him read to the House: And is as followeth;

t8 Charles

Se>

M

ibF

Wes

kci

U

feel

Gr i U

30 Car. II.

7" — 8° Junii.

491

\fj,

d

lev,:'

1

"te

:.fc

nas

Cta

Grantham

LletUou.

fe?>

jJOlIj1*

UlCA

Supply Bill; Disbanding the Forces.

Message to be considered.

Supply Bill; Disbanding the Forces.

II IS Majesty in His Speech to both Houses, on the Three-and-twentieth of May last, told you, That, if He were able, He would keep up His Army, and Navy at Sea, for some time', till a Peace were concluded, if That must be: But, because That would depend upon your Supplies, He left it to you to consider, whether to provide for their Subsistence, or to disband them sooner. His Majesty hath often since had His Thoughts employed upon the same Subject; and is every Day, more and more, confirmed in his first Opinion; That the saving a few Days Expence can no way countervail the Prejudice that would arise from the Parting with His Fleet and Army, if, after That, a Peace Should not follow. And though it Should, yet the hazarding so much, upon a bare Presumption of the Issue of a Thing in itself altogether uncertain, and quite out of His own Power, is hardly to be countenanced by any Precedent: His Majesty therefore again recommendeth, to the Consideration of this House, His Advice of the Three-and-twentieth of May last; That they would see the Effects of the Cessation in Flanders, before his Majesty be necessitated to disarm Himself; but more especially, That you would consider of . That Part of the Army which is in Flanders; which if He Should recall before the Peace, it would be liable to a very bad Construction, viz. That, having taken several of the King of Spain a Towns into his Protection, He had, without any reasonable Warning, in order to their Re-garisoning, withdrawn his Forces, and abandoned those Towns to the Discretion of the Enemy.

A Bill for raising Two hundred thousand Pounds, for paying and disbanding the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty's Message.

The Question being put, That the House do now' resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Two hundred thousand Pounds, for paying and disbanding the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

j- for the Yeas, 131.

| for the Noes, 151.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the House will, on Tuesday Morning next at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Twro hundred thousand Pounds, for paying and disbanding the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Election for Grantham, be heard on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Tpllprs fin John

leUers’]Mr. T

Tellers /Sir Jo

tellers,|Mr

Vol. IX.

Sabbati, 8* die Junii, 1678.

AN ingrosssed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, William*’

An Act to supply an Omission in the Settlement ^ULe* of the Estate of Sir Trevor Williams Baronet, made upon the Marriage of his eldest Son; and to enable his eldest Son to make a Jointure to a Second Wife; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to con- Silk and sider how to improve the Silk Manufactures; and the 'u^ctares* Woolen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Sir Deering,

Mr. Papillon, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Robert Wright, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Geo. Dooming, Mr. John Wright,

Sir John Knight, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Powle, Mr. Browne, Sir Ric. Corbett, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Love, Sir John Coryton, Sir John Trevor, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Bramston, Sir Fr.Russell, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Lee,

Sir Ad. Browne, Si* John Mallet, Mr. Spry, Mr.

caxven, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Jos.

Mr. Foote, Sir Court. Poole, Sir Fr Drake, Sir Tho. ges: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Seaveru*

Act for Preservation of the Fishing in the River of Sea- Fisluug* veme, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Burying ia Act for Burying in Woolen, was read the First time. WooUa. ~ Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that, in the Case of the Privilege-Breach of Privilege against Sir Wm. Terringham, Two of the Persons that were ordered to be summoned, were atund?eS come up to Town; and that the other Two refused to attend;

The Messenger who summoned them, being called in, informed the House, that he summoned them all: But that John Hat home, and Richard Anthony alias Bumsted, were only come up to Town: And that William Barber and Robert Bushby refused to attend.

Ordered, That the said William Barber and Robert Bushby be taken in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for their Breach of Privilege committed against Sir William Terringham, one of the Members of this House; and for their Contempt in refusing to attend this House upon the Summons.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privilege; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that the said Richard Anthony alias and John Hathorne, do attend the said Committee.

A Bill for exporting Leather, was read the Second time. Exporting Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Leather. Knight, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Brampston, Colonel Birch, Mr. Buscawm, Sir Robert Cann, Mr. Foote, Mr.

Whiteacre, Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Tho. Higgins, Colonel Titus, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr. Jo.Wright, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Clerges,

Sir Trevor Williams, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Tho. Stringer,

Sir John Cotton, Sir Nic. Pedley, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Love,

Lord OBrien, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sergeant Rigby, Sir Tho.

Mompesson, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir John HothaMr. Vaughan, Sir Court. Poole, Sir Robert Thomas, Sir Fr. Drake, Mr.

Browne, Sir George Reeves, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Ernie,

Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Mr. Cheney, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr.

Crouch, Mr. Hale, Sir Eliah Harvy, Mr. Powle, Sir Frederick, Sir Rob. Carr: And they are to meet on Wid-nesdaynext, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in

thq

Exporting

Leather.

Privilege — a Member convicted of being a Papist.

Bills sent from Lords.

Disposition of Grants.

Committees.

49 a 8* — 10

the Inner Court of Wards: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Shoemakers, and other Manufacturers of Leather, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the said Committee: And that die Petitioners do attend, and be heard by their Counsel at the said Committee, on Wednesday next, touching the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Officer of the Exchequer do attend on Monday next, with the Record of the Conviction of Sir Solomon Swale's being a Roman Catholick; and the Proceedings thereupon.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Three Bills; one intituled, An Act for reviving a former Act, intituled, An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays; and for Continuance of one other Act, intituled, An Act for the better settling Intestates Estates: Another, intituled, An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors and Administrators of Executors, in their own Wrong: The Third, An Act for the better Encouragement of Dealers in Butter and Cheese: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate touching the Two hundred thousand Pounds, charged upon the Credit of the Act for additional Excise.

The Question being put, Whether there remains any Obligation upon this House to repay his Majesty the Two hundred thousand Pounds, charged upon the Credit of the Act for additional Excise;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,!?"' Rlci: TemPk’

for the Yeas, 177.

1

J

for the Noes, 1

[Mr. Tufton,

rr , [Mr. liarhord.

Tellers,^,. Uashley,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That there remains an Obligation upon this House to repay Iris Majesty the Two hundred thousand Pounds, charged upon the Credit of the Act for additional Excise.

Resolved, Sec. That an Account be taken of the Disbursements of the said Two hundred thousand Pounds: And that a Committee be appointed to take the same.

And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Sir diston, Mr. Eyres, Sir Tho. DolSir Poole, Mr.

Papillon, Lord O Brien, Mr Mr. Pouie, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Chr. MMr. Spry, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. King, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir John Hunmer, Sir Tho.

cheslif, Sir John Talbot, Colonel Birch, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Edw. Decring, Mr. Love, Sir John Knight, Sir Geo.

Downing, Sir Tho. Meercs, Sir Lee, Sir Rich. Cor-

bett, Mr. Garrauay, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Sawyer, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Jos. TrcdcnhaSir John Mallet, Sir

John Trevor, Sir Rob. Carr, Sir Cha. Sir Hen.

Puckering, Mr. Pepis, Mr. Ro. Wright, Sir Edm. Je-nings: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees which were to sit this Afternoon, except the Committee to whom the Matter concerning the Fleet is referred, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

0 Jutiii. A, *678.

Lutue, 10° die Jnnii,lG/S.

P a A Y e r s.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An William*’ Act to supply an Omission in the Settlement of the Estate. Estate of Sir Trevor Williams Baronet, made upon the Marriage of his eldest Son; and to enable his eldest Son to make a Jointure to a Second Wife; was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec.That this Billbe committed to Sir Geo. Dozening, Mr. Gray, Sir Ford, Sir Ant It.

Irby, Sir Edm.Windham. Mr. PepMr.// eslfaling, Sir

Rob. Berkeley, Sir // m. Killegrac, Mr. Sir John

Mallet, Sir John Barnab/y, Mr. Mr. Node,

Mr. Browne, Sir II m.Thompson, Sir Mr.

Wyn, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir John Covert, Lord ing, Sir John Hobart, Sir Rob. Sir John Cotton,

Colonel Price, Sir Court Poole, Sir Everard, Mr.

Clarke, Sir Wm.Drake, Sir Elite. Harley, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Mallet, Mr. Price, Sir Lion.Walden, Major Mr. Spry, Colonel Robinson, Mr. Eyres, Serjeant Gregory,

Sir Fr. Clarke, Mr. Buscazcen, Mr. Mansell, Col. Birch,

Colonel Tho. Hozcard, Sir Her. Parrot, Sir Knight,

Sir Tho. Woodcock, and all that serve for Hereford and Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Tw o of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Clothiers was read. Hammngk

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the Company. Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Creditors of the Hamrough Company is committed.

Sir Edward Dcering reports from the Committee to Insolvent whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, was Debtors, committed, several Amendments and Provisoes, agreed by the Committee to be made; and added to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

A Proviso was presented, and read, That the Prisoners, who are Handicraftsmen, may have Liberty to exercise their Trades in Prison; and, upon the Question, rejected.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Bill for hindering Papists to sit in either House of Papists not Parliament, w as read the First time. J?81t in

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be read a Second time on *MUMnt‘ Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

The Officers of the Exchequer were called in; and de- Privilege — livered the Extract transmitted into the Exchequer, of the a Member Record of the Conviction of Sir Solomon Swale's being a 0

Popish Recusant; bearing Date the Tenth oiOctob. 2(J° yapist Caro/isecandi; with Sir Solomon Swales Plea; and the Proceedings thereupon.

A Letter from Sir Solomon Swale to Mr. Speaker was read to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Solomon Swale do, by Wednesday next come Sevennight, bring a Certificate of his Conformity to the Church of England;or in Default thereof, that Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Aldboroughin the County of in the

room of the said Sir Solomon Swale.

Sir. Tho. Meercs reports from the Committee of Pri- Grantham vileges and Elections, the State of the Case upon the Elec- Election, tien for the Borough of Grantham in the County of Lin-colne: And that the Committee, upon the Consideration thereof, had agreed upon Two Votes: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved,

Highway*.

Seavcraa

Fitting,

Scopptnt’, &c. Nat.

Exporting

Wool.

30 Car. II. 10* — ii° Jtutii.

493

Resolved, &c. That Sir Robert Markham is not duly elected to serve hi the present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Grantham in the County of

Resolved, &c. That Sir Wm. Ellis is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Grantham in the County of Lincolne.

The First of the said Votes being read a Second time;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in the said Vote;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Telleri, nliolti } for theNoM, 179-

| for the Yeas, 167.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That Sir Robert Markham is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for die Borough of Grantham in the County of Lincolne.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

/ "»- ' 1» — -- — - , ——

Martis, 11* die Junii, 1678.

Resolved, See. That the Bill he read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bati, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act Burying in for Burying in Woollen, was read the Second time. Woollen.

Resolved, dec. That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo.

Downing, Mr. Eyres, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Knight,

Sir Edm. Jenings, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. PapiUon, Mr.

Burlace, Mr. Gorcing, Mr. Browne, Sir

Sir Rol. Holmes, Mr. Ash, Sir John Sir Fr.

Holies, Mr. Hall, Mr. Windham, Sir Hen. Puckering,

Sir Ro. Berkeley, Sir Phil. Harecourt, Sir John Mallet,

Sir Hen.Ford, Sir John Talbot, Sir Tho. Sir

Rob. Carr, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Crouch, Sir Tho.

Charges, Sir John Trevor, Mr. May, Sir Fr. Russell, Mr.

Rashley, Mr. Whittacre, Sfri&w. Bemardiston, Sir Coryton, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Mr.

Spry, Mr. Powk, Mr. Love, Si tChr.Musgrace, Sir 7 Lee, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Clerke, Sir Court. Poole:

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resdhed, &c. That this Report from the Committee, to St Martin’s whom the new Bill for making a new Parochial Church "»the field, in the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, was re- Churc ’ committed, be received Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Prayers.

A BILL to repeal a Clause in the Act concerning Highways, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Lon. Lake, Sir John Mallet, Sir Treoor Williams, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edw. Masters, Sir Ro. Berkeley, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Tho. Allen, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Rich. Corbett, Sir John Moreton, Sir John Coryton, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Lord Ashley, Sir Fr. Russell, Mr. Swan-ton, Mr. Mallet, Colonel Titus, Mr. Sir John

Norton, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Progers, Mr. Price, Mr. Harrison, Sir Phil. Harecourt, Mr. Clerke, Sir John Brampston, Sir John Bamaby, Mr. Pepys, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir John Covert, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir Gilbert Talbot: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Preservation of Fishing in the River of Seaveme, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Russell, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Wyn, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Mallet, Lord O Brien, Col. Sandys, Mr. Harrison, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Ro. Berkley, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Terringham, Lord Ashley, Sir

let, Mr. Lewis, Sir Tho. Proby, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Rich. Hmo, Sir Giles Hungerford, Mr. Wharton, Sir Hen. Capell,

Seij. Street, Colonel Birch, Sir Ch. Wheeler, and all that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Salop:

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John. Scoppens, and others, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Papillon, Alderman Bence, Sir Geo. , Mr. Wright,

Sir John Holland, Sir Edw. Masters+Sir Giles Hungerjord, Sir John Relies, Mir. Browne, Sir Blacket, Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr Crouch, Sir John Trevor, Sir

Mr. Spry, Mr. Ash, Mr. Eyres, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Briggs, Sir John Bamaby, Sir Fr. Russell, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Hen.Ford, Mr. May, Mr. Progers, Sir

Ric. Everard, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Edw. Master*,

Mr. Oakley, Sir John Coryton, Sir Edw. Deering: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Cloek, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A BHLte prevent, Esportatfon of Wool, wan read the Fust time,

Vol. IX.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of his Message Majesty’s Message: Which was read to the House. je8£*Cj"8

The Question being propounded, That the Time be inlarged for disbanding the Forces that have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last;

The Question being put, That the Words " not exceeding the Twenty-seventh of J" be made Part of the Question;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers <fSir CoUrt Pook' 1 for the Yeas 167

tellers,|Sir Winst.Churchill, / for " Yea8’ 10/’

Tellers JSir *&7W- Bemardiston,\, th N l6.

t ellers ’\Sir Wm. Thompson,/ torm«iNoes, 104.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Words, "and are now beyond the Sea," be made Part of the Question.

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

} for the Yeas, 17a.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Time be inlarged for disbanding the Forces that have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last; and are now beyond the Sea;, not exceeding the Twenty-seventh of July.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill Disbanding for raising Two hundred thousand Pounds, for Paying the and Disbanding the Forces that have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took die Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the said Bill: And humbly moved from the said Committee, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning. at Ten of the Cloaks resolve infra Committee of Use whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising Two hundred thousand Pounds, for Paying and Disbanding the Forces that have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last.

Ordered, That all Committees which Were to sit* this Committw*.

61 Afternoon,

494 ii® — 12* — 1 3* — 140 Junii. A. 1678.

Afternoon, except the Committee to whom the Matter Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sir

concerning the Fleet is committed, be adjourned. Williams, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Jo. Wright, Mr.

Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Mr. Bilson, Sir Rob. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Markham, Sir Norton, Sir John Show, be added to Morning, Eight of the Clock. the Committee to whom the Bill for exporting Leather,

is committed.

Mercurii, 12* die Junii, 1678.

Prayers.

Forth’s OIR John Knight reports from the Committee to Mortgage, ij whom the Bill for making good a Mortgage made by Alderman John Forth, deceased, and for making Provision for his Son, was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Papists not A Bill for hindering Papists to sit in either House of

to sit m Parliament, was read the Second time.

ramamsnt. Resolved,&c. That the Bill be committed to Sir

Clerges, Sir John Treoor, Sir Hen. Ford, Colonel Birch, Mr. Powle, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir IVm. Lowther, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Geo. Reeves, Sir Wm.

Hickman, Lord Ancram, Mr. IVhorwood, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Corbet, SvcEdw. Deer-ing, Mr. Burlace, Mr. Mallet, Sir Rob. Markham, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Harbord, Sir Ch. Wheeler, Sir Hotham, Sir John Mallet, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir

ham, Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Mr. Sachaverell, Serjeant Rig Lord Sir 7ft 0.

Meeres, Lord Cavendish, Sir (Gilbert Talbot, Sir Eliah Harvy, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Ph. Monckton: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply Bill; The House then resolved into a Committee of the Disbanding whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Force*. jjH for raising Two hundred thousand Pounds for Paying and Disbanding the Forces that have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and perfected the same.

Ordered, That the Report of the said Bill be received Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Disposition Ordered, That the Committee appointed to take the of Grants. Accounts of the Disbursements of the Two hundred thousand Pounds, charged upon the Credit of the Act for the additional Excise, do sit Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit on Friday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Joins, 13* die , 1678.

Prayers.

Burglaries, A BILL to prevent Burglaries and Robbing of

*c- il Houses in London, and the Out-parishes within

the Weekly Bills of Mortality, was read the First time.

: Resolved, See. That the Bill be read, a Second time.

Exporting Ordered, That Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir Rob. Bamham, Leather. Head, Mr. PapUlon, Sir Fr. Rolles, Mr.

Sir Geo.Downing reports from the Committee, to Williams’

whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Jointurt-supply an Omission in the Settlement of the Estate of Sir Trevor Williams Baronet, made upon the Marriage of his, eldest Son; and to enable his eldest Son to make a Jointure to a Second Wife, was committed; That the Committee had perused and considered the Bill; and that all Parties were consenting the reto: And that the Committee had returned the Bill without any Amendments.

Mr. Treby reports from the Committee to whom the Vale Bill for making the River Vale, in the County of Com- Navigation. wall, navigable, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and with an Amendment, made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Andrew Hacket, Bills sent and Sir Samuel Clerk; from Lords.

' Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Four Bills; One, intituled, An Acton Behalf of for the Executing certain Trusts devolved upon Infants:

The Second, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to pay the Debts of Sir John Weld, deceased: The Third, intituled, An Act for vesting the Rectory of Westerham in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Edward Gresham Esquire, deceased:

The Fourth, intituled, An Act for uniting and consolidating the Churches of Beaumont and Mose in the County of Essex: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir John Treoor reports from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for raising Two hundred Datawfog thousand Pounds for Paying and Disbanding of the "* Force*. Forces that have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last, was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 14° die Jun, 1678.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, Butter and An Act for better Encouragement of the Dealers ChemTrait-in Butter and Cheese, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Forttscue’s Act on the Behalf of John Fortescue, for the Executing Treat*, certain Trusts devolved upon Infants, was read the First time.

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, was read Exporting . the Second time. Ww>l-

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Trevor;

William, Sir John Knight, Sir John Coryton, Mr.

Weld,

30 Car. II.

f*

NV.J;

14* — 15° Junti.

495

lVtld, Sir Court. Poole, Sir JVm. Sir

7r6y, Mr. Pleydell, Col. Birch, Sir John Bodes, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Gold, Sir John Austen, Sir Tko. Doleman, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Browne, Sir Bob. Can, Sir Bo. Berkley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Howard, Mr.

Poole, Sir Bobert Barnham, Sir Mr. Mallet,

Mr. Walker, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Papillon, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Poston, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Mr Sir Edm. Windham, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Jo. Wright, Sir Edw. Masters, Col. Phillips, Mr. Spry, Mr. faling, Sir Geo. Dozening, Sir John Norton, Sir Winst.

Churchill, Mr. Prideaux, Lord Castleton, Sir Wm. Ho-

ward, Mr. Powle, Mr. Pepys, Sir John Hotham, Sir Hugh Bethell, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bo. Wright, Sir Geroas Elwes, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Sit Fr. Drake, Sir John Holland, Sir Nich. Slatting, Mr. Neale, Sir John Bamaby, Sir Rich. Everard, Alajor Linfeild, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Love,

Mr. Briggs, Sir John Bramston, Sir Kemp, Sir John

Pettus, Lord O Brien, Sir Eliah Harvy, Sir Wheeler, Mr. Pleydell: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in die Afternoon, in the Court of Wards: And they are to take care to make That Part of the Bill effectual which relates to the Transportation of Wool from Ireland: And they are to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Clause, touching Commissioners for the City and County of the City of Lincolne, and the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was thrice read; and, ' with' an Amendment made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed to be added to the Bill.

A Clause touching such Soldiers as were Apprentices, was thrice read; and, with an Amendment made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed to be added to the Bill.

Besolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for enabling him to pay and disband the Forces which have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last: And that Sir John Trevor do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 15* die Junii, 1678.

Praters.

OBDEBED, That the Report touching the Elec- Westbury tien for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Election. Wilts, be received on Tuesday Morning next.

v*

U

ibtfa

fear*

I*

Linen Manu- Ordered, That Sir Wm. Coventry and Col. Birch do fecture. bring in a Bill for Improvement of the Linen Manufacture.

St. Martin’s Sir Tho. Clerges reports from the Committee, to whom in the Field* the Bill for making a new Parochial Church in the Parish Church. of fa Martins in the Fields, was re-committed, That all the Parties concerned did attend the said Committee; and were consenting thereto.

And the Bill and Amendments, being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and the Amendments beingtwice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Besolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

MuW* A Bill to enable Trustees to sell Lands, for Payment

Estate. of the Debts of Tanfdld Mulso Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Besolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands, late of Tanfeild Mulso Esquire, deceased; and for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children: And that Mr. Clerke do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Williams’ An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act to supply an Omission in the Settlement of Sir Trevor Williams Baronet, made upon the Marriage of his eldest Son; and to enable his eldest Son to make a Jointure to a Second Wife; was read the Third time.

Besolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed: And that Mr. Clerk do acquaint the Lords, That this House has agreed to the Bill, without Amendment

Gresham’s An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An

Debts. Act for vesting the Rectory of Westerhamm the County of Kent in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of Edward Gresham Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Besolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Weld’s An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An

Estate. Act to enable Trustees to pay the Debts of Sir John W°.ld,

deceased, was read the First time.

.* Besolved, &c. That the Bill be rejected.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for raising Two hundred thousand Disbanding pounds, to pay and disband the Forces raised since the the Forces. Twenty-ninth of September last, was read the Third time.

And some Amendments made at the Table.

Vol. IX.

Serjeant Street reports from the Committee, to whom Seavern* the Bill for Preservation of Fishing in the River of Sea- Flsbing. veme, was committed, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and returned the same without any Amendment.

Sir George Dawning reports from the Committee, to Keels, Ac. whom the Bill for admeasuring Keels and Boats carrying carrying Coals, was committed, several Amendments agreed by ^oal*-the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same being twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed.

Besolved, Sec. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir John Trevor to Outlawries, bring in a Bill concerning reversing Outlawries in the King’s Bench.

A Bill to prevent Abuses, in taking Affidavits in the Taking Affi-Country, was read the Second time. davits.

Besolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Browne, Sir Jo. Trelawney, Sir Bich. Mr.

Buscawen, Sir Edw. Masters, Mr. Foote, Mr. Goreing,

Mr. Wright, Sir John Pettus, Sir Covert, Sir Anth.

Irby, Mr. Greenvile, Mr. James, Lord O Brien, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Knight, Mr. Tanner, Col. Birch, Sir Allen Broderick, Sir Rob. Barnham, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir John Mallet, Sir John Heath, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir John Moreton: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Seavern* Act for Preservation of Fishing in the River Seaveme, Fi®bing. wras read the Third time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass’: And that the Title be agreed.

Sir John Knight reports from the Committee, to whom Exporting the Bill for exporting Leather, was committed, That the Leatll*r-Committee had heard the Parties concerned therein; and made some Amendments to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

A Petition of Robert Bushby and William Barbett, Privflege. now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Sir

15°^-17° Junii.

A. *£78.

Supply.

Thomas Mecres reports from the Committee of Privies and Elections, to jyhoua the Matter concerning the preach of Privilege committed upon Sir William Ter*

r'mghfiOh one of the Me®bers of this House .....;

That the Committee had taken the same Into their Consideration; and agreed upon Two Votes: Which he i^eqd in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth:

Rcsfrived, &c. That Richard Brumsied and Robert Ba&hby are guilty of the Breach of Privilege, committed upon Sir William Terringham.

Revived, $c. That John and William Barr

her are not guilty of a Breach of Privilege, committed upon Sir William Terringham.

The First of the said Votes being read a Second time; The Question being put, To agree with the Committee; It passed in the Negative.

The Second Vote being read a Second time;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee; It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That William Barber and Robert be discharged of their Commitment to the Serjeant «£ Arms.

The Question being propounded, That, after Tuesday

next, no new Motion be made for a new Supply to be

given to his Majesty before a Recess;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TVllpr_ /Mr. Leveson Gower,

J eliers,^Mr>

| for the Noes, 154. j- for foe Yeas, 160.

TpIIm-s /Mr< Burlace,

’ /Mr. Whittacre,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That, after Tuesday next, no new Motion be made for a new Supply to be given to his Majesty before a Recess;

The House divide.

The Yetis go forth.

for the Yeas, 163. j- for the Noes, 154.

Stannary

Laws.

Private

Business.

rp , /Sir James Rushout,

tellers, \ Sir Nich.Pelham,

rv , fSir Hen. Ford,

Tdlers’ jlVlr. H’, U,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, See. That, after Tuesday next, no new Motion be made for a new Supply to be given to his Majesty before a Recess.

Resolved, See. That this House will, on Tuesday next, take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty’s Speech, which relates to a further Supply.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill touching the Stannary Laws.

Resolved, See. That no new private Business be received.

A Bill to prevent Burglaries, and robbing Hmpse?, in Burglary London, and the Weekly Bills-of Mortality, was read the &c-Second time.

JUpokped, $0. That the Bill be committed to Alderman Loye, Sir Hen. Ford, $p Trewr Williams, Sir Irby,

Mr. Greenvile, Col. Kirkby, Col. Birch, Alderman Bence,

Sir j Phil.Warwick, Sir Sam.Bemardifton, Sir -

ing, Sfr Anth. Irby, Sir Geo. Dooming, Sir John Cory ton,

Mr. Papillon, Sir Court. Poole, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr,

Treby, Sir Wm. Lawther, Sir Gilbert Sir Tho.

Stringer, Mr. Crouch, Sir Edw. Sir John

Knight, Sir Giles Hungerford, Mr. Goreing, Sir John Ppttus, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Rob. Markham, Mr. Tre-

bmney, Mr. Stayxll, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Berkenhead,

Sir Rich. Temple, Sir John Mallet, Sir Ro. Berkley, Mr.

Mallet, Mr. Wright, Mr. Foote, Sir Blacket, Mr.

Darcy, Mr. Prideiuv, Mr. Sparks, Sir Ric. Corbet: And they are to meet Tomorrow at TVo of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards.

A Petition of several Artificers apd Handicraftsmen, Djtt0-living in and about the City of London, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee last appointed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Gresham’i Act for vesting the Rectory of Westerham 'xxi the County of Kent in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts of Edward Gresham Esquire, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Lord Gorge, Sir Court. Poole, Sir John Bramston, Sir John

Elwes, Sir Wm. Hickman, Col. Phillips, Col. Howard,

Mr. Price, Sir Cyril Wyche, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Wm.

Howard, Mr. Weld, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Mainard, Mr.

Packer, Sir Hen. Ford, Sit Ric. Wiseman, Mr. , Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Dalmahoy, Mr. Wright, Sir John Coryton,

Sir Nich. Slaning, Mr. Man, Sir Ad. Browne, Sir Fr.

Clarke, Sir Robert Can, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Neale,

Sir John Barnaby, Sir John Reresby, Mr. Noseworthy,

Mr. Boreman, Mr. Goreing, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Spry,

Mr. May, Sir Gilbert Talbot, SiF Jon. Trelawney, Sir Ch. Wheeler, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Osborne, Mr. cawen, Sir Rog. Bradshaw, Sir Wm. Blackct, Mr. Crouch,

Sir Edw. Depring: And they are to> meet Tomorrow at

Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Mallett reports from the Committee, to whom Dean a

Reports tob« Resolved, &c. That the Report concerning the Navy; made. and of the Account of the Disbursements of the Two hundred thousand Pounds, charged upon the Credit of the Act for the additional Excise, be received on Monday Morning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, which were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

hunce, 17* die 3,678.

Prayers.

Stannary A BILL concerning the Stannaries in Cornwall and Lavra. XX- Devon, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second, time, after Ten of the Clock.

the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for in* creasing the Revenue of the Dean of St. Pauls, and for assuring the Estates of his Tenants in Shadwell in the County of Middlesex, with an Amendment agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in hie Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where ti*e same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

And the Bill, with die Amendment, being read a Third time

Resolved, &c. That the Bill so amended, do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

St. Paul'* Estates.

A BUI to export Leather was read the Third time. The Question being put,. That the BUI do pass; The House divided.

Exporting

Leather.

The Yeas go forth.

{££ JS$L,

fSir Hat. Ford,

nr

J for the Yeas, 141. j» for the Noes, 72.

Tellers,|Ml,

And so it was resolved R> the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the BiJL do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue an Act for giving Liberty. to buy, and export Leather, and Skins tanned- or dressed: And that Syr Henry, Ford da cony iip the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.: And also the Bilk with the Amendment, on the Behalf of the Dean of

24 A- Message

Googh

Me.

A

ft

G^,

5:23

ithr.

id#

50 Cas.. II-

170 ytf/ra.

Cave’* WilL

A Message froih the Lords, by Sir Timothy Ba

and Sir Bdxv. haw;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords -have sent 'you' down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better'Enabling the Trustees of Sir Tho. Cave 'Knight and Baronet, deceased, for the Selling of Lands for theiPerformance of the Will of the his Majesty’s Yards, for the Fitting of said Sir Thomas Cave; and likewise for the vesting and the said Ships, from the fourteenth of settling other Lands: To -which they desire the Con- 'FebrudYy to the Twenty-ninth of May,

For Stores'for present Use, end for Magazines for befitting and furnishing the -said Ships, >in' case they had been in Service,

For Wages to Workmen employed in

Navy and

Army Estimates.

currence of this House.

Mr. Paule reports from the Committee *to whom the Consideration of lessening the present Charge of the Fleet was referred; and to whom the Master of the Ordnance w as to bring in his Estimates; That the Committee had taken the Matter, to them referred, into their Consideration; and agreed upon a ’Report; which they had ordered him to make to the House; as followeth:

Upon the Fourteenth of February last, this House did resolve upon the several Rates of the Ships, and'Numbers of Men that w ere to be employed upon them, in the Service of a War against the French King.

The State of the Navy at that time was this:

There was abroad then, in the King’s Service.

497

£. s. d.

- - - 86,8kt 5 2

18,116

35 Ships,

2 Ketches, I Of these 6 Sloops, > were Fireships, j employed 16 Yachts, )

63 In all.

9 Ships,

1 Ketch,

2 Fireships, 16 Yachts, 23 Ships,

6 Sloops,

2 Fireships, 1 Ship,

1 Ketch,

1 Ship,

In the

Dawns, Channel, and River.

sIn the

Streights.

In the Bar-

b a docs.

In Ireland,

For the Repairing of Nine of the s&id Ships in several Merchants Docks since the First bf March last, - - - - 10,308 16 8

Freighttiue to several Merchant Ships, hired for Six Months; but, being to be discharged presently, it is estimated, that they Will F>e'satisfied with Three Months

Pay; which comes to.....6,6g2 6 —

For buying of Seven Merchants Ships for Fireships, and One for a Store-ship, 7,673 11 — For the Freight of Thirty smatl Vessels, employed for Tenders upon the said Fleet, dt Five Shillings a Ton per

Mensem, - -- -- - -- 1,508-----

For Transportation of Horse and Foot To Qstend, Guernsey, aind Jersey; as also

of Men and Ammunition to Jamaica; - 4,000-----

For Victuals, for 1, loo Men for Three Months, seift to Guernsey and Jersey, - 1,474 10 —

For the Charges of impressing Seamen, for Manning Of the Fleet,

Ordnance.

7,000-----

213,395 4 2

Ship, at Ha

In all, 63

The Number of Men upon all those Ships and Vessels,

6,334-

Upon the Thirtieth of May, when this House resolved -the presentCbarge of the Navy Should be lessened, there were actually set out.

77 of the King’s Ships.

12 Merchant Ships.

2 Ketches.

13 Fire Ships.

6 Sloops.

16 Yachts.

29 Tenders. ‘

In all, 89 Ships of Wax, 13 Fire Ships, and 53 small Vessels.

The Number of Men, upon all those Ships and Vessels, 15,609.

The Committee thought it reasonable, That all those

For the Charge of Ship Carriages, working and makingGunpowder, Shdt, Match, Arms, and Forty Rounds of all Gunners Stores, for Fifty-four Ships, their Tenders, with all incident "Charges,

For Saltpetre for the Making of 11,000 Barrels of Gunpowder, for furnishing the said Ships -

In all,

£. s. d.

I)63,683 "

"l

>86,683 —

23,000 —

- - - £. $00,07$ 4 2

Received by the Treasurer of the-)

Navy, upon the Poll Bill, - - - j

Received in Orders upon the Poll Bill, 40,000--

Received by the Master of the Ord- nance, upon the Poll Bill, - - J

Received more by him in Orders, - 10,000 —

80,000 —

20,000-----

150,000 —

Ships, that were abroad in his Majesty’s Service upon Rests due to the Navy and Ordnance, 150,078 the Fourteenth of February, and have so continued till Should remain upon the King’3 Charge; and

4 2

this time,

the rest Should be defrayed by this House.

So, the King’s part being taken out of the whole N umber, there remained to be discharged on the publick Account, 42 King’s Ships, 12 Merchant Ships, 9 Fire Ships, and 29 Tenders.

Men aboard those Ships, 9,275. £. s. d.

The Wages of these 9,275 Men, from the time of their Taking-in, to the Fifth of June, according to the Account given in by the Officers of the Navy, - - - 33,860 18 7 The Victual of 9,275 Men, for Ten Weeks, after the Rate of Twenty Shillings a Man, per Mensem, ----- 23,187 10 —

For me Loss sustained by returning 72,813/. worth of Victuals, after the Rate of Three Shillings and Six-pence deducted Out of every Twenty Shillings, according to his Majesty’s Contract made the Eleventh of March: When he declared for the Victuals of 16,000 Men, for Six Months, after the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Mensem a Head, ----- 12,742 5 6

Vo 1. IX.

That there is now remaining in Stores actually served in 39,000l. and 21,000l. contracted for, comprehended in the particular Sums presented in the Report; over and above what Stores are on Board the King’s Part of the Ninety Ships; which are all fitted out, and Stores on Board for Six Months; and over and above what is provided for the Thirty Ships now in Building.

Arms and Artillery. £. s. d.

The Charge of the Ordnance, Carriages and Provisions of War, and other incident Charges belonging the reunto, provided and contracted for by the Office of the Ordnance, since the Fourteenth of February last, for the Service of the new-raised Forces, - -Fortifications.

Towards building a Fort at Christophers, ——

For Fortifications at Gosport, - - For Fortifications in the Isle of Wight,

For repairing a Fort at Burlington, -

In all, 96,361 311

81,701 3 11

500 — U356 — 500 — i*o —

6 K

Mr. Pawle

498

17® Junii.

A. 1678.

Disposition of Grants.

1671

t> March 7th. Treasurer of the Ordnance, Debtor,

Mr. Powle reports from the Committee to whom it was referred to take an Account of the Disbursements

of the 200,000l. That the Committee had taken the To Monies then received out of hisr\ same into Consideration; and ordered him to make the Majesty’s Exchequer, by virtue of his Report following: Majesty’s Letters of Privy Seal, dated

1677 and 1678. the Sixth of 1674., in Part of

the^d rie<1 j°F tl'f E*?e<J,aer’. of

Na^d "°"JElC'Se’ "e Sen"" of *" MaJ‘StJS Treasurer of England, dated Three-and-

VIZ.

1677-

June28 July 2 6

Aug. 25 Octob. 11

»7

26

Jan. 29 March 9 12 1678. June 5 7

10

s. d.

10.000

20.000

20.000

10.000

10.000

10.000

10.000

10.000

5.000

11.000

10.000

5.000

9.000

10,000-----

s.

twentieth of January, 1677, and advanced by Richard Kent and Charles Dun-comb Esquires, as Part of the 200,000l. borrowed by his Majesty upon the Credit of an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for an additional Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, --1678, June 12th.

To ditto received more out of his '

Majesty’s Exchequer, in full of the said 40,000l. Part of the 200,000l. borrowed as aforesaid -

Creditor by Balance, - -

£ 44,551 n 4

> 30,000 —

4,55i 11 4

150,000-----

Beside 10000, ordered but not yet received, 10,000--

In all, - - - 160,000-----

Per Contra, Creditor.

By Monies paid, and to be paid, as followeth; viz.

£. s. d.

The Total Sum of the Receipts of the"|

Navy, from the First oi Janua 167-f, to [.569,293

the last of December, 1677, amounts toj -

8 6

90,000l. whereof was received out of the Seventeen Months Tax for building Ships.

And 90,000l. more was borrowed by Loan, on the Fifth-part of the additional Excise.

The Issues of the Navy during that time, were as followeth: £.

Bills paid, the Imprest abated, - -373,140

Ships and Yards, ----- - 151,267 Tickets, - - - -- - 21,700

Treasurer’s Salary and Exchequer Fees, 7,534

-----£ 553,641 16 2

For the Fortifications at Godsport, near Portsmouth, -

For the Working of 6,579 Barrels of Gunpowder, -

For sundry Stores and Provisions *\ of War; and for carrying on divers I Works and Fortifications at Sheer- > 37,630 ness, Portsmouth, Tillbury, Holy I Island, See. ----- -J

- - ~£.

1,000 ----- paid

5,921 2 —

to be paid.

Total,

44,551 11 4

s.

11

d. 11

4 3

15,651 12 4

They say, That this Money for Fortifications was laid out in the Year 1676.

They say, The Ordinary Charge of the Ordnance in Times of Peace, including both Land and Sea Service, is estimated to amount to about 72,000 /. per Annum.

There was received by the Office of the Ordnance from the Exchequer, from the First of January 167-f, to the last of December 1677, the Sum of 74,200l.

That there was expended in the said time, for Land and Sea Service, the Sum of 67,880/. 11 1 Farthing.

That at the Beginning of the last Year his Majesty’s Stores were very ill furnished, there being not 4,000 Barrels of Powder at that Time in all the Magazines in England.

That they could not give a more particular Account, Use of the Navy, which hath been still paid off as the without searching into their Books and Accounts; which Money borrowed upon the Credit of the additional would take up a great deal of Time: Which the Corn-Excise came in: But a certain Estimate of that Debt mittee thought not fit to allow.

they could not make, without more Time. The Question being put, That it does appear to

Neither could they give us a certain Estimate of the the House, that 160,000l. has been borrowed upon the Debt which was due by the Navy, at the Beginning of Credit of the Excise, and expended for the Extraordinary the said Time. Use of the Navy;

They say the Navy was veiy much out of Repair at The House divide.

In all,

Remains in Cash, to balance the Ac-1 count, ----- /

Out of this Sum there is to be deducted 90,000 /. for the Expence of building the new. Ships within that Time.

So the Total of the Money expended^ - -

on theNavyintheYeari677,amountstoJ 4 4

Besides which there is a Debt contracted within the said Time, for Wages earned, and Stores served in for the

The Noes go forth.

Tellers, Pgpf"S’ } for the Yeas,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative Resolved, See. That it does appear to this House, that

139-

13«-

the Beginning of the said Time; and had been so ever since the End of the last Dutch War; and that this Money had been laid out upon repairing the Hulls and Tackle of the King’s Ships, so as was fitting for them to lie in Harbour, when they were not intended to be set out to Sea.

That the ordinary Charge of the Navy, in times of Peace; viz. for Paying of the Navy Board, the Docks 160,000l.has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Excise, and Yards; and for the Summer and Winter Guard; and expended for the extraordinary Use of the Navy, was estimated to amount to about 360,000l. per Annum, The Question being put, That it does appear to besides the Ordnance. the House, that there has been 40,000l. borrowed upon

That this was the best Account could be given by the Credit of the additional Excise, and expended for the them at present, without examining their Books and extraordinary Use of the Ordnance;

Accounts; which would require much Time: Which The House divide, the Committee did not think fit to allow-

The Noes go forth-

Tellers,

Committees.

Caves Will.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

Ditto.

Vale Navi- , gation.

Removal of Suits.

Burying i Woollen.

30 Car. II.

17* — 18* Junu.

499

S'Sa } for the Noes, 142.

} for the Yeas, 149.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That it does appear to this House* That there has been Forty thousand Pounds borrowed, upon the Credit of the additional Excise; and expended for the extraordinary Use of the Ordnance.

Ordered, That all Committees, that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

for burying in Woollen, was committed, several Amendments, agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill:

Which he‘read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message from the King, by Sir Edward Carteret,

Usher of the Black Rod; King.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him immediately, in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And the Hoijse being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty was pleased to The King’s make Use of his Paper: And that he might not either sPee^' re‘ misreport or misrepeat Him, he had obtained a Copy of it: por u Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Martis, 18* die Junii, 1678.

PHAYEItS.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Enabling the Trustees of Sir Thomas Cave, Knight and Baronet, deceased, for the Selling of Lands for the Performance of the Will of the said Sir Thomas Cave; and likewise for the Vesting and Settling other Lands; was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for better Encouragement of the Dealers in Butter and Cheese, vvas read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Wright, Mr. Crouch, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Spry, Sir Edw.Deering, Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir Rob. Southwell, Mr. Love, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Rich. Everard, Mr. Cheaney, Sir Court.Poole, Sir head. Sir Era. Clerlce, Captain Jones, Colonel Birch, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr. Mr. Elliot, Sir Jo.Moreton, Mr. Mallet, Sir Bramston, Mr. Packer, Colonel Philipps, Sir Jennings, Mr. Onslcwe, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Guy, Mr. May, Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr. Grenvile, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Thompson, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Papillon, Sir Cory ton, Sir Jo.Covert, Sir Jo. Holland, Mr. Mainard, Captain Price, Sir Cirell Wyche, Sir Blackett, Mr. Westfaleing, Sir Jo.Nicholas, and all that serve for the

Counties of Cheshire, Lancaster, Suffolk, Somersett, and Glocester: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Cheesemongers of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the County of Middlesex, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Bill for making navigable the River Fale, alias Vale, was read the Third time; and passed.

A Bill to prevent the Removal of Suits from inferior Courts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Colonel Birch, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Ant. Irby, Sir Knight, Sir Sam.Barnardiston, Mr. Buscowen, Sir John Holland,

Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir Jo.Otway, Mr. Foot, Sir Rich. Head, Sir Jo.Trevor, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Geo.

Downing, Mr. Spry, Mr. Wyn, Mr. Love, Sir Lowther. Sir Jeof. Shakerly, Lord Ancrarn, Mr. Treby, Sir Edw. Deering, Lord Cavendish, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Edm. Jennings, Sir Tho. Littleton: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

i Sir George Downing reports from the Committee to whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vol. IX.

Aly lords and Gentlemen,

I Know very well, that the Season of the Year requires this Session Should be Short; and that, both for Aly Health, and your Occasions, we may all have Liberty to go into the Country, by the Middle of the next Alonth, at furthest. I think it a Matter of yet more Importance, that we part, not only fairly, but kindly too, and in perfect Confidence one of another; since nothing else can render us either safe and easy at home, or considered so far abroad as this Crown has ever been, and is now more necessary than ever, both for the Safety of Christendom, and our own: Therefore I shall at this Time open My Heart freely to you, in some Points that nearest concern both you and Me; and hope you will consider them so; because I am sure our Interests ought not to be divided; and for Ale, they never shall.

I told you at the Opening of this Session, how violently Things abroad were driving on towards a Peace; and that I could not tell where they would end; but that I was resolved to save Flanders, either by a War, or Peace; in which I am still fixed, as in the greatest foreign Interest of this Nation. I must now tell you, That Things seem already to have determined in a Peace, at least as to Spaine and Holland, who have so far accepted the Terms offered by France, that Aly Ambassador at Nimeguen writes Me Word, he expected to be called upon, to sign by the last of this Month. My Part in it will be, not only of a Mediator, but to give my Guarantee to it; which the Confederates will call upon Me for, and I am resolved to give in the strongest Manner they themselves will desire, and I am able. How far this will go, I cannot tell; but they send Me Word already, That unless England and Holland will both join in the Charge of maintaining Flanders, even after the Peace, the Spaniards will not be in a Condition of supporting it alone, and must fall into other Aleasures: On the other Side, they think France will be left so great, that nothing abroad can treat with them hereafter upon an equal Foot, without the Hopes of being supported by this Crown: And to this End I am sure it will be necessary, not only to keep our Navies constantly strong at Sea, but to leave the World in some Assurance of our being well united at home; and thereby in as great an Opinion of our Conduct hereafter, as they are already of our Force.

Upon this Occasion I cannot but say, lhat though after our joint Resolutions of a War, and the Supplies you have given towards it, you may think the Peace an ill Bargain, because it will cost you Money; yet perhaps you will not believe it so, if you consider, that by it so great a Part of Flanders is like to be saved; whereas without the Paces We made towards War, there is nothing so certain as that the Whole of it would have been absolutely lost this Campaign, if not by this very Time: And I believe you would give much greater Sums than this will cost you, rather than the single Town of Ostend Should be in the French Hands, and Forty of their Alen of War in'so good a Haven, over against the River’s Mouth: Besides, both you and I, (as we are true Englishmen) cannot but be pleased, and understand the Importance of that Reputation we have gained abroad, by having in Forty Days raised

an

Thanks for

Speech.

Supply.

18° Ju

A. 1578.

an Army of near Thirty thousand Men, and prepared . Navy and Ninety Ships; which would have been now ready at Sea, if we had gone into a War.

Now, my Lords and Gentlemen, I know, that in>so great Conjunctures you desire I Should keep the Honour of my Crowns, and look to your Safety by some Balance in the Affairs abroad; and I Should be very glad I were able to do it: But I do not see how it will be possible for Me, even in a Time of Peace, with a Revenue so impaired as Mine is, by My Debts long since contracted, and the present Anticipations; and, at the best, sodisproportioned, not only to that of the Kings My Neighbours, but even to that of the United Provinces themselves, though of no larger Extent than Two or Three of our Counties; Therefore, as I said I would open my Heart freely to you, so I must tell you, That if you would see Me able in any kind to influence the great Conjunctures abroad, wherein the Honour and Safety of the Nation are so much concerned, and wherein the Turns are sometimes so Short as hot to give me Leave to call in time, either for your Advice or Assistances; if you would have Me able but to pursue such a War as this of Algiers, with Honour; and at the same Time keep such Fleets about our own Coasts, as may give our Neighbours the Respect for us that has been always paid this Crown; if you would have Me pass any Part of My Life in Ease or Quiet, and all the rest of it in perfect Confidence and Kindness with you and all succeeding Parliaments, you must find a Way of settling for my Life, not only My Revenue, and the additional Duties, as they were at Christmas last; but of adding to them, upon some new Funds, Three hundred thousand Pounds a Year: Upon which I shall consent, that an Act may pass, for appropriating Five hundred thousand Pounds a Year to the constant Maintenance of the Navy and Ordnance; which I take to be the greatest Safety and Interest of these Kingdoms: And I will at the same time, as I do now, assure you, that I shall not only this, or any other Session of Parliament, consent to such reasonable and publick Bills as you shall offer Me; but shall employ my whole Life to advance the true and publick Good and Safety of My People; and endeavour, while I live, that none else shall ever be able to do them Harm.

I did not in My last Speech mention the Forty thousand Pounds I am engaged to pay the Prince of Orange, for My Niece’s Portion, because I had recommended it to you so lately before: But the First Payment being already due, and demanded by him, I must again put you in mind of it, and desire you will enable me to keep My Word with him.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Expressions in his Speech.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do present the Thanks of this House to his Majesty accordingly.

A Motion being made, For raising Three hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for an additional Revenue to his Majesty.

The Question being propounded. That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion for raising of Three hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for an additional Revenue to his Majesty.

The Question being put, That the Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion for Raising of Three hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for an additional Revenue to his Majesty;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, That the new Imposts upon Wipes and Vinegar may be continued to his Majesty:

Resolved, &c. That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider of the Motion for continuing the new Impost upon Wines and Vinegar.

Resolved,&c. That this House ’will/'Tommorrow Mora- W«ys "d ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^eMS* to consider of the Manner of raising a Supply, for Repayment of the Two hundred -thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the Additional Excise; and for paying off the extraordinary Charge of the Navy.

A Motion being made, For Forty thousand Pounds, to be given to his Majesty for paying the Portion of his Niece;

Resolved, &c. That the House will resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider of the Motion for giving to his Majesty Forty thousand Pounds for paying of the Portion of his Niece.

A Motion being made, for a Compensation to be given to his Majesty, for the Clause of Prohibition of the French Commodities;

The Question being put, That the House will resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion for a Compensation to be given to his Majesty, for the Clause of Prohibition of French Commodities;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

}for*eY'*, MS-

} for the Noe, 20,

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Debate arising in the House upon several Heads; Pension!, V-viz.To have an Account, of what Pensions have been cret Servict. charged upon the Revenue; and what Privy Seals have &c* issued for Secret Service, since Map 1677: And for aTest concerning Bribery of Members for giving their Votes:

And concerning Popery and taking the Sacrament: And concerning conversing with foreign Ministers, and receiving Money from them: And concerning such as have received any Money, as Counsel for any Bill depending in the House; or any Reward for being Chairman of a Committee: And concerning such as have solicited for Voices, in any Cause depending before this House: And concerning such as have offered their Service to great Persons, to give their Votes in Parliament, and have been refused: And concerning such as keep publick Tables: And concerning such as have taken Money for granting Protections:

The Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divide:

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers-{c'otonel"BSr’ } the Noes, 173-

Tellers, } for the Yeas>

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That an Account be taken, of what Pensions have been charged upon the Revenue; and what Privy Seals have issued for Secret Service, since May 1677:

And that there be a Test concerning Bribery of Members for giving their Votes: And concerning Popery, and, taking the Sacrament: And concerning conversing with foreign Ministers, or transacting with them, in relation to the Proceedings of this House; and receiving Money from them: And concerning such as have received any Money as Counsel for any Bill depending in the House, or any Reward for being Chairman of a Committee:

And concerning such as have solicited for Voices, in any Cause depending before the House: And concerning such as have offered their Service to great Persons to give their Vote in Parliament, and have been refused:

And concerning such as keep publick Tables; and at whose Charge: And concerning such as have taken Money for granting Protections: And that Inquiry be made, how many Members are outlawed, as well before as after Judgment: And that there be an Inquiry made of such Members as have gone to Conventicles or Mass.

The Question being put, That a Committee be appointed, to whom the Consideration of the Matters contained in the said Order may be referred;

22 Th*

30 Car. II.

18* — 190 — 20°

n-V

*, K

or.

to

er

id

Jn

e

e

3

l^ir &*,

Insolvent

Debtors.

Outlawries.

Beumont and Mose Churches.

Fortescue

Trusts.

Stannary

Laws.

5GI

Mr. Draper, Mr. Mallett, Sir Ric. How, Lord Ancram,

Mr. Neale, Mr. Weld, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Spry, Sir Ric.

Edgcome, Sir Ric. Everard, Sir Jo. Talbot, Sir Fra.

Drake, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cormeell and Devon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber:

And the Pewterers, and the Turky Company, are to be heard by their Counsel: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Goldesbrough the elder, do attend on Complaint Monday next; and give the House an Account, How the against the Journal of the Year 1663 came to be pasted, and razed. tierk‘ Ordered, That Mr. Goldesbrough the younger do attend Tomorrow Morning; and give the House an Account, Why the Entry of Yesterday’s Proceedings is not finished.

Whereas it appears to the House, That Sir Solomon Privilege — Swale is convicted of Popish Recusancy: And having been divers times called upon by this House, for to being a ’ signify his Conformity to the Church of England; which Papist, he hath not done, pursuant to a peremptory Order of this House:

Ordered, That the said Sir Solomon Swale be discharged from the Service of this House: And that Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Albrough in the County of Yorke, in the Room of the said Sir Solomon Swale.

Ordered, That the Report concerning the Election of Westbury Westburybe heard on Friday next. ectiou.

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUer,{i} «» V *6.

Te"ers' (sir John Barmin/, } for the Noes> l0°'

And so it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19’ die Junii, 1678.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That the Bill for the Release and Discharge of poor Prisoners for Debt, be read this Morning, after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

A Bill for reversing Outlawries in the King’s Bench, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Uniting of the Churches of Beumont and Mose in the County of Kent, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act on the Behalf of John Fortescue, for the Executing certain Trusts devolved upon Infants, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be committed to Mr.

Buller, Sir Ant. Irby, Colonel Birch, Sir Jo. Knight, Sir Wm. Blackett, Mr. Hall, Sir Geo.Reves, Sir Tho. Allen,

Sir Jona. Trelauny, Sir Rob. Markeham, Mr. Swinfin, Sir Ordered, That this House will resolve itself into a Order* of the

Trevor IFilliams, Mr. Wright, Sir Richard Edgcom, Sir Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow; to take ^ay de^erred-

Sam. Bamardiston, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Marvile, Sir into Consideration the Business appointed for this Day.

John Barnaby, Sir John Mallett, Mr. Powle, Mr. Eyres,

Sir Jo. Fetus, Sir Ric. Everard, Mr. Onslow, Sir Ralph And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Cole, Mr. Crouch, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Jo. Coryton, Sir Tho. Mompcsson, Sir Lane. Lake, Mr. Spry, Sir Tho.

Clerges, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Cheney,

Sir Jo.Trevor, Mr. Buller, Sir Row. Barkly, Mr.

Westphaling, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Foot, Mr. Love,

Mr. Maynard, Mr. Mallett, Mr. Pepys, Lord Ashley,

Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Rob. Wright, Mr. Buscowen: And they are to meet Tommorrow', at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards.

Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

A Bill for settling the Laws of the Stannaries of Cornwell and Devon, was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,

[Sir Jon.Trelawny, 1 v !’isir Jos. Trtdenham,} for the Yeas'

133-

rr , fSir George Downing,} r iU XT Tellers,|ilr Buscowen, *j for the Noes' 119'

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Jonat. Trelauny, Sir Jo.Trevor, Sir Geo. Dozening, Mr. Treby, Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Wright, Sir Sir

Hungerford, Sir Cha. Wheeler, Sir Sir Jo.

Jovis, 20° die Junii, 1678.

MR. Buscowen reports from the Committee to whom Qregham’j the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act p)ebts. for vesting the Rectory of Westerham in the County of Kent in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of Edward Gresham Esquire, was committed, That the Committee had perused the Bill; and that all the Parties concerned were consenting the reto: And that the Committee had returned the Bill, without any Amendtnents.

And the Bill being read a Third time;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be agreed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Cave’* Will. Act for the better enabling the Trustees of Sir Thomas Cave Knight and Baronet, deceased, for the selling of Lands for the Performance of the M ill of the said Sir Thomas Cave; and likewise for the vesting and settling of other Lands, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That tire Bill be committed to Mr.

Corryton, Mr. Walter, Sir Henry Ford, Mr. Williams, Mr. Sir Mr.

»r "--- r' ' — ’ rr"‘ c" n' T Sir John Mallet, Sir John Holman, Mr. Progers, Sir John

Barnaby, Mr. Sir John Nezrton, Sir lien. Puckering, Sir Mr. Wliorwood, Mr. Crouch, Lord

Gorge, Mr. Mr. James, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Colonel Norton, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir John

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Pepys, Colonel Titus, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Jo.Knight, Sir SamBernardiston, Sir

Warwicke, Mr. Borlace, Sir Trevor Williams, Colonel Birch, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Jones, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Grey, Sir Jo. Holman,

Sir Jo. Newton, Sir Jo. Fredericlce, Mr. Ply dell, Mr. Bramston, Sir Harley, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir John Cory-

Solicitor, Sir Jo.Moreton, Sir Court. Poole, Mr. Boscowcn, Sir Eliah Harvy, Sir Bon. Ray, Sir Wm. Godolphin,

Mr. Sacheverell, Sir Wm. Blackett, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Powle, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Love, Sir Jo. Mallet, Sir John 'Mr. Fleetwood,

Vol. IX.

ton, Mr. Serjeant Mainard, Sir John Pettus, Sir Flo. Berkley, Sir Wm. Farmer, Sir Rob. Thomas, Mr. Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Hacker, Sir Ford, Lord 0 Brien, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho. Doleman, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Evelyn, Colonel Birch, Mr. Hamden, Sir

6 L Tho.

502

ao" — 2i* Junil. A. 1678.

Tho. Lee, Mr. Buscawcn, Mr. SachacereB, 'Mr. Wharton,

and all that serve for the 'Counties of and

Leicester: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two, of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Court of Wards.

a Supply to his Majesty, for enabling him to pay and disband the Forces which . have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of Septetuber last r And that ^Ax.Vaughan do attend the Lords with the Message.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privilege8. tiens do prpceed no further in the hearing of any Causes concerning Elections, before a Recess, and that the Witnesses therein concerned be dismissed from their Attendance.

Craunittotf. Ordered, That no Committee, except the Grand Committees, do sit in the House, during this Sitting.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Andrew Hacket and Sir William Beversham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to attend you this Morning; and to desire a Conference, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon Matters of great Concern.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference in the Painted Chamber, at Eleven of the Clock.

And the Messengers being called m;

Mr. Speaker acquainted them that the House had agreed to meet the Lords at a Conference, at Eleven of foe Clock, in foe painted Chamber.

Ordered, That these Members following be appointed to manage the Conference; Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hamden, Sir Sir Talbot,

Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr.

Powle, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Jos. Sir Tho. Little-

ton, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Geo. Dooming, Sir Edw.

Colonel Birch.

Mr. Powle reports from the Conference had with the Lords, that the Lord Privy Seal did manage the Conference: And that lie did acquaint foe Persons appointed to manage the Conference, That the Reason of the House of Peers desiring a present Conference with the House of Commons, is, their having received a Message from his Majesty; which they judged of that Moment, that they did not think fit to delay the Communicating of it to the Commons; being of that great Concern to both Houses and the whole Kingdom: And that the Conference was intended to have been had Yesterday; but that this House sitting long, the Messengers were not admitted: And that a Copy of the Message was delivered to them: Which is as followeth, viz.

" The Lord Treasurer, by his Majesty’s Command, did let the House know, That his Majesty did Yesterday receive a Letter from his Ambassador at Sir

Leoline Jenkins, dated the Fifteenth of June; which gave him an Account, That the French Ambassador had declared to the Dutch Ambassador, That they would not void any one of the Places they hold in the Spanish Netherlands, until Sweden be effectually restored to the Places taken from them, notwithstanding that the Peace was already signed and ratified between them: That, upon this, is arisen a Difficulty on the Side of the Spaniards, Whether they will accept the French Conditions: That Mons. Beveming, One of the States Ambassadors there, had thereupon earnestly inquired of him, whether the Army of England was presently to be disbanded; because nobody could tell, What End things would come to; for, if France will keep all the Places in the Netherlands filled with their Troops, it is in vain that the States have taken so much Pains about their Barrier; for they will have none, when all is done: And the said Mons. Beoerning was very anxious, till he did hear out of England, that the Army might not yet be disbanded. That the Imperial Ministers had been to visit him That Day: And that their principal Business was to learn what they could from him, in what State our Army was in; Tilings being in this doubtful Condition."

Lords re* Resolved, See. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to mind«d of remind them of the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting

Conference on Message to Lords respecting disbanding the Army.

The House then resolved into aCommittee of the whole Supply. House, to take into Consideration the Motion for continuing the new Imposts upon Wines; and also to consider of the Manner of raising a Supply, for Re-payment of the Two hundred thousand Pounds borrowed upon the Credit of foe additional Excise; and for paying off the extraordinary Charge of the Navy: And likewise to consider of the Motion for giving Forty thousands Pounds to his Majesty, for Paying off the Portion of his Niece.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of foe Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had taken the Matter, to them referred, into their Consideration; and had agreed upoil a Vote: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table. And is as followeth;

Resolved, See. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the new Imposts, upon Wines and Vinegar, be granted to his Majesty, from the First of August next, for Three Years; upon such Wines and Vinegar as now may be by Law imported.

And further moved, from the said Committee, That the House would be pleased to resolve into a Committee of the whole House again Tomorrow Morning; to proceed further in the Consideration of the Matters to them referred.

The Vote being read;

A Motion being made, That the Words " the better to enable his Majesty to repair foe Fleet" may be added to the Vote;

The Question being put, That the Words " foe better to enable his Majesty to repair his Fleet" be added to the Vote;.

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

} f0,*heN°«> 'i6-

j for the Yeas, 127.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, to agree with the Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the new Imposts upon Wines and Vinegar he granted to his Majesty from foe First of August, for Three Years, upon such Wines and Vinegar as now may be by Law imported.

Resolved, 8cc. That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Vote: And that Mr. Solicitor General and Sir John Trevor do bring in the Bill.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House will, To-fttorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Matters to them referred.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were to sit this Committee*) Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then foe House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 21* die Junii, 167S:

ABIL L for Encouragement of the Sowing of Hemp SowingHemp and Flax, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Hen. Ford reports from the Committee to whom foe Remowl of Bill to prevent Removal of Suits, waacommitted, several Amendments agreed by foe Committee, to be made

to

a '

md

die

in*

dfr Stannary*

of Laws.

he

he

0.

ds

1 Burning in Woollen.

3<o CaA. II.

51* — 22° Junti.

55

iat

it

ue

be

JW

at

?e

St Martin's in tfae Fields Church.

Weetbury

Election.

Supply.

fe3

Iffrtf5!

uai 1

Ways and Means.

ib the fiiM: Which fteiehd hi hB 5%ce; and afttfhvdrtte delivered the sahie In at the Cleric's Table: Where the s&mewett twite tead; and, faptrti the Question, hgheed.

Resobed, &c. That the Bill, with the Artfendmetits i^eed td, be Ingfossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of IbdyMnt hi tie County of Cornwall was read.

Resolved, See.That the said Petition bfe referred to the

Consideration of the Committee to wtiotn the KH Concerning the Stannary Laws, is committed.

The House then took into Consideration the Report from the Cormlilttee to whom the BUI serst from the Lords, intituled, An Act for burying in WCohen, was committed: And the Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

And the Bill, with the Amendments, being read a Third time:

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass: And that the Title be agreed: And that Sir George Downing do carry up the Bill, with the Amendments, to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a new Parochial Church in die Parish of St. Martin's in the Fklds, be read on Tuesday Morning next, after Ten of the Clock.

RJisdhdS; Ac. That (he People be chained with no No farther foote Mdtley fills Session of Parliament. Session.*

Ordered, That dll Committees, which Were to sit this Commitw«s. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the Hduse adjourned tiH Td-morrow Monikig, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 22° die 1678.

Prayers.

£SAA CLegoock did this Hay take the Oaths of Allegi-

ance and Supremacy, m order to his Naturalization.

Sir Ixeorge tiowningreports from the Committee to

whom the Bill for wearing Woollen Manufactures, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Woollen Manufacture!.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Supply Bill;

and Sir Andrew Hacket;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to re- orce®*

Resolved, Sec. That the Report, concerning the Electiofi for the Borough of Westbury, be now received!.

Sir Tho. Metres reports from the Committee of Privi-

leges and Elections, the State of the Case upon the Elec- turn. }’°u Bril> mtItuled, An Act for granting a Supply tien for the Borough of Westburyin the County of Wilts; to his Majesty, for enabling him to pay end disband the and that the Committee had agreed upon a Vote: Which he read in his Place; dnd afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vix.

Resobed, Sec. That Henry Bertie Estjoire is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury in the County of JVilts.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Forces which have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last; with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

An ingrossed Bill. admeasuring Keels and Boats Keels, tcc. carrying Coals was read the Third time. carrying

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Coal*‘ Title be, An Act for Admeasurement of Keels and Boats carrying Coals: And that Sir George Downing do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence:

TpIW JMr- Windham,

(Mr. Collingnood,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to pfoeeed further in the Consideration of the Matters to them referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had taken the Matter into Consideration, and agreed upon a Vote: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; and humbly moved, from the said Committee, That they may have Leave to sit again Tomorrow.

And the Vote, being read at the Clerk’s Table, was, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth;

Resolved, Sec. That a Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, shall be granted to his Majesty, for paying off the extraordinary Charge of the Navy and Ordnance; and for paying the Princess of Oranges Portion'; and for the repayment of

the Two hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the additional Exeise.

Resobed, That the House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of tho Manner of raising the Supply given to his Majesty, for paying off the extraordinary Charge of the Navy and Ordnance'; and for paying the Princess of Orange's Portion; and for repaying the Two hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the additional Excise.

Vol. IX.

> for the Yeas, 162. Ordered, That all Committees, which were discbnfi- Committee!. nued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places

for the Nobs, 106. formerly appointed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Beamont Act for uniting and consolidating the Churches of Bed- Mose tnont and Mose, in the County o (Essex, was read the Churches. Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Sir Jo nath. Trelawney, Sir Tho. Higgins, Sir Lan. Lake, Col.

Kirkby, Sir Ch. CottereU, Mr. Atherto Sir Robert Barn-

ham, Sir Rich. Everard, Col. Howard, Sir John Norton,

Sir Anth, Irby, Sir John Mallet, Sir Jos. Sir

Trevor Williams, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir John Jrevor, Mr.

Euller, Mr. Spry, Mr. Westfdling, Sir John Sir John Covert, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Crouch, and all that serve for the Counties of Essex, Norfolke, and g:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Twoof the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Question being put, That the House do sit on House to sit Monday Morning next; 0,1 Monday.

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUer4Mr.SS: } for the Noes, 52.

T'U^{S:& . } Y.eas 5!>.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Tho. Metres reports from the Committee to whom Papists not the Bill for hindering Papists to sit in either House of Par- *?sit ,n Parliament, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in

his

Supply Bill; Disbanding the Forces.

Message to Lords that House sits on Monday

Scoppena*, &c. Nat.

Butter and

Cheese

Trade.

Woollen Ma« nufactures.

Wine Duty.

Outlawries.

504

22°- — 24° — 25° Junti.

A. i6y8.

his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The House then took into Consideration the Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for enabling him to pay and disband the Forces which have been raised since the Nine-and-twentieth of September last.

And the Amendments being twice read; and the Question being severally put, to agree to the Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Jos.Williamson, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Tho. Littleton, Col. Byrch, Mr. Williams, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Powle, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Rich.

Temple, Mr. Swinfen, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Sir John Trevor, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Capell, or any Three of them, do search for Precedents; and draw and prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, Why this House could not agree with their Lordships in their Amendments to the Bill of Supply: And they are to give their Opinions to the House upon the Expedients concerning the said Matter proposed in the Debate of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Cock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, this House intends to sit on Monday next: And that Sir John Knight do go up with the Message.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lunce, 24° die 1678. Prate rs.

MR. Papillon reports from the Committee to whom

the Bill for naturalizing John Scoppcand others, was committed, some Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill; and a Clause to be added to the Bill: And that the Committee had examined the Certificates of the several Persons in the Bill mentioned: And the Amendments and Clause being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: And the Amendments being tw ice read; were, upon the Question, agreed.

The Clause, being twice read, was, upon the Question, rejected.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolke, Suffolke, Cambridge, Lancaster, and Chester, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for Encouragement of the Dealers in Butter and Cheese, is committed.

A Bill for encouraging the Woollen Manufactures, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures: And that Sir Geo Downing do carry up

the Bill to the Lords.

A Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Wines, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill concerning revising Outlawries in the King’s Bench, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Trevor, Mr. Spry, Serjeant Rigby, Serjeant Mainard,

Col. Birch, Serjeant Street, Sir Wm. Sir Hen.

Ford, Sir Geroas Elwes, Sir John Newton, Mr. Burlace,

Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Sir Edw. Norreys, Sir Job ton. Sir John Mallet, Sir John Heath, Mr. Cheney, Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr. Pepys, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Solicitor General, Serjeant Gregory, Serjeant PSerjeant Serjeant Stringer, Mr. Crouch, Sir John Knight, Sir Edm.

Jenings, Sir Fr. Drake, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Booth, Mr.

Mallet, Sir Ad. Browne: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Mays i* Act for reviving a former Act, intituled, An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delay; and for Continuance of One other Act, intituled, An Act for the better Settling Intestates Estates; was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief and Release of poor Pri- Insolvent soners, was read the Third time. Debtors.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, Sec. That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, See. That the House do now resolve into a Ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Man- Means, ner of Raising of a Supply, not exceeding Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, for paying off the extraordinary Charge of the Navy and Ordnance; and for paying the Princess of Oranges Portion; and for the Repayment of the Two hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the additional Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, Sec. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Manner of Raising of a Supply, not exceeding Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, for paying off the extraordinary Charge of the Navy and Ordnance; and for paying the Princess of Orange's Portion; and for the Repayment of the Two hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the additional Excise.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Marlis,25° die Junii, 1678.

Prayers.

MR. Crouch reports from the Committee to whom Cave’* Will.

the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Enabling the Trustees of Sir Thomas Cave

o

Knight and Baronet, deceased, for the Settling of Lands for the Performance of the Will of the said Sir Thomas Cave, and likewise for the Vesting and Settling of other Lands, was committed, That the Committee had carefully perused the Bill; and heard all Parties concerned therein; who were consenting the reto: And that the Committee had returned the Bill, without any Amendment.

A Bill for Encouragement of the Sow ing of Hemp and SowingHemp Flax, was read the Second time. 811(1 flax-

Resolved, Scc.That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Higgins, Sir Lan. Lake, Serjeant Sets, Sir John Knight,

Sir Rob. Holmes, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. West fating, Serjeant Gregory, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Packer, Mr. Spry, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Frederick, Six Wm. Coventry,

Sir John Brampston, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Sir

John Barnaby, Sir Geo. Shakerly, Col. Mr. Bur-

lace, Mr. Browne, Sir John Trevor, Sir Irby, Col.

Birch, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Pepis, Alderman Love, Mr.

Mainard: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber.

Highways.

St. Martin’s in the Fields L’hurch.

Jx>rds

.Amendments to Supply Bill.

Conference with Lords.

French Coiu-xnudities.

Ways and Means.

30 Car. II.

-250 — 2 6°

An ingrossed Bill for repealing a Clause in the Act concerning Highways, was read the Third time.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing a Clause in a former Act, intituled, An Act for Inlarging and Repairing of common Highways: And that Sir George Downing do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making anew Parish in the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, was read a Third time.

And some Amendments were made at the Table.

Resolved, kc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Part of the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields a new Parish; to be called the Parish of St. Ann, within the Liberty of Westminster: And that Sir Geo. Donning do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Sir Richard Temple reports from the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, for not agreeing with the Lords in their Amendments to the Bill, intituled, Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for enabling him to pay and disband the Forces which have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last, That the Committee had

agreed upon Reasons to be offered at a Conference; and upon a Proviso to be added to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; And the Reasons, being twice read, were, upon the Question, agreed: And are as fbl-loweth;

The Lords having agreed with the Commons in this Bill; That there is no further Occasion of the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth Day of September last; and sent to the Commons some Amendments; the Commons find themselves obliged to disagree with the Lords Amendments, by reason of the Methods and Rights of their House, in a Matter very tender to them: But, for answering the End which the Lords seem to aim at, the Commons will offer an Expedient; which they conceive warranted by Precedents; viz

The Earl of Thanet's Bill, entered into the Lords Journal, February, 74: Which the Lords then grounded upon a Precedent in 350 of Queen Elizabeth: In both which Provisoes were added by the Lords af ter the Bill sent from the Lords to the Commons, not relating to any Amendments made by the Commons.

The Proviso being twice read;

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for enabling him to pay and disband the Forces which have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last: And tlrat Sir Rickard Temple do go up to the Lords, to desire the Conference.

Sir Richard Temple acquaints the House, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

The Proviso, being ingrossed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That foe Proviso be added to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Persons who were appointed to draw up the Reasons, do attend, and manage the Conference.

Who did attend; and offered the Reasons; and left the Proviso and Bill witlh the Lords.

An explanatory Bill touching the Prohibiting French Commodities, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole HouSe, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Manner of raising a Supply not exceeding Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, for paying off the extraordinary Charge of the Navy and Ordnance; and for pacing the Princess'of Orange's Portion; and foT the' Re-payment of the Two hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the udehtibwd Excise.

Vol. IX.

Mr. Speaker left the Cliair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had taken the Matter into Consideration; and had agreed upon a Vote: Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, &c. That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds shall be laid upon all Buildings, which since, the Year One thousand Six hundred and Fifty-six have been erected upon new Foundations, within Ten Miles without the City of London.

The Question being put. To agree with the Committee;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers /^r* Ne \

’ \Capt Howard, J

for the Noes, 117. for the Yeas, 88.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the House do now resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the' Manner of raising a Supply, not exceeding Four hundred Fourteen thousand Pounds, for paying off the extraordinary Charge of the Navy and Ordnance; and for paying the Princess of s Portion;.

and for Re-payment of Two hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the additional Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they bad taken the Matter into Consideration; and agreed upon a Vote: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth.

Resolved, &c. That the Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, shall be raised by the old Way of Subsidy.

A Debate arising about agreeing with the Committee;

The Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned.

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,!®1; ^Ihar Harm,

for the Yeas, 74,

Mr. Collingitvod,

for the Noes, And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26* Junii, 1678.

Prayers.

SIR Tho. Stringer reports from the Committee to Pawnbrokers.

whom the Bill concerning the Pawnbrokers, w as committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made io the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's*

Table: Where the same were once read: And some of the Amendments being read a Second time;

A Motion being made, That the Bill may be recommitted;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the former' Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Low and Sir Samuel Clerke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us foac- Deauof St, quaint you, That they have agreed to the Amendment Paul's made by the House of Commons to the Bill, intituled, ^state3*

An Act for increasing the Revenue of the Dean of St.

Paid's) and assuring the Estates of hisTenants in Shadur/l

6 M ip

50 6

26° Junii. . A. 1678.

Conference on Lords A mendments to Supply Bill.

in the County of Jlfiddlesex: And also to desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, Stc. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber. And the Messengers being called in;

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members who did attend, and managed the former Conference, do attend this Conference.

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Conference had with the Lords, That the Lord Privy Seal did manage the Conference: And that what was delivered, was to the Effect following-: viz.

" The Lords have appointed this Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, concerning the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for enabling him to pay and disband the Forces which have been raised since the Twenty-ninth September last; and to preserve that good Correspondence which oughtto be between the Two Houses, in the Course of Parliamentary Proceedings in Passing of Bills; and for which, in your Introduction to the last Conference, you intimated the same was desired by the Commons.’’

" Their Lordships finding, that as the Bill came up to them limited to so very Short a Time for the Execution of it; and That, under the Penalties of Forfeitures and Disabilities to bear Office, on those who Should not do their Work according to the Purport of the Bill, within the Time prefixed; which their Lordships found absolutely impossible; They therefore proceeded by such Amendments as made the Bill practicable, by assigning further Periods of Tiine; viz. For disbanding the Forces to the Twenty-seventh 0 {July, and for those beyond Sea, to the Twenty-fourth of August; and for Apprentices to return to their Masters, to the Twenty-ninth of September. To all which Amendments you tell their Lordships, the Commons find themselves obliged to disagree with them, by reason of the Methods and Rights of your House, in a Matter very tender to you; but did not communicate to their Lordships, what those Methods and Rights were."

" But for answering the End which you told their Lordships they seem to aim at, you offered them an Expedient in the Proviso then delivered; which you conceived was warranted by Two Precedents, which you mentioned."

" We are commanded at this Conference to let you know, That the Lords have disagreed to your Proviso; and for these Reasons:"

" First, That where you have found their Amendments so necessary, that by the Expedient proposed you have inlarged the Periods even beyond their Amendments, their Lordships conceive you have in Effect consented thereunto, and the Course of Parliament is not to help That by anew Proviso, which might and hath been done by the Change of Days, as was by their Amendments."

" Secondly, The Precedents you produced were both in Cases where Defects were found in Bills not remediable any other way: Which therefore both Houses easily agree."

" Thirdly, You observed rightly, That those Provisoes added by the Lords, after the Bill sent by them to the Commons, did not relate to any Amendments made by the Commons; whereas the Proviso, now added by the Commons, relates to Two of the Amendments made by the Lords."

" Fourthly, Their Lordships take Notice, That though you seem to disagree to all the Amendments; yet in your Expedient you take no Notice of the Amendments relating to Apprentices; without which the Provision which seems to be made for them in the Bill, will be merely illusory."

" Fifthly, It is very doubtful, whether the Proviso, as penned, takes off the Forfeitures and Disabilities."

" Sixthly, If the Proviso Should be added, the Clauses of the Bill would be inconsistent with it; the same BUI appointing Short Days under great Penalties, and in-larging the Days without Penalties."

" For these Reasons, their Lordships, as they have disagreed to your Expedient, do insist upon their Amendments; and desire your speedy Concurrence in this Bill so amended, that his Majesty may not want the Money so necessary to his Service, and the Kingdom’s Quiet.

The First Amendment sent from the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for enabling him to pay and disband the Forces which have been raised since the Twenty-ninth Day ber last, was read.

Resolved, See. That this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

The Second Amendment to the said Bill being read;

Resolved, See. That this House doth not agree with die Lords in the said Amendment.

The Third Amendment being read;

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth adhere to the Proviso to be added to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Members, who did attend, and manage the Conference, do meet this Afternoon, in die Speaker’s Chamber; and consider of Reasons' to be offered at a free Conference, to be had with the Lords: And that Mr. Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Williams, and Sir Robert Howard, be added to them.

A Motion being made for Leave to bring in a I ill to distinguish Popish Recusants from other Dissenters from the Church of England;

The Question being put, That a Bill be brought in to distinguish Popish Recusants from odier Dissenters from the Church of England;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers /^r x euei s,; r., , D.

(Colonel Birch,

Tellers /Sir Jon'

1 eiiers, j^sir JVm.Bassett,

And so it passed in the Negative.

1

for the Yeas, 67. for the Noes, too.

Popish Ren*

KIDUiat

Disseaten,

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate upon Way* tad the Report Yesterday made from the Committee of the whole House.

The Question being put, That the Words " and that the Commissioners be named by this House" be added to the Vote Yesterday reported from the said Committee;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

T^4iJ?^sr}forthcY-'87-

TcllerS/8l.r } fortl.e Noes, 96.

’ (Mr. Spry, J y

And so it passed in the Negative.

Tiie Question being put, To agree with the Committee of the whole House in the Vote;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers, ^Wm.'limNrrd. } for the Yeas, 69,

-|l;Sf^'}/-'heNoes,u8,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Sec. That the House do now resolve into a Committee of the whole House; to proceed further in the Consideration of the Manner of raising the Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, for paying off the extraordinary Charge of the Navy and Ordnance; and for paying the Princess of Oranges Portion; and for Re-payment of the Two hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon the Credit of the additional Excise.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir

30 Car. II.

26°- — 270 — a8° Junii.

507

Sir John Treoor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had taken the Matter into Consideration; and agreed upon a Vote: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That the Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, shall be raised by Twelve Months Land Tax, after the Rate of Thirty-four thousand Four hundred and Ten Pounds Nine Shillings and Six-pence halfpeny by the Month; to commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of February 1678.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do prepare a Bill to this Purpose; and do add a Borrowing Clause; and present the same to the House with all convenient Speed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sir Hen. Ford acquaints the House, That the Lords bad agreed to a free Conference Tomorrow at Eleven of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Sawyer be added to the Persons appointed to manage the Conference: And that the Serjeant at Arms do give him Notice thereof, that lie may prepare himself.

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, Wine Duties, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Wines.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Pawnbrokers.

Peis

fcai

lia

Jovis, 27* Junii, 1678.

SI R Thomas Stringer reports from the Committee to turbin® his Tenant;

whom the Bill concerning the Pawnbrokers was re- Ordered. That th committed, That the Committee had considered of the said Bill; and agreed upon some Amendments: Which he read in his Place; and aftenvards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Veneris, 28° die Junii, 1678.

Prayers.

A COM PLAINT being made of a Breach of Pmilege.

Privilege, committed against Francis Earl of Longford, a Member of this House, by one Godfrey Leigh a Proctor, in entering upon his Land, and dis-

Ordered, That the said Godfrey Leigh be s£nt for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Breach of Privilege, committed against Francis Earl of Longford.

French Commodities.

ftis

An explanatory Bill, touching the Prohibiting of French Commodities, was read die Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir John Trevor, Sir Rob. Holmes, Mr. Papillon, Sir Sam. Sir Hen.

Ford, Mr. Swinjen, Sir JVm. Lowlher, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Spry, Sir Tredenham, Mr.

Fyrcs, Mr. fVright, Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. , Sir

Jon. Trelawney, Mr. Westfuling, Sir Thompson, Mr.

Cheney, Sir John Hoi ton. Sir Sir

Mallet, Colonel Werden, Sir Sir Rob.

Southwell, Sir Gilb. Talbot, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Jon. Tr&-lawney, Alderman Love, Sir J Mr

Sir John Werden, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir John Ernie, Sir Rob.Sawyer, Mr Darcy, Sir RSir Mr.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill con- Taking ceming Affidavits is committed, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Sir Lien. Ford reports from the Committee to whom Exporting the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, was com- "oo1, mitted, That the Committee had taken the Bill into their Consideration; and agreed upon several Amendments: Which he read in his Place.

But the Committee not having taken the Matter which relates to the Transportation of Wool from into

their Consideration, as by the Order they were directed to do;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in tho Place formerly appointed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Cave’* Will.

' -- -----1----- 7--- 7 Ci ‘Jvmi 11 vui uiv ajviwoj iiimiuivuj iiu

Henley, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir John Holmes, Sir John Bur- Act for the better Enabling the Trustees of Sir Cave,

lace, Mr. Alalktt, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Phil.Howard, Knight and Baronet, deceased, for the Selling of Lands, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Newport, Mr Collingwood, Mr. Pavcle, for the Performance of the Will of the said Sir Tho.

Sir Adam Browne, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Rich.Everard, Cave; and likewise for the Vesting and Settling other

Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Trcv. Williams, Mr. Lands; was read the Third time.

Browne, Sir John Bramston, Mr. King, Sir John Pettus, Resolved, c. That the Bill do pass: And that the

Sir Tho. Clcrges, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Rob. Thomas, Title be agreed, and all the Members that serve for the Out-ports: And

Supply Bill.

they are to meet To-morrow-, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An Act for raising a Supply, not exceeding Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wine Duties. A Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Wine, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Toriano’s

Vttiuon.

Conference desired with Lords.

A Petition of George Toriano, and others, Merchants, trading in Wine, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the same Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Ford 80 go up to the Lords, to desire a free Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Vol. IX.

Sir Hen. Ford reports from the Committee to whom Fortwcue"* the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled,- An Act on the Trusts. Behalf of John Fortescue, for executing certain Trusts devolved upon Infants, That the Committee had perused the Bill, and the Settlements therein set forthj and that the same do agree with the Bill: And that all Parties concerned were consenting thereto: And that the Committee had returned the Bill without any Amendment.

And the Bill being read a Third time;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Executors Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the and Ailmini-Executors and Administrators of Executors, in their own *trator,> Wrong, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Edmund Jennings reports from the Committee to Beaumont whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act and M°se for uniting and consolidating the Parishes of Beaumont Cl,urche* &nd Mose in the County of Essex, was committed, That

the

Plater’s

Estate.

Conference with Lords.

Removal of Suits.

Conference on Lords Amendments to Supply

Bill,

Preventing

Champerty,

&c.

508 a8* Jmii — i0 JuUi 167ft.

the Committee had perused the Bill, and heard the Par- A Petition of several Merchants trading and dealing Hamburgh

ties concerned: and that they were consenting the reto: in Stuffs’and Serges, was read. Company.

And that the Committee haa returned the Bill without Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition of

any Amendment. the Creditors of the Merchants Ad venturers of

And the Bill being read a Third time; commonly called the Hamburgh Company, was cora-

1Imbed, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the initted, do make no further Progress before a Recess.

Title be agreed.

Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, Committees.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edu\ Low and be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place Sir Lacon Ji m. Childe; formerly appointed.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Plater Gentleman An ingrossed Bill for Naturalizing of John Snippers’,

to sell Lands for Payment of Debts charged upon the and otters, was read the Third time.

same; and reimbursing him such Sums of Money as he And the Name of Ann Rousseau, who was this Day hath or shall lay out, in repairing the Breaches made by sworn, being inserted at the Table; the Inundation of the Sea; and keeping the Waters out: Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the

To which they desire the Concurrence of this Ilouse. Title be, An Act for- Naturalizing John Scvppem, and

others: And that Sir Tho. Stringer do carry up the Bill The Members appointed did then attend; and manage to the Lords for their Concurrence, the free Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject

Matter of the last Conference. An ingrossed Bill concerning Pawnbrokers, was read Pawnbrokers.

Sir Tho.Metres acquaints the House, That the Mem- the Third time,

bersappointed had attended, and delivered then-Reasons Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the at the free Conference; and left the Bill with the Lords. Title he, An Act for regulating the Pawnbrokers: And that Sir Thomas Stringer do carry up the Bill to the An ingrossed Bill to prevent Removal of Suits from Lords for their Concurrence, inferior Courts, was read the Third time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Low and Childe’.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edw. Low and Sir Sir John;

And. I Jacket; Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill,

Mr Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Confer- intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Lands, enee with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon late of Robert Childe, deceased, for Payment of his the Subject Matter of the last free Conference. Debts, and Provision for his Wife and Children.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords ‘ Resolved, Sec. That a free Conference be desired with Conference at a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber, ^1C Lords, upon die Subject Matter of die last free dtiiied with upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference. Conference: And that Sir Thomas do go up to Lord‘-

And the Messengers being called in; the Lords to desire the same.

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present free Conference, in An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Execntors the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the and Adnn-last free Conference. Executors and Administrators of Executors, in their own "lstratort-

Sir Thomas Meeres reports from the Conference had Wrong, was read the Second time, with the Lords, That the Lord Privy Seal did manage Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Mr. the Conference; and did acquaint them, That the Lords Mallet, Mr. Butler, Sir John Mallet, Mr. May, Mr. had voted to adhere to the Amendments; and to disagree GoreingMr. Solicitor, Mr. Neale, Sir Edm. Windham, to the Proviso: But did not offer any Reasons. ° Sir Lan. Lake, Mr. Mr. Geo. Downing, Sir Lewis

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth adhere to the Palmes'Sir Mr. Sir Sir Proviso to be added to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Tho.ClMr. Mr. Sir granting a Supply to his Majesty, for enabling him to pay Mr. Mr. Serjeant Gregory, Mr. Linfcild,

and disband the Forces which have been raised since the Sir Sir Deering, Sir Tho.

Twenty-ninth of September last. Sir Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Sir Ric. Wiseman, Sir

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth adhere to the Gilb. TSir Wm. Mr. Browne, Sir Rag. Not-agrceing to the First and Second Amendments, BradshMV. Mr. Sir made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sir Court. Poole, Sir John Trevor, Sir Littleton, Sir granting a Supply to his Majesty, for enabling him to John Knight, Serjeant Stringer, Serjeant Alderman pay and disband the Forces which'have been raised since Love, S Tho. Lee, Mr. Thyn, Sir Musgrave: And the Twenty-ninth of September last. they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in

the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

And then the Ilouse adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lima, 1# die Julii, 1678.

Prayers.

A NN Rousseau did this Day take the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to her Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill concerning Champerty and Maintenance, is committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And that Mr. Harbord, Colonel Titus, Sir Gervas Elutes, -Sir Allen Broderick, 'ME Hen Sir Moncklon, Mr. Foote. Mr. Marvell, Mr. Tamkn, Mr'. Pit, Mr. Herbert, Sir Win. Thompson, Sir Art/fur Harris, Mr- Browne, be added to the said Committee-.

The House then took into Consideration the First.and supply Bit; Second Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, irn Disbanding tituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for hie Forces, enabling him to pay and disband the Forces which have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last.

Resolved, See. That this House doth adhere to the Words of the said Bill mentioned in the First and Second Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill.

Sir Tho. Stringer acquaints the House, That the Lords Lords a,r<e had agreed to a free Conference, upon the Subject Matter to Confer-of the last free Conference, Tomorrow at Eleven of the ence-Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.,

30 Ca'r. II.

Jtdii.

509

c,'

Preventing

Champerty,

*c.

iw

Gi-,

k;

Rights of Commons in granting Money.

kitr.

aaU;i

Bills sent from Lords.

P--~*

ifcei

b»v

[if-

itCi.

Martis, 2'dieJulii, 1678.

Pra y E fts.

Platir’* A N ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled,

E»tate. x\. An Act to enable Thomas Platir Gentleman to

sell Lands, for Payment of Debts charged upon the same; and reimbursing him such Sums of Money as he . hath or shall lay out, in repairing the Breaches made by the Inundation of the Sea, and Keeping the Waters out, was read the First time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Serjeant Sets reports from the Committee to whom the Bill concerning Champerty and Maintenance, several Amendments agreed by the Committee, to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

The Members that were appointed to manage the free Conference, did attend the same.

' And being returned;

Ordered, That the Members who did manage the Conference, or any Three of them, do prepare and draw up a State of the Rights of the Commons in Granting of Money; with the Reasons and Proceedings that were offered and had at the Conferences: And they are to consider how the Rights of this House may be asserted; and also of the Methods and Manners of Proceedings in Conferences between the Two Houses: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clei'k and Sir Lacon William Childe

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down several Bills; One intituled, An Act to prevent the unlawful Coursing, Hunting, Killing, Selling, or Buying of Deer; another intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses in returning of Jurors; another intituled, An Act for registering Certificates of the Deceases, Burials, Marriages, and Issue of the Nobility and Gentry of England; another intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell Mr. Thomas Lands, for Payment of Debts, and other Uses: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill, sent from this House, intituled, An Act for making Part of the Parish of the Fields a

new Parish, to be called by the Name of St. Ann, within the Liberty of Westminster, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii,3° die 1678.

Prayers.

Delay* in A N ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Suit*. j\. Act for reviving a former Act, intituled, An Act * for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays; and for

Continuance of One other Act, intituled, An Act for the better Settling Intestates Estates; was read the Second time;

Resolved, See. That the last Enacting Clause ‘in the said Bill be rejected.

Resolved, Ac. That the Bill be committed to Serjeant Seis, Mr. Williams, Mr. Mallet, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Higgins, Serjeant Mr. Mr.

Crouch, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Hen. Ford, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Mallet, Sir Edxo. Sir Tho.

Lee, Sir John Talbot, Sir Lozvther, Mr. Poule, Mr. Jones, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. , Mr. Wright, Sir

Courtney Poole, Mr. Browne, Sir Rob. Markham, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir John C Sir John Nicholas, Mr, Neale, Mr. Jallijfe, Mr, Treby, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr, Cheney, Six Jos. Tredenhatn, Sir Tho.

4Mai, Sk John Corytm, Sir Rfib. Sawyer, Sir hjbtk You IX.

Jenings, Sir John Covert, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Trevor, Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Bramston, Sir Trehrwney, Sir John Moreton, Sir John Elwes, Sir Gild. Talbot, Sir Edfn Windham: And they are to inspect and consider the former Acts; and make the Act temporary; and make Provision, that no Person may be compelled to take out Letters of Administration: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House then resumed the Debate concerning the Bill for poor Prisoners.

A Proviso concerning Foreigners was presented; and thrice read;

Resolved, &c. That the Proviso be added to the Bill.

The Question being put, Whether the Words " Five Hundred Pounds" shall stand in the Bill.

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUe,’{s'^£&I7S^f }*»theY«u, "3

Te"er,.{il!j: Br2ae. } for the Noe, 76.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

An Amendment being made at the Table;

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Relief and Discharge of poor distressed Prisoners for Debt: And that Sir Edw. Deering do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee to whom it was, amongst other things, referred, to prepare and draw up a State of the Rights of the Commons, in Granting of Money, a Vote agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Ac. That all Aids and Supplies, and Aids to his Majesty in Parliament, are the sole Gift of the Commons: And all Bills for the Granting of any such Aids and Supplies ought to begin with the Commons: And that it is the undoubted and sole Right of the Commons, to direct, limit, and appoint, in such Bills, the Ends, Purposes, Considerations, Conditions, Limitations, and Qualifications of such Grants; which ought not to be changed, or altered by the House of Lords.

A Petition of Godfrey Lee, now' in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege committed against Francis Earl of Longford, a Member of this House, was read; whereby lie acknowledges his Offence, craves Pardon of the House, and desires that he may be discharged.

Resolved, See. That the said Godfrey Lee be discharged of his Commitment.

And the said Godfrey Lee being called in to the Bar of the House; and there kneeling; Mr. Speaker, after a Short Reprimand, acquainted him, That he was discharged, paying his Fees.

Resolvedf &c. That Provision be made in the Bill, now depending, for raising a Supply not exceeding Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, for raising Two hundred and Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence for disbanding the Army.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 4>* die Julii, 1678.

Prayers.

AN additional Bill for inlajging the Ways and Passages out of Limolm's Lm Fields, and other Places, was read the fi^sfe time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second tube. , 6 N An

Insolvent

Debtor».

Right! of Common! in granting Money.

Privilege — a person discharged.

Supply Bill i Utod Tax.

Passages to

Lincolne's Ion Fields.

lUtuming

Jurors.

Supply BilL

Supply Bill.

Bills sent from Lords.

Outlawries*

510 4* — 5* — <5

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for preventing Abuses in returning Jurors, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be rejected.

A Bill for raising a Supply, not exceeding Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, was read the Second time.

Resohed, See. That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, See. That the said Committee do take care, That Provision be made in the said Bill, for raising Two hundred and Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence, for disbanding the Army.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to take the said Bill into Consideration.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That the Committee had taken the Bill into Consideration, and made some Progress in the said Bill: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would, Tomorrow Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further upon the said Bill.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising a Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 5° die Julii, 1678.

Praters.

THE House resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for raising a Supply to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

"Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had taken the said Bill into Consideration; and had made several Amendments; and had gone through the Bill: And was ready to make his Report, whensoever the House would please to call for it.

Resolved, &,c. That the Report of the said Bill be received Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 6* die 1678.

Prayers.

AM ES S A G E from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clarke and Sir Zacon Wm. Childe Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling of certain Lands and Tenements to charitable and publick Uses; for the Benefit of the Parish of Kelshall in the County of Suffolke; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to sell the Lands of Tanfeild Mu Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children, without any Amendment,

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill concerning the Reversing of Outlawries in the King’s Bench is committed, be revived; and do sit, on Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

° — -8* Julii. A. 1678.

Resohed, See.That the House do now resolve itself Wine Duties, into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Wines and Vinegar.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had taken the Bill into Consideration; and made some Amendments: And was ready for to report them to the House, whensoever they Should please to call for it.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the Supply BilL whole House to whom the Bill for raising a Supply, not exceeding Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, was committed, several Amendments and Clauses agreed by the Committee to be made and added to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Clerk’s Table, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 8* die Julii, 1678.

Prayers.

SI R John Trevor reports from the Committee of the Wine Dutitw whole House to whom the Bill for granting an additional Duty upon Wines and Vinegar, was committed.

That the Committee had taken the Bill into Consideration; and made some Amendments: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mallet reports from the Committee to whom the Executor* Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better and Admi-Enabling of Creditors to recover their Debts of Execu- "i*11®*0"-tors, and Administrators of Executors, in their own Wrong, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Clerk’s Table, upon the Question, agreed.

And the Bill, with the Amendments, being read a Third time;

Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

Sir John Bramston reports from the Committee to Taking whom the Bill to prevent Abuses in taking Affidavits in Affidavits: the Country, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for opening a Passage out of Lincolne's Inn Pottages to Fields into Chancery Lane, and in other Places, was LincoW* read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir fVm.Lowther, Mr. Mallet,

Serjeant Sets, Sir Tho. Allen, Mr. Sir Edm.

Jenings, Sir Hen. Puckering, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Wm.

Thompson, Sir Walter St. Johns, Mr. Greenvile, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Lon.Lake, Mr. Waller, Mr, Love, Sir

John

30 Car.II. 8" — 9* Julii. 511

John Bramston, Mv.Buscawcn, Mr JVeld, Sir Rob. Thomas, Cory ton. Sir Edm. Jcnings, Mr. AfJJf, Segeant Maynard, Mr. Progers, Sir John Knight, Mr. Crouch, Colonel Phil- Mr. Love, Mr. John fvright, Sir Hen. Ford, Serjeant 1 lips, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Wm. Howard, Mr. Pa- Gregory, Sir Jonath. Trelawny, Mr. Browne, Sir John

pillon, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir John Bamaby, Sir John Frederick, Cotton, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Court. Mr. Browne, Mr. Paston, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Spry, Sir Poole, Sir Tho. Higgins, Sir Gilb. Talbot, Mr. Onslow, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Williams, Mr. King, Sir John Bir~ Wm. Terringham, Sir Phil. Monckton, Sir John Fagg, Mr. kenhead, Sir John Pettus, Mr. Wright, Sir Nic. Slotting, Williams, SixJohn Trevor, Mr Maynard, Sir Wm.Beecher, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Neale, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr. Westfaling, Harrison, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Gilb.Gerrard, Mr. Whor- Sir Chr. Musgrcroe, Mr Cheney, Major Linfeild, Sir Jos. j wood, Sir Jon. Trelawny, and all the Members that serve Tredenham, Mr. Neale, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Fr.Clarke,

for London, Middlesex, Surry, and Kent: And they are Sir John Moreton, Doctor Arras, Mr. Treby, Sir Rich. to inspect the former Law relating to Hackney Coach- Everard, and all that serve for the Counties of Suffolke, men: And they are to inquire, what Money has been Norfolke, and Lincolne: And they are to examine the ! % raised by the said Act, and how disposed ofand whether Matter of Fact contained in the Bill; and to summon and

there has been more than the Five Pounds per Annum hear all Persons concerned in the Bill: And are to meet taken for licensing any Hackney Coachman: And they Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the 1 are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Speakers Chamber: And are impowered to send for

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Persons, Papers, and Records.

to

fflcAr.

ISC

Tait

jc0*

m-

fisFs*

Exporting Mr. Treby reports from the Committee to whom the W00L gin to prevent the Transportation of Wool, was committed, several Amendments, and a Clause agreed by the Committee to be made and added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read: And all the Amendments, except the Amendment in that Part of the Bill which relates to Rumney Marsh, in which the House did not agree ..

The Clause to be added to the said Bill being twice read;

The Question being put. To agree to the said Clause;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

I*'*-.*-

Tellers, } For the Y*"' I6-

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for raising a Supply, not exceeding Land lax. Four hundred and Fourteen thousand Pounds, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of Six hundred Nineteen thousand Three hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine-pence, for disbanding the Army, and other Uses therein mentioned: And that Sir John Trevor do carry up the Bill to the Lords for Lonfe re- their Concurrence: And that he do remind the Lords of

minded of the Bill, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the

Bills. Woollen Manufactures; and of the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing a former Act, intituled, An Act for giving Liberty to buy and export Leather, and Skins tanned or dressed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 9’ die , 1678.

Phayers. ‘ "

PlatyT’s A, N ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, /V An Act to enable Thomas Platyr Gentleman to sell Lands for Payment of Debts charged upon the same; |tnd reimbursing him such Sums of Money as he hath or shall lay out, in repairing the Breaches made by the Inundation of the Sea, and keeping the Waters out, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Puckering, Sir Rob. Thomas, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Mallet, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Powle, Sir Rob. Markham, Sir John

Pettus, Col. Tempest, Sir fVm. Lowther, Mr. Rob. fVright, Mr. fVhorwood, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Sawyer, Sir John Vol. IX.

An ingrossed Bill for making good a Mortgage made North’s by John Forth, deceased, was read the Third time. Mortgage.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to make good a Mortgage made by John Forth, deceased, to Thomas Cooke, and Nicolas Carey; and for making Provision for Henry Forth, Son of the said John Forth: and that Sir John Trevor do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Bill* Mnt Edward Low; trom Lord*.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills; One intituled, An Act for the Admeasurement of Keels and Boats carrying Coals, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: The other intituled, An Act for making navigable the River Fade, alias Vale, in the County of Cornewall, with some Amendments; to which they likewise desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill, sent from this House, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing John Scoppens, and others, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for laying an additional Duty upon Supply Bill; Wines, was read the Third time. Wine Duties.

Resolved, &c.- That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an additional Duty to his Majesty, upon Wines, for Three Years: And that Sir John Trevor do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence: And that he do remind the Lords of the Lord* re- Bill, sent from this House, intituled, An Act for re- minded of a pealing a Clause in a former Act, intituled, An Act for Inlarging and Repairing of common Highways.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Torisby’s Act to enable Trustees to sell Mr. Thomas Torisby’s E*ut*‘ Lands, for Payment of Debts, and other Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Settling of certain Lands and Tenements to charita- an lw* ble and publick Uses, for the Benefit of the Parish of Kelshall, in the County of Suffolke, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, was reaa the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Hindering the . Exportation of Wool: And that Mr. Treby do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Sir Edmund Jenings reports from the Committee to

whom the Billfor the better Collecting the Duty of Hearth

Money, was committed, That the Committee had taken

the Bill, and the several Petitions to them referred, into

Consideration; and had heard the Counsel on the Behalf

of

9* — ri Julii , 1^78,

Petitioner, a§ also on the Behalf of the King: And* that the Committee had ipade several Amendments to th^ Bi\h Which he read jn Ids Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the ;s^me were once quad:

A Motion being made, That the BUI may be recommitted;

The Question being put, That the Bill be recommitted;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tefc'{s} Fot *. Y«"- 44.

’$;X«Dceri'* 1 FortheNoes’"-

And so it passed in the Negative.

-.A ad the House then proceeded to the Second Reading of the Amendments.

And several of them being read;

'Resolved, &c. That the Bill be recommitted to the same Committee: And they are to bring in a Bill singly upon the Point of Smiths Forges only; and to leave out all tl»e rest of the Bill: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

(. And then the House ad journed till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 11° dieJulii, 1678.

Lords, for \\ot agreeing with the Lords, in the slid

Amendments.

pile House then took into Consideration the Amend- Vale moot, sent from the Lands, to the Bid, intituled, An Navigation. Act for making navigable the River Fale, alias Vale, the County of Cortuzwdl.

And the Amendment being thrice read;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to the raid Amendment: And that the Bill, with the Amendment, be returned to the Lords,

An ingjrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Fore‘gn Act for Relief of poor Protestant Strangers, was read the Prott*taflU' First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Mallet reports from the Committee to whom the Platyrt Bill sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Estate’ Thomas Platyr Gentleman, to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts charged upon the same, and reimbursing him such Monies as he hath or shall lay out in repairing the Breaches made by the Inundation of the Sea; and keeping the Waters out; That the Committee had taken the Bill into Consideration; and heard all the Parties therein concerned; and had returned the Bill without any Amendment.

And the Bill being read a Third time;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

[vJjVi

Prayers.

Privilege. \ COMPLAINT being made of a Breach of Privilege XV committed against Mr. Robert Roberts, a Member of this House, by one Noah Bernard, in causing John Ferrers, Servant to the said Mr. Roberts, to be arrested and detained in Prison, at; and that the Bailiffs,

.who arrested lmn, were Charles and

veil; and that the Attorney’s Name, who prosecutes the Suit, is Anthony Macy;

Ordered,.That Mr. Speaker do summon the Parties concerned; and examine the Matter of the Complaint; and give the House an Account thereof.

Kelshall An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An

Charities- Act for Settling of certain Lands and Tenements to charitable and publick Uses, for the Benefit of the Parish of Kelshall, in the County of e,was read the

Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Pcttns, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Fr. Rolles, Mr. Alderman Bence, Mr. Wright, Sir Hen. Ford, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Tho. Sir Trevor

Williams, Mr. Mallet, Mr.

Sir John Knight, Mr. ManSir Wm. Air. Crouch,

Air. Briggs, Mr. PupilIon, Sir John Sir Wm.

Lowther, Sir Tho. Higgins, Sir Rob. Air. Love,

Air. Paston, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolke and Sujf: And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Keels, &cj The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the

carrying Amendments, sent from the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Coals. An Act for the Admeasurement of Keels and Boats carry-

ing Coals.

And the said Amendments being twice, read;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Amendments,

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Williams, Sir Ric.

Temple, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Tho. Mr. Wal-

ler, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the

24

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Edw. Low and Sir Lords desire Sam. Clerke; a Conference;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to attend you, to desire a present Conference-with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments made by this House to the Bill,' intituled, An Act for burying in Woollen: And haye commanded us to acquaint you, And agr« t» That they haye agreed to the Amendments made by this tS'Us-House to the Bill to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors and Administrators of Executors, in their own Wrong; as also to the Bill for making good a Mortgage made by John Forth, deceased, to Thomas Cooke and Nicolas Carey; and for making Provision for Henry Forth, Son of the said John Forthwithout any Alteration; and also to the Bill for granting an additional Duty to his Majesty upon Wines, for Three Years, without any Alteration.

And the Alessengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet the Conference Ix>rds at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Amendments made by this House to the Bill Woollen, intituled, An Act for burying in Woollen.

And the Messengers being called in;

Air, Speaker acquaints them. That the House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Williams,

Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Waller, Air. > Sir John Tal-

bot, Sir George Downing, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Hen. Ford,

Sir Tho. Clcrgis, Mr. Perwle, Sir John Trevor, do attend,

and manage the said Conference.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the Conference had with the Lords, That the Lord Chancellor did manage the Conference; and acquainted them, That the Lords had agreed to all the Amendments, except the Amendments in the 23d, 24th, 25th, 28th, and 29th Lines in the Third Press of the said Bill: Which, Amendments, do relate to the Distribution of the Penalty of Five Pounds, for not being buried in Woollen: And that the Reasons which were offered, were to the Effect following;

For that the King was Creditor Pccncc; and for That this House had agreed with the Lords in the Distribution of the other Five Pounds Penalty upon the Officers for Neglecting of their Duties; and for that the Lords did conceive, that the giving the King a Part would be a Aleans to have the Law the better executed.

The

[)eer.

Mi?

L-yi

Wwi

go Car. II.

11° — 12°

St 3

Delays in fcuits.

The House taking the said Amendments into Consideration;

Resolved8cc. That this House doth adhere to the saiil Amendments.

Ordered, That the Members who did manage the Conference, do prepare and draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference, for adhering to the said Amendments.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 12* die Julii, 1678.

Prayers.

SI R John Birkenhead reports from the Committee to whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reviving a former Act, intituled, An Act for ___

avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays; and for Conti- Neglects of their Duties the Cause why the Law may nuance of One other Act, intituled, An Act for the better Settling Intestates Estates; was committed; That the Committee had taken the Bill into Consideration; and made some Amendments, which he read in his Place; a nd afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same w ere twice read, and, upon the Question, agreed.

And the Bill, with the Amendments, being read a Third time;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, w'ith the Amendments, do pass: And that Sir John Birkenhead do carry back the Bill with the Amendments to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Law: But where a Statute creates an Offence, and a Penalty, it has been usual therein also to provide the Distribution thereof according to the Nature of the Case; and in many of those Laws the King has no Part of the Penalty.

As to the Second, We say, That in regard the Commons have agreed with your Lordships in the Distribution of the latter Penalty which is upon the Offences, we hope your Lordships will not from thence argue, that therefore the Commons must agree in the First also; but on the contrary, that since the Commons have agreed with your Lordships in One Part, your Lordships will bfe pleased to agree with them in the other; especially w hen your Lordships shall consider the Difference of the Cases: For as to the Five Pounds Penalty in which the Commons agree with your Lordships, it is the Penalty upon Officers, for wilful Breach of their Duties: Ana they being generally People of Substance, and by such

not be observed, the Commons did think it reasonable, that his Majesty Should have a Part of that Penalty; and so leave them to Westminster Hall.

But, the Five Pounds Penalty, concerning which the present Debate is, is the Penalty for not being buried in Woollen; which concerns every body; and the poorer Sort make the Bulk of the People: And therefore the Commons do not think fit to give any Part of this Penalty to his Majesty. For, as they are informed, although by the Bill this Penalty is to be levied by Warrant of any One Justice of the Peace; yet that if the King be intitled to any Part of the Penalty, the King may sue for his Part in any of his Courts at Westminster', and so the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of all the Pool:

Foreign

Protestants.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Relief of poor Protestant Strangers, was read to London; which would be very vexatious.

of the Nation, as well as of the Rich, may be brought ub

Besides, it

Air

the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; It passed in the N egative.

Resolved, Scc. That the Bill be rejected.

Destroying

peer.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent the unlawful Coursing, Hunting, Killing,

Selling, or Buying of Deer, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a

Second time;

The House divide.

The Yeas go out.

... , fSir Trevor Williams, tellers,|Sh. //;)M

1

».l

Tellers fSir H

’ [Sir Edm.

for the Noes, 65.

for the Yeas, 57.

Bill for burying in Woollen.

being by your Lordships, That this Penalty is to be levied by One Justice of the Peace, the Justices will be hereby made liable to account to his Majesty for the Money; which will deter Justices of the Peace from putting so good a Law in Execution.

As to the Third, We say, That we do not look upon it. That the Intitling the King to a Part of the Forfeiture, will any way conduce to the better Executing of the Lafr.

It is the Giving of considerable Encouragement to Informers, that puts them upon Information and Prosecutions.

And whereas your Lordships leave only One Fourth-part, being but Five-and-twenty Shillings, to the Informer, giving the other Part of that Moiety to the King; we doubt, that the Encouragement to Informers would thereby become so small and inconsiderable, as that the Act would come to nothing.

Your Lordships may further consider, That this Business of burying in Woollen, doth neither concern the King’s Prerogative, nor his Revenue, but only the Good and Welfare of the Country: And therefore, that the

And so it passed in the Negative.

Sir George Dozcneingreports from the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, for adhering to the Amendments to the Bill for burying iu Woollen, That the Com- whole Design and Scope of the Bill is, that it may be mittee had agreed upon Reasons: Which he read; and carried on and managed as such by Parish Registers, are as followeth; viz. Warrants of the Justice, and the Accompts of the

The Reasons, alledged by your Lordships at the last Overseers of the Poor.

Conference, Why you did not agree to the Amendment But if the King be intitled to any Part of this Penalty, made by the Commons, for the Distribution of the Pe- then the Matter may be carried out of the County; which nalty of Five Pounds, for not being buried in Woollen, the Commons desire to prevent and provide against. Be-

were principally these;

" Because the King is Creditor Peetiee."

" Because the Commons liacl agreed with your Lordships in the Distribution of the other Five Pounds Penalty upon the Officers, for Neglecting of their Duties."

sides, by the Law, in the Eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for burying in Woollen, this Penalty for not burying in Woollen is therein directed; and no Part thereof directed to the King. So that this Law takes not aw ay any thing from his Majesty. If this Law never pass, this

Because your Lordships do conceive, that the Giving Penalty ot live Pounds is still in being, and no Part therte-the King a Part of the Penalty, will be a Means to have of to the King, by another perpetual Law: And therefore the Law the better executed." we hope your Lordships w ill not stop a Bill which is of so

All which was reported to the Commons: But, upon publick and great Concern to ...; especially considering the whole Matter, they have thought fit to adhere to the present extreme Lowness of Wool, and Want of Em-the’tr former Amendments; and to acquaint your Lord- ployment for the Manufacturers and Workers thereof; ships therewith. and that the Finding out of Means for the Consumption

And as to your Lordships First Reason, We sny, That of Woollen Manufactures would he a more probable we grant, that the King is Creditor Patnce, by the Common Means to keep the Wool of this Kingdom from being

Yol. IX. 0 0 exported

Reels, &c.

carrying

Coals,

Conference

desired.

Bills sent from Lords.

Lords agree to Conference.

514 12° — 13° Julii. A. 1678.

exported unmanufactured, than any penal Laws are or can be made to that Purpose.

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, for not agreeing to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Rill, intituled, An Act for the Admeasurement of Keels and Boats carrying Coals, That the Committee had agreed upon Reasons: Which he read in his Place; and are as followeth;

The Amendments, made by your Lordships, do relate to the declaring Sunderland to be a distinct Port, and not a Member of the Port of Newcastle; whereas hath been always reputed and taken as a Member of Newcastle, in relation to Custom-house Affairs; and under the Customer, Comptroller, and other Patent Custom-house Officers of Newcastle, who have always had, and now

have their Deputies there: And by the Act of Frauds, made in the Fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, the Power of assigning and appointing Ports, Members, and Creeks, and the Declaring to what Head Port any Member or Creek shall belong, is vested in his Majesty: And, pursuant to That Act, about Two Years since, a Commission issued out of the Exchequer, wherein Sunderland is declared by his Majesty to be a Member of Newcastle.

If Sunderland Should be made a distinct Portsrom Newcastle, there must he a distinct Port from;

there must be distinct Patent Officers; which would be a considerable Charge to the King, besides the Infringing the Rights of the present Patent Officers of Newcastle, who have Sunderland within their Grants. It is better for his Majesty's Customs, and for the Coal Traders, that these Places Should be under One Head Office, than under distinct Offices and Officers; that so there may be One uniform Method and Management.

As to the Proviso offered at the End of the Bill, there was no such Proviso in the Act of the Ninth V.; and yet, de facto, several Commissions have issued out under

the Seal of the Bishop of Durham, for the Measuring of Keels; and this Bill doth only provide, that the Commissioners shall be named by his Majesty, but doth not mention under what Seal; nor dotli it take away any Right or Pretence of the Bishop of to have Commissions pass under his Seal: But, if by virtue of the general Words in the said Proviso, tvs. "in such Manner and Form as hath been accustomed," the Meaning Should lie, todraw the Nomination of the Commissioners to be in the Bisj10p^ it might prove prejudicial to his Majesty's Customs

THE House then proceeded to the Reading of the Insolvent Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for the Debtors, further Relief and Discharge of poor distressed Prisoners:

Which being thrice read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

The House then proceeded to the Reading of the Highwayi. Amendments, sent from the Lords, to the Bill for repealing a Clause in a former Act for repairing and inlarging common Highways:

Which Amendments being thrice read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

The Members appointed did then attend and manage Pill for the Conference with the Lords. burying in

And being returned; Moolleu.

Sir George Downing acquaints the House, That the Persons appointed had attended the Conference; and delivered the Reasons for adhering to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill for burying in Woollen; and left the Bill with the Amendments with the Lords.

A11 ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Thorishy’i Act to enable Trustees to sell Air. Thomas ThorisbysEstate. Lands for Payment of Debts, and other Uses, was read the Second time.

Resolved, ike. That the Bill be committed to Sir John 1\ la licit, Colonel Kirk by, Sir A nth. Irby, Mr.

Air. Treby, Serjeant Sets, Sir Rob. Markham, Sir John

Talbot, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Lyonell/Valden, Sir Burnaby, Sir John Knight, S\r Hen.Ford, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Court.Boole, Sir Rich.Temple, Colonel Sands,

Sir John Trevor, Sir Rich. Corbet, Sir Rob. Holmes, Sir

Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Sam. Bcrnardisto Sir

Mr. PupilIon, and all that serve for the Counties of A

folke and Suffolke: And they are to examine the Suggestions and Matter of Fact contained in the Bill, and make Provision for Payment of the Debts contracted before the Settlement; and to sec the Remainder of the Estate settled to the same Uses expressed in the said Settlement; and to take Care, that the Trustees may be under an Obligation to see the Trust performed: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Henry do go up to the Lords,

to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Franklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down Two Bills; the One intituled, An Act for the further Relief and Discharge of poor distressed Prisoners for Debt, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House: The other intituled, An Act for repealing a Clause in a former Act, intituled, An Act for inlarging and repairing common Highways, with some Amendments; to which liken ise they desire the Concurrence of this House: And have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill, sent from this House, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty, of Six hundred Nineteen thousand Three hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, for disbanding the Army, and other Uses therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir John Birkenhead do go up to the l or.ts Lords, and acquaint them, That this House have agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill a,r’.eJ’toi for the further Relief and Discharge of poor distressed Prisoners for Debts: as likewise to the Amendments to the Bill for making navigable the River / and also the Amendments to the Bill for repealing certain Words in a former Act, intituled, An Act for inlarging and repairing common Highways; and to desire a Conference upon the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for admeasuring Keels and Boats carrying Coals.

Sir John Birkenhead acquaints the House, That the Coufereiict Lords hud agreed to a Conference To-uiorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sat unit, 13" die Julii, Anno 1678.

Sir Hen. Ford acquaints the House, That the Lords had agreed to a Conlerence, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the -‘Clock in the Alteration.

Prayers.

SI R John Pettus reports from the Committee to whom Kelsliall the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Chariuu. Settling of certain Lands and Tenements to charitable and publick Uses, for the Benefit of the Parish of Kdshall in the County of Suffolk?, wa# committed. That the

Committee

Berts Writ.

Keels,

r.in' \ ncj Cjulct

lords i\2rce to A meuil-i»f*nts to Lliis.

Conference on Method of pacing Bills.

Parliament

fltVthi*!*

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

30 Car. II. 130 — 150 Julii — i° — 26° Jugusti. 515

Committee had perused the Bill, and saw no Cause to make any Alteration therein; but had returned the same, without Amendment.

The House being informed, That the Committee had not sent out Summons to the Country, to appear before theiri;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the former Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And they are to send out Summons; and hear the Persons concerned therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berks, in the room of Sir Rich. Poztle, deceasccl.

The Members appointed did then attend the Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill for admeasuring Keels and Boats carrying Coals.

And being returned;

Sir Geo. Dozening acquaints the House, That the Members had attended the Conference; and delivered the Reasons; and left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Lozo and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill for burying in Woollen: And have likewise agreed to the Amendments made to the Bill for continuing the Act concerning preventing unnecessary wSuits and Delays; and the Act concerning Intestates Estates: And to desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, about the Method of passing Bills between the Two Houses.

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, as desired.

And the Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had agreed to meet the Lords at a Conference.

Ordered, That the Members, that did attend, and manage the last Conference, do attend, and manage this Conference.

And the Members being returned;

Ordered, That the Members that did manage the Conference, do prepare and draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

A M essage from the Lords, by Sir Edu ard Law and Keels, & c. Sir John 1 Joskins; carrying

IVIr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to t"oals* acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Bill for , admeasuring Keels and Boats carrying Coals, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lunce 15* die Julii, 1678.

Prayers.

SI 11 Richard Temple reports from the Committee Lords

appointed (amongst other Things) to prepare a State Amendment* of the Reasons and Proceedings, had and ottered at the Supply Conference had with the Lords, upon the Amendments, 1 made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty for enabling him to pay and disband the Forces which have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September last, a State agreed by the Committee: W hich he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the Entering of the said Report in the Journal be respited until further Order.

A Message from the King, by Sir Edward Carteret, Message t® Usher of the Black Rod; £-ttr"d the

Mr. Speaker, L"8'

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately, in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Air. Speaker, with the House, went Parliament up to attend his Majesty in the House of Lords: Where Proro»ut his Majesty was pleased to prorogue the Parliament until the First Day of August next.

Jons, 1° die Au1678.

His Majesty having, on the Fifteenth Day of July last prorogued the Parliament until this Day;

And the House being met;

A Alessage was delivered by Sir Edward Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod;

Air. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by the King, desire the immediate Attendance of this House, in the House of Lords, to hear the King’s Commission read.

And accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords: Where his Majesty’s Commission for proroguing the Parliament being read; this Parliament was, in pursuance thereof, prorogued until the Twenty-ninth of this instant August.

Jovis,29° die Augusti, 1678.

Tli E. Parliament being, on the First Day of this instant August, prorogued until this Day; and his Majesty having by his Royal Proclamation signified his Pleasure, that there Should be a further Prorogation, until the First Day of October next;

And the House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Edward Carteret, Usher of the Black JLLod;

Air. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by the King, desire the immediate Attendance of this House, in the House of Lords, to hear the King's Commission read.

And accordingly Air. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords: W here the King's Commission for proroguing the Parliament being read; this Parliament was, in pursuance thereof, prorogued until the First Day of October next.

Vol. IX.

Parliament fruther prorogued.

516 I. —

Mortis, 1* die l6?8.

THE Parliament being, on the Twenty-ninth Day of August last prorogued until this Day; and his Majesty having, by his Royal Proclamation, signified his Pleasure, that there shall be a further Prorogation until the One-and-twentieth Day of this Instant, October; And the House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Edu-ard Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod;

Octobris. 1678.

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords, authorized by the King, desire the immediate Attendance of this House, in the House of Lords, to hear the King’s Commission read.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords: Where the King’s Commission for proroguing the Parliament being read; this Parliament was, in pursuance thereof, prorogued until the One-and-twentieth Day of this present October.

Larue, 21* die Octobris, 1678.

Prayers.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand sit every Monday in the Afternoon, in the House. Con.nntttM.

Message to attend the King.

Tb« King’s

Speech

reported.

Outlawries.

A MESSAGE from the Lords by Sir Edward Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod; do sit every Wednesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House, to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went tip to attend his Majesty.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, returning;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended Ills Majesty: And that the Noise being very great, and his Majesty making use of his Paper; to the End he might not misrepeat Him, he had procured a Copy thereof: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

IH AV E thought the Time very long, since we parted last; and would not have deferred your Meeting by so many Prorogations, if I could well have met you sooner.

The Part which I have had this Summer, in the Preservation of our Neighbours, and the well Securing what was left of Flanders, is sufficiently known and acknowledged by all that are abroad.

And though, for this Cause, I have been obliged to keep up my Troops, without which our Neighbours had absolutely despaired; yet both the Honour and Interest of the Nation have been so far improved by it, that, I am confident, no Man here would repine at it, or think the Money raised for their Disbanding, to have been ill employed in their Continuance: And, I do assure you, 1 am so much more out of Purse for that Service, that I expect you Should supply it.

How far it may be necessary, considering the present State of Christendom, to reduce the Land and Sea Forces, or to what Degree, is worthy of all our serious Consideration.

I now intend to acquaint you (as I shall always do, with any thing that concerns Me), that I have been informed of a Design against my Person, by the Jesuits; of which I shall forbear any Opinion, lest I may seem to say too much, or too little: But I will leave the Matter to the Law; and, in the mean time, will take as much Care as I can, to prevent all Manner of Practices by that sort of Men, and of others too, who have been tampering in a high Degree by Foreigners, and contriving how to introduce Popery amongst us.

I shall conclude with the Recommending to you My other Concerns.

I have been under great Disappointments by the Defect of the Poll Bill. My Revenue is under great Anticipations; and, at the best, was never equal to the constant and necessary Expence of the Government; whereof I intend to have the whole State laid before you; and require you to look into it, and consider of it, with that Duty and Affection, which I am sure I shall ever find from you.

The rest I leave to the Chancellor.

A Bill touching reversing Outlawries in the King s Bench, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

7

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed of these Persons following;

Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir IVm. Lo Lord Cavendish, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Secretary Coventry, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Rob. Thomas, Sir Wm . TSir Heath,

Mr. Crouch, Sir Rob. Dillingto Sir Ad. Browne, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Mr. Wentworth , Sir Denny Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir John Talbot, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir Jo. IV aerden, Lord Ancram, Mr. Finch, Sir

man, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Hen. Sir Fr.

Sir Win. Hickman, Sir John Sir Edm.

Mr. Mainard, Mr. Browne, Sir Nic. Slaning, Sir Sam. Bemardiston, Mr. John Wright, Mr. King, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Price, Mr. GrMr. Williams, Mr, Sachaverell, Mr. Paston, Sir Nich. Mr.

Mr. Clerke, Mr. Papil/on, Sir Jo. Burnaby, Sir Ralph Cole, Sir Jo. Rolles, Colonel Norton, Sir Sir Jon. Trclemmey, Sir Tho. I we, Mr. Booth, Mr. Wright, Sir Gilb. Gerrard, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr

Sir Geo. Downing, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Campion,

Mr. Berty, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Guy, Mr Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Jones, Sir Knight, Sir Tito.

Allen, Mr. Buscawen, Mr. Lord Ashley,

Mr. Tempest, Sir Eliah HarSir Corbet, Mr. Progers, Mr. St. John, Sir Tho. Sir Harbord,

Mr. Osborne, Sir Pit. Warwick, Mr. Thyn, Mr. Windham, Sir John Elzces, Sir John Bramston, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Weld, Sir John Mr. Mr.

Howard, Colonel Phillips, Mr. Mr. Knowles,

Mr. Thyn, Sir Edm. Windham, Sir Colonel

Wheatley, Mr. Treby: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And to take into their Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will Question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the said Committee is to have Power to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information. And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And it any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate.

Cnnimifiee of PmiLvct

3oCar.II. q,i° Octobris. 517

An Orcler of the Second Day of , 1677, concerning Bribery and Drinking at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read as followeth:

Resolved, &c. That if any Person, hereafter to be elected into a Place lor to sit and serve in the House of Commons, for any County, Town, Port, or Borough, after the Teste, or the Issuing out of the Writ or Writs of Election, upon the Calling or Summoning of any Parliament hereafter; or, after any such Place becomes vacant hereafter in the Time of Parliament, shall by himself, or by any other in his Behalf, or at his Charge, at any Time before the Day of his Election, giVe any Person or Persons, having Vote in any such Election, any Meat or Drink, exceeding in the true Value of Ten Pounds in the Whole, in any Place or Places, but in his own Dwelling House or Habitation, being the usual Place of his Abode for Six Months last past; or shall, before such Election be made and declared, make any other Present, Gift, or Reward, or Promise, Obligation, or Engagement to do the same, either to any such Person or Persons iti particular, or to any such County, City, Town, Port, or Borough in general; or to, or for the Use and Benefit of them, or any of them; every such Entertainment, Present, Gift, Reward, Promise, Obligation or Engagement, is by tins House declared to be Bribery: And such Entertainment, Present, Gift, Reward, Promise, Obligation, or Engagement being duly proved, is and shall be a sufficient Ground, Cause, and Matter, to make every such Election void, as to the Person so offending, and to render the Person so elected incapable to sit in Parliament by such Election: And hereof the Committee of Elections and Privileges is appointed to take especial Notice and Care; and to act and determine Matters coming before them, accordingly.

Resolved, See. That the Order do continue a Standing Order of the House; and an Instruction to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; and to commence from the said Second Day of April, 1677.

Privilege — The House being informed, that Michael Mallet

Memb" Esquire, One of the Members of this honourable House, impnsone . commi^e(j priSOner to the

Ordered, That an Order be sent to the Constable of the Tower, or his Deputy, to bring the said Mr. Mallet to this House Tomorrow Morning, together with the Cause of his Commitment.

Berks A Petition of Henry Alexander Esquire, Earl of

Election. SterUne, in the Kingdom of Scotland, complaining of an undue Practice in the Sheriff of Berkshire, in returning William Barker Esquire, together with the Petitioner, to serve in this present Parliament as Knight of the Shire for the said County of Berks, in Injury of the Petitioner, who, as he alledges, was duly elected, and ought to have been singly returned; was read.

A Petition of William Barker Esquire, complaining likewise of an undue Practice in the said Sheriff, in returning the said Henry Esquire, Earl of

SterUne, in the Kingdom of Scotland, together with the Petitioner, who, as he also alledges, was duly elected,

and ought to have been singly returned....

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, together with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Durham A Petition of Wm. Tempest, Esquire; complaining of Election. an undue Practice in the Mayor of the City, and Sheriff of the County of Durham; in returning John Esquire, to serve for the said City of in Injury

of the Petitioner; who, as he alledges, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: was read.

o % m 7

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, together with their Opinions therein, to the House.

New Writs Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant

to be issued, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for

Vol. IX.

the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shoram, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Edward Blaker Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull in the County of York, in the room of Andrew Marvell Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town and County of Southampton, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Richard Ford Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex, in the room of Edward Sackvile Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new WTrit, for the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Henry Eyres Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye in the County of Slip)bike, in the room of Sir George Reeves Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve for the County of Flint, in the room of Sir 7720. Hanmer Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a Member to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Andover in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir KingsmilI Lucy Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Member to serve for the Town of Northampton in the County of Northampton, in the room of Henry Lord O Brion, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Pembrooke, in the room of Arthur Owen Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to give Notice to the Clerk of the Crown, to take care that the Writs for the new Elections be delivered to the Hands of the High Sheriffs of the respective Counties: And that the House do expect an Account thereof.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That a Committee be Preservation appointed to consider of Ways and Means for providing of King’* Remedies for the better Preservation and Safety of his *>erson* Majesty's Person: And that an humble Address be pre- piernoving sented to his Majesty, for removing all Popish Recusants Papists, from w ithin Twenty Miles of the City of London.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Robert Saicyei',

Sir Nich. Carey, Sir John Trevor, Lord Cavendish, Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Sachavercll, Sir Tho. Sir

Deering, Sir Chris. Musgrave, Sir John Rolles, Sir Wm.

Hickman, Sir EliabHaroy, Sir Gilbert Sir

Lmvther, Mr. Ptnvle, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Tho. Cterges,

Sir Rob. Thomas, Mr. Williams, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Wright,

Sir John Ernie, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Hen. Puckering,

Mr. Booth, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Jonath Trelmney, Sir Hen. Capell, or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And to report the same, with their Opinions therein; to the House: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

6 P

518 2 i8 — 22° — 230 Octobris. A. 1678.

Popish Plot.- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine ' Murderot Sir concerning the Murder of Sir Godfrey, and

uo frey. tQ inquire ;nto the Manner and Means how he came by his Death: And likewise to inquire into the Particulars of the Plot and Conspiracy, mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech, against his Person and Government.

And it is referred to Sir Hickman, Sir rard, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Nick. Carey, Mr. Lord

Russell, Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir John Trevor, Sir 7'ho. ges, Mr. Love, Lord Cavendish, Lord Mr. Se-

cretary Coventry, Sir Ch. Harbord, Sir Harvey, Sir Adam Brozcne, Sir Hen. Puckering, Sir Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Eliah Sir Tho. Stringer,

Mr. Bern ct, Sir John Mr. Crouch, Sir Nick. Slaning, Mr. Finch, Sir John Barnaby, Sir Hen. Capell, Col. Wheatley, Sir Rob. Mr. Booth, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Waller, Sir Irby, Sir Chr.

Sir John RoVes, Sir Joh Sir Sir

Rob. 7homas.Sir Tho: Lee,'Serf nut Gregory, Sir

Brampsion, Sir Tho. Mcercs, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Knight, Mr. Westfaling, Mr. King, Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

Wright, Sir John Coventry, Sir Gilbert And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to report the Matter, together with their Opinions therein, to the House: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Address for Ordered, That an Address be made to his Majesty, by Papers. such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, humbly to desire his Majesty That all Papers which do relate to the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech against his Person and Government, may be communicated to the said Committee.

Inquiry if Ordered, That the Committee last appointed, do in-wirtf ur* Qu're> Whether, contrary to the Law for hindering Dan-,n te' gers which may happen from Popish Recusants, any Persons have since got into any Employment, Military or Civil: And if any such appear, That an Address be made to his Majesty to remove them.

Address for A Message from the Lords, by my Lord Chief Justice Fast. . North, and Mr. Justice Jones:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have resolved to address to his Majesty, to appoint a Day for a solemn Fast and Humiliation: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Address being left; and the Messengers being withdrawn;

The Address was twice read.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address, filling up the Flank with the Word " Commons."

And the Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed with the Lords in the said Address; filling up the Flank with the Word " Commons."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 22* die Octobris, l6?8.

Pra VERS.

A PETIT ION of Richard Strode Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of George Treby Esquire to serve for the Borough of Plimpton Earle in the County of Devon, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected to serve for the said Borough, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Mauleverer Baronet, complaining of an undue Return of Roussea JVentmrth to

24

Plimpton

Election.

Alboroogh

Election.

serve for the Borough of Alborough in the County of Yorke, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill for settling certain Lands to charitable Uses, Kelsball within the Parish of Kelshall in the County of Charitie*.

was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy King ap.

and Sir Win. Beversham; points to b«

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint atttndei you, That his Majesty having been attended with the White Staves, to know his Majesty’s Pleasure when both Houses may attend him with the Address, his Majesty had appointed this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Banqueting House, for both Houses to attend him.

And then the House adjourned until half an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met in order to attend his Majesty; The King

attended.

Adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii,23° die Octobris, 1678.

Prayers.

A PETITION of John Coryton Esquire, com-Newport plaining of an undue Return of Ambrose Manaton Election. Esquire, to serve for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall; alledging that the said Manaton was

returned but by One of the Vianders of the said Borough; whereas the Two Vianders make but one Officer; and that the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof: But the Committee is in the first place to examine the Merits of the said Return; and report the same, together with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Majesty Answer to with the Address, for appointing a Day for a solemn East: Address for And that his Majesty was pleased to return Answer, That a ^a8t-He would give speedy Order for a Fast, according to the Address.

Ordered, That the Dean of St. Pauls be desired to preach before this House at St. MWestminster, on the said Fast Day: And Mr. Speaker is desired to give him Notice.

Resolved, That this House will solemnize the Fifth of 5th Nov.'to November at St.Margaret's, Wis I mins ter. he solem-

Ordered, That the Dean of Canterbury be desired to ni2,<1, preach before the House at St.Margaret's, Westminster,

on the Filth Day of November: And that Mr. Speaker be desired to give him Notice.

A Petition of Wm. Wogan Esquire, complaining of an Haverford undue Return of Sir Herbert Perrot Knight, to serve for West the Town and County of Haverford West, in Injury of Election, the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Bill

30 Car. II. 23* — 24" Octobris.

5*9

Papists not to sit in Parliament

Popish Plot.

lk

h

Address for

removing

Papists.

Tai;

on it. ity

w$

;q;

nd

ive

)ti-

in

n;

m,

ty

t: Acs it*1* ie

to

r,

to

of $ it tie

r,

’.i

1 Br* t u {Et6»

A Bill for hindering Papists to sit in either House of Parliament, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter concerning the Plot and Conspiracy, mentioned in his Majesty s Speech, against his Person and Government, be heard at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Oates be forthwith sent for,' to give in his Testimony at the Bar of this House, touching the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with his Messengers, and bring Mr. to the Bar of this House; and all Constables and other Officers and Persons whatsoever are required to be aiding and assisting to him herein, if Need require.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Godfrey be forthwith sent for to attend with the Papers and Examinations taken by Sir EdmundburyGodfrey, and now remaining

in his Custody sealed up, touching the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, for removing of all Popish Recusants from within Twenty Miles of the City of London, an Address agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth;

WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

and Commons, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our serious Consideration the bloody and traiterous Designs of Popish Recusants against Your Majesty’s Sacred Person and Government, and the Protestant Religion, wherewith Your Majesty hath been graciously pleased to acquaint us: For the preventing w hereof, we do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, That Your Majesty would graciously please, by Your Royal Proclamation, to command all and every Person and Persons, being Popish Recusants, or so reputed, forthwith, under Pain of Your Majesty's highest Displeasure, and severe Execution of Your Law s against them, to departand retire themselves and their Families from Your Royal Palaces of Whitehall, Somersett House, and St. James's, the Cities

of London and Westminster, and from all other Places within Ten Miles of the same; and that no such Person or Persons do presume at any time hereafter to repair or return to Your Majesty’s said Palaces, or the said Cities, or either of them, or within Ten Miles of the same; other than Householders being Traders exercising some Trade or Manual Occupation, and settled for Twelve Months last past in Houses of their own, and not having an Habitation elsewhere; giving in their own Names, and the Names of all other Persons in their Families, to the Two next Justices of the Peace: And that it may be inserted in the said Proclamation, That, immediately after the Day limited for their Departure, the Constables, Churchwardens, and other the Parish Officers, go from House to House in their several Parishes, Hamlets, Constableries, and Divisions, respectively; and there take an Account of the Names and Surnames of all such Persons as are Popish Recusants, or suspected so to be, as well Householders* as Lodgers or Servants; and to carry a List of their Names to the Two next Justices of the Peace; who are to be thereby required and injoined to send for them, and every of them, and to tender them, and to every of them, the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; and to commit to Prison, till the next succeeding Sessions of the Peace, all such Persons as shall refuse the said Oaths, and at the said Sessions to proceed against them according to Law: And that Your Majesty will be pleased to direct Commissions to be forthwith issued Vol. IX.

under the Great Seal of England to all Justices within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within Ten Miles of the same, to authorize and require them, or any Two of them, to administer the said Oaths accordingly:

And that Your Majesty would further please to command.

That no Warrant or License be granted by the Lords of Your Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, or any of them, or otherwise, for the Stay, Return, or Repair of any such Person or Persons, in or to any of the said Places, till some more effectual Law be passed for preventing the said Popish Conspiracies, and for the Preservation of Your Majesty’s Sacred Person, and the Religion and Government by Law established; for which we Your Majesty’s most Loyal and Dutiful Subjects will always employ our utmost Endeavours and daily Prayers.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevor do carry up the Address

to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Mr. Oates was then called in to the Bar of the House; Popish PI. and gave in his Information touching the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned in his Majesty s Speech: And, having therein given an Account of certain Benedictine Monks, who lodge in the Wardrobe in the Savoy;

Ordered, That the Members of the House, who are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster, do forthwith issue out their Warrant for apprehending the Benedictine Monks; and so searching their Lodgings: and for seizing their Books Papers, and Writings.

The House being informed, that Mr. Michael Godfrey was, according to the Order of the House, attending with the Papers of the Examinations taken by Sir Godfrey, touching the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech.

Ordered, That Mr. Godfrey do deliver the Papers, which are in his Custody sealed up, in to this House.

And Mr. Godfrey being called in; did deliver the Papers sealed up: And informed the House, That he found the same in a Drawer in his Brother’s Study; and that his Clerk told him, they were the Examinations of Mr. Oates taken by Sir Edmundbury Godfrey, touching the Plot and Conspiracy; and that he caused the same to be sealed up with Five several Seals; and that it was the same which he now delivered in.

The House being informed that Mr. Richard Jl/ules can give an Account of something relating to Sir mundbury Gods rey;

Ordered, That Mr. Mules be summoned to attend the House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Oates do attend again Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 24* die Octobris, 1678.

Prayers.

ABIL L for hindering Papists to sit in either House papist* not of Parliament, was read a Second time. to sit in

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crouch, Padianwnt. Sir Nick. Carey, Serjeant Rigby, Sir John Talbot, Sir Court.

Poole, Mr. Westfaling, Sir Ad. Bro Lord Longford,

Sir John Trevor, Serjeant Gregory, Serjeant Stringer, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Williams, Sir Tho.

Sir John Knight, Mr. Pouie, Sir Rich. Sir

Irby, Sir Win. Franckland, Sir Jonath. Mr.

Weld, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr LovMr. Sir John Lowther, Sir Edm.Windham, Mr.

Mr. Browne, Sir Lan. Lake, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Deering, Mr. Henly, Sir Thomas Littleton, Lord Russell,

Mr. Stockdale, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Wm. Hickman, Serjeant Mainard, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. John Wright,

Sir Geo. Downing, Lord Cavendish, Sir Rob. Thomas,

Address for Safety of King’s Person.

Murder of Sir E. Godfrey.

Address for Safety of King’s Person.

S4P Octohris.

Murder of Sir E. Godfrey, and Popish Plot.

520

Sir Ch. Harbord, Sir Eliah Mr. Price, Colonel

Birch, Mr. Williams, Sir Tk<x Lee: And all that coine

are to have Voices: And they are to meet this After- noon, at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered \That it be made Part of the Address to be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty would be pleased to have a more strict Regard to the Preservation and Safety of his Person; and to give Order, that there may not be so great a Freedom of Resort to his Majesty’s Court; and likewise to give Order, that the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, may, during the Time of the Sitting of the Parliament, be secured ana guarded by the Militia.

Ordered, That the Members, who are appointed to draw up the Address, do withdraw, and prepare a Clause to be added to the said Address, pursuant to the said Order.

The House being acquainted, that Mr. was

attending, according to the Order of the House;

And Mr. Mulys being called in; and having delivered his Information to the House;

And being withdrawn;

And a Paper being delivered in, signed by Mr. Mulys, containing his Information;

And Mr. Mulys being called in to the liar; and owning the Contents of the said Paper;

Which Paper, being read to the House, is as followeth;

" About Five or Six Days before Sir 'mundbury Godfrey was missing from his House, I met him in St. James's Parke: and in Discourse told him, That I understood he examined Mr. Oates about a Plot, that was much discoursed of; and desired to have such an Account from . him as might be fit to be communicated. Whereupon he gave me some Short Relation, agreeing, for the most Part, with what was the common Discourse of the Town.

" After much Discourse, he added his Prayers, That God would preserve my Master; for he was in Danger. I asked him. Which of my Masters he meant. He replied, My Lord Duke of Ormond. I took him by the Hand, and prayed him to speak a little more to that Point; and to let me know Particulars: Whereupon, shaking his Head, he said, The Duke of Ormond was to be destroyed: But I must not talk much, said he, for I lie under ill Circumstances: Some great men blame me for not having done my Duty; and I am threatened by others, and very great ones too, for having done too much. He then pressed to leave me: And, without saying much more, we parted."

1U. Mulys.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee appointed to draw up a Clause to he added to the Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had agreed upon a Clause: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Address; and is as followeth:

" And whereas the Safety and Preservation of Your Majesty's Sacred Person is of so great Consequence and Concernment to the Protestant Religion, and to all Your Subjects, we do further most humbly beseech Your Majesty to command the Lord Chamberlain, and all other the Officers of Your Majesty’s Houshold, to take a strict Care, That no unknown or suspicious Persons may have Access near Your Majesty’s Person: And that Your Majesty will likewise please to command the Lord Mayor. and the Lieutenancy of London to appoint sufficient Guards of the Trained Bands within the City of London, during this Session of Parliament; and likewise the Lords Lieutenants of Middlesex and Surrey, to appoint the like Guards of the Trained Bands in Middlesex, Westminster, Southwarke, and other Places adjacent, as

shall be thought necessary."

the Papers of Examinations taken by Sir Edmundbury Godfrey touching the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned in

A. 1678.

his Majesty’s Speech, which were delivered m by Mr.

Michael Godfrey, were opened; and, by Mr. Speaker, read to the House.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee appointed to examine concerning the Murder of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey, do take into his Custody the Papers of die Examinations taken by Sir Edmundbury Gods rey, concerning the Plot mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech:

And that the Committee do prepare an Abstract thereout^ to be entered in the Journal.

Ordered, That Sir John Coventry and Mr. Hopkins be added to the Committee appointed to examine touching the Murder of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Address for John Hoskins; removing

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to Papwtt’ acquaint you, That they have agreed to the Address to be presented to his Majesty, to remove the Papists from London; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bailes and Mr. Robinson, Two of p<rs°ns to the Justices of the Peace for the County of atten ‘

be summoned to attend at the Bar of the House; to give an Account concerning Sir Edmundbury Godfrey.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of Address fur the Amendments made by the Lords to the Address for I®n’ovinS Removing of Papists from London. ap

The First Amendment being, for filling up the Blank in the First Folio, with the Words, " Lords Spiritual and Temporal," was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Second Amendment, Folio Third, Line Twenty-two, being for leaving out of the Words, " or any of them, or"; and after the Word " otherwise" to add,

" than at the Council Board;" was, with the Addition of these Words, " to be signed by Six of the Lords of the Privy Council, whereof the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, or Principal Secretary of State, to be One," upon the Question, agreed.

Mr. Robinson, being called in, to give an Account MurderofSir concerning Sir Edmundbury Godfrey, informed the Godirey. House, that he met Sir Edmundbury Godfrey at the Sessions at Westminster, on Tuesday and Wednesday before he was missing: And that he asked him, Whether he had any Hand in taking the Informations touching the Plot: And that he made him Answer, That he had taken them, though very unwillingly: And, desiring of him, that he might see them, he told him, That he could not; for that he had left them with my Lord Chief Justice Scroggs: And that, dining with him on Wednesday, and discoursing concerning the Plot, and the Examinations touching the same, Sir Edmundbury Godfrey said these Words to him; " I have taken them; and I know not what will be the Consequence of them; but I believe I shall be the first MartyrAnd that he desired him to give him his Reasons for such his Apprehensions: Which he refused to do.

Mr. Oates being called in; and having given in a p0pish Plot, further Information to the House, touching the said Plot and Conspiracy;

Ordered, That the Justices of the Peace for thel County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster, do with- |{ draw, and take the Examination of Mr. Oates upon Oath, fi

Ordered, That Sir Jo. Trevor, Mr. Sachaverell, Mr.

Williams, Sir John Heath, Sir Geo. Mr. Pavil-

ion, or any Three of them, be appointed to search Air.

Richard Lang home's Papers, and other Writings, in his Study, in the Inner Temple: And that the now Treasurer of that Society, he desired to assist the said Committee, accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Langhome's Brother be summoned to attend at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered,

Ik.

ta

on

(on

fc;

1*1

at!

*1

3o Car. II.

340 — 25° OctobriSi

GjT

Ordered, That the Benchers of the Inner Temple be desired to search Mr. Lang homs Brothers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members who are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and City of London, do issue out their Warrant for the Searching the House of Mr. Langkorne's Brother; and for seizing of such Papers and Writings as they shall there find relating to the Plot and Conspiracy.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Browie, and other the Members, w ho are Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry, do issue out their Warrant for Searching of Caerlisle House, in Lambeth Marsh: And they are desired to see the same executed.

,r The House being acquainted, that the Justices of the I Peace for the County of Middlesex had taken the Exa-I mutations of Mr. Oates upon Oath;

Ordered, That the Members of thq House who are Justices of the Veace torfhe County oiRluialesex, Tnd LVty oi'it iMnunster, do iss'ue due ffieif TV arrants, pursuant to the Examinations by them taken, for the Apprehending of all such Persons, and Searching all such Houses, and Seizing of all Papers and Writings, as are within their Liberties and Jurisdictions.

Ordered, That my Lord Chief Justice be desired forthwith to repair to the House: And that Mr. Speaker be desired to signify to him the Pleasure of the House, by a Letter.

Which was accordingly done; and sent by Sir John Trevor, and Mr. Solicitor General.

Ordered, That Mr. White, alias Whitebread, and Mr. Mico, be removed from the House where they now are, to Newgate, in case they be in a fit Condition to be removed.

Mr. Solicitor General acquaints the House, That, in pursuance of the Order of the House, they had delivered Mr. Speaker’s Letter to my Lord Chief Justice: And that my Lord Chief Justice was come along with them.

And, my Lord Chief Justice being called in; Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the Reasons why the House had sent for him.

And my Lord Chief Justice being withdrawn into Mr. Speaker’s Chamber;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do wait upon his Majesty this Night; and communicate to Him the Informations the House has this Day received, of the Danger that his Majesty, and the Nation, lies under.

Ordered, That Mr. Oates do attend again Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Thanks of the House be returned to my Lord Chief Justice, for his great Care and Diligence in the present Affairs.

And my Lord Chief Justice being called into the House; Mr. Speaker did accordingly give him the Thanks of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 25* die Octobris, 1678.

cp:

Mr. Speaker communicates Information to the King.

Committee to examine perms net able to attend.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, That, in pursuance of the Order of the House of Yesterday, he had waited upon his Majesty; and acquainted Him with the Informations the House had Yesterday received: And that His Majesty was pleased to acknowledge the great Care of this House, in the Preservation of his Person and Government And that his Majesty was informed, That Mr. White, alias Whitebread, and Mr. Mico, were at present very sick; but that his Majesty would send to see them, and if they were in a Condition fit to be removed, they Should be forthwith sent to Newgate.

Ordered, That the Members of this House who are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, do repair to the Lodgings of Mr. White, alias Whitebread, and Vol. IX.

Mr. Mico; and take their Examinations, touching the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned in his Majesty's Speech, against his Person and Government; and do issue out their Warrant for searching their Lodgings, and seizing all such Papers and Writings relating thereto, as shall be there found.

A Petition of Sir Walter Young, Baronet, complain- Newport ing of an undue Return of Ambrose Manaton Esquire, Election, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Newport in the County of Cornwall, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir John Trevor acquaints the House, That the Persons Committed appointed to search Mr. Richard Langkorne's Papers, reports repaired to his Chamber; where they found several *^arch for Presses, and a Cabinet of Papers; And that £he same ap,r were very numerous: And that they had found some Papers, which they conceived to be of Moment: And that they would proceed further in their Search, So soon as they had convenient Time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Langkorne's Brother was without in the Lobby, in the Custody of a Constable;

Ordered, That the Members, who are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, do examine Mr. Langkorne's Brother, touching the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech; and touching the Papers in his Brother’s Study.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Hickman do carry up the Address for Address for removing the Papists from London, with the "moving Addition made by this House, to the Amendments made Fapiit*-by the Lords; for the Lords Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go and fetch Mr. Oates to Mr. Oates, forthwith. attend.

Ordered, That the Lobby be cleared.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee ap- Committee pointed to examine concerning the Murder of Sir Ed- to examine mundbury Godfrey; to examine and consider of the PaPer8* Papers, Boxes, and other Things, seized in the Savoy, in the Lodgings of the Benedictine Monks; and report their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin, Address for and Sir William Beversham; removing

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- *aP13ts* quaint you, That they have agreed to the Addition made by this House, to the Lords Amendments to the Address of both Houses, to be presented to his Majesty, for removing Papists from London.

Ordered, That no Member do depart the Service of the House without Leave.

Mr. Oates, being called in, did give in a further In- Popish Plot, formation to the House, touching the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech.

Ordered, That the Members of the House, who are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, do withdraw, and take the Examinations of Mr. Oates upon Oath.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Papists not hindering Papists to sit in either House of Parliament, tysitinPar-was committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon atIiaa, ent-Three of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Doctor Tongue and Mr. Oates be sum- Popish Plot, moned to attend at the Bar of this House, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; to give an Account touching

6 Q the

Popish Plot,

Committee

added.

Papists not to sit in Parliament,

Altlborough

Election.

Address for

Coleman’s

Papers.

Popish Plot.

523 250 — 26* — 28° . 1678.

the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech, against his Person and Government.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

DOCTOR Tongue, being called in, gave an Account to the House, of the Manner and Proceedings of his Receiving of the Informations from Mr. Oates, touching the Plot and Conspiracy; and likewise by what Means he did communicate the same to his Majesty; and the Persons his Majesty appointed to receive the same.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oates had something further to inform the House;

Mr. Oates was called in: And having delivered his Information;

Ordered, That the Members who are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, do withdraw', and take the Examination of Mr. Oates upon Oath.

Ordered, That Doctor Tongue do attend again Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock; to give an Account concerning the Firing the City of London.

Ordered, That the Secretaries be desired to move the King, That the Keys of Mr. Chamber may

be delivered by the Messengers in whose Hands the same are, to the Committee appointed by the House to search Mr. Langhorne's Papers and Writings.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, he had attended his quest for Majesty; and acquainted him with the Desires of this *>aPers» &c-House, That a Committee of this House might have Leave to search Mr. Langhorne's Papers: And that his Majesty was pleased to give Leave, that the same may be searched; and had appointed Two of the Clerks of the Council to assist the Committee therein: And that his Majesty was pleased to deliver him some of Mr.

Colemans Papers sealed up; and ordered him to deliver the same to the House: And had also commanded him to acquaint the House, That the rest of Mr. Coleman's Papers were at present under Examination before the House of Lords; and that when the Lords had done with them they Should be communicated to this House.

And the Papers were accordingly, by Mr. Secretary Williamson, delivered in, sealed up.

-j'W > . 4.

A MeJfeftge -frenrthe Lords,* by Sir King ap.

and Sir Wm. Beversham; P®1Dts to U

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded to acquaint you, attende<1, that the Lords of the White Staves have waited upon his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, when both Houses shall attend Him with the Address for removing the Papists from London: And that his Majesty has appointed this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, for both Houses to attend Him, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon.

Sabbati, 26* die 1678.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Bagnall be added to the Committee appointed to search Mr. Richard Langhorne s Papers and Writings.

Sir John Knight reports from the Committee to w’hom the Bill for hindering Papists to sit in either House of Parliament, was committed, That the Committee had taken the Bill into their Consideration; and had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, with some Amendments made at the Table, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Burghers of the Borough of Aldbo-rough, in the County of Yorke, complaining, That Sir John Rereshy had procured himself to be returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, although he was not duly elected, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, That Mr. Colemans Papers, and all other Papers relating to the Plot and Conspiracy, mentioned by his Majesty in his Speech, may be communicated to the House.

Mr. Tongue being called in, to give an Account touching the Firing of the City of Land he having reduced his Information into Writing, which he delivered in to the Clerk; and the same being read to the House;

Ordered, That the Papers delivered in by Doctor Tongue, relating to the Firing of the City of London, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee appointed to examine concerning the Murder of Sir Godfrey, to make an Expect thereout; and report the, same to the Housp.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met, in order to attend his The King Majesty with the Address; attended.

Adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 28" die Octobris, 1678.

Prayers.

THE House being acquainted, That Mr. Oates had Popish Plot some further Information to make to the House;

Ordered, That Mr. Oates be forthwith summoned to attend the House.

The House being informed, That there was a Discourse Room, un. of blowing up the Two Houses of Parliament; and that derneath the This was the Day for executing the same; House to be

Ordered, That Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Gilbert scarclr'ed‘ Gerrard, Sir Ph. Warwick, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho.

Clerges, Sir Rich. Everard, do go and search the Rooms

underneath this House.

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Ma- Answer to jesty, on Saturday last with the Address to remove the Add:ess. Papists: And that, after my Lord Chancellor had read the Address to the King, his Majesty was pleased to return Answer to this Effect;

That you shall have the Effect of your Desire; and that He would give speedy Order for putting the same in Execution.

Mr. Oates being called in; and having given in a fur- popUb Plot ther Information;

Ordered, That the Members, who are Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, do withdraw, and take Mr, Oates' Examination upon Oath: And that no Person be present at his Examination, save the Justices of the Peace only;

An ingrossed Bill for hindering Papists to sit in either Papists not House ©t Parliament, was read the- Third Time. > to sit» Pap-Resolved, 8vs. That the Bill do pass*: And that the Title-be, A» Actfo* the more effectual Preserving of the King's

Person

W

jo Car. II-

28'’ — 29* — ^30°

525

Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting Danger; and that he could have no Hopes to escape it,

* A_ 1 T T _ 1 ^.1. A M . A 1.1 a. ~W - Z_ Ir Ml A. Kwt X. .11 a /I *^1 4- % *% I X »« r\yv I /I R

Coleman’s

Papers.

I:

in either House of Parliament: And that Sir John Knight

do carry up the Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

The Papers delivered in by Mr. Secretary Williamson,

on Saturday last, were then opened: And in the same, there being several Letters written by Mr. Coleman in French;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to translate the Letters of Mr. Coleman.

And it is referred to Sir Rob. Southwell, Sir Tho. Meeres,

Mr. Godolphin, Lord Cavendish, Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir

John Knight, Mr. Hide, Sir Edm. Jenings, Colonel Titus,

Mr. Secretary Williamson, Sir Charles Cotterell, Lord Russell, Sir Hen.Capell, Sir Thom.Lee, Colonel Whitley, dom, or to introduce Popery; but confesses, he did en-

Sir Edw.Deerhig, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Sacharverell, Sir deavour to have this Parliament dissolved, and by That

Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Secretary Co- Means to gain a Liberty of Conscience; which he thought ventry, Mr. Papillon, Sir John Nicholas, Sir Tho. Clergis, this Parliament would never grant: And said, He ob- Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Wm. served every Sessions of Parliament the Growth of Popery Hickman, Mr. Pepis, Sir John Trevor, or any Three of complained of, notwithstanding all their Endeavours them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of against it; and believed the Catholick Religion to be the the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to send for true one, and the Protestant the false; and therefore only an Inventory of all Mr. Coleman’s Letters received by proposed a Toleration, as concluding, that it the Catho-the Clerk of the Council now in waiting: And the Com- lick Religion stood upon equal Ground, it would prevail:

but by a full and plain Discovery of his whole Knowledge of the Conspiracy; Mr. Coleman, without any particular Questions put to him, said to the Effect following;

As to any Design against the King’s Person; or for the Taking away of his Life; or the Lessening of his Power, he totally denies any Knowledge of it, or that he ever did design it, or ever heard of any such Design or Intention, either directly or indirectly: He totally denies, that he ever knew or heard of any Commissions for raising an Army, or any Intent or Design of raising an Army, till of late that he heard so, when he was examined by the Lords: He utterly denies, that he ever designed or endeavoured to change the Religion established in this King-

mittee has Records.

Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 29* Octobris, 1678. Prayers.

MurderofSir /ORDERED, That the Committee appointed to

E. Godfrey, v/ examine concerning the Murder of Sir Edmundbury together by the Countenance and Expectation they had

And says, He did endeavour to get Three hundred thousand Pounds from France; hoping that thereby his Majesty might be prevailed on to dissolve this Parliament, rather than wait for an uncertain Sum: And says, there was not Three Men in England acquainted wflth these his Designs, or with his Correspondence; but that the Duke of York was acquainted with them; and he believes he communicated them to my Lord Arrundell of Warder: And said, He concluded it most probable to have Money from Frame for dissolving this Parliament; in regard the Confederacy against France was chiefly supported and held

Godfrey, be revived; and do sit de die in diem, until they have perfected the Matters to them referred.

Past

Votes not to be dispersed.

Coleman’s

Papers.

Ordered, That none of the Votes of this House be dispersed or published in the Coffee-houses.

te:

deraj

h

Committee to examine, him.

\d;V3

4:3

from this Parliament.

The first Correspondency, he says, which he had in France, was by some Letters of News, which he wrote to Sir Wm. Throgmorton, about the Time of the Siege of; any News being welcome at a Siege; and by That way the Correspondency between him and La Fer-Sir John Knight reports from the Committee appointed was introduced: And says, That upon the Death of to translate Mr. Coleman’s Letters, That the Committee La Ferrier, which was about the Time that the French had translated the same: Which he delivered in to Mr. King possessed himself of French Counte (which, he takes Speaker; and were by him read to the House. it, was the Year after the Siege of Mastreicht') he sent a

Ordered, That his Majesty be humbly desired, by such Narrative to La Chese, to give him an Account of the Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Transactions that had passed betwixt La Ferrier and him; honourable Privy Council, that an Inventory or List of but after that wrote not above Three or Four letters all Mr. Coleman’s Papers, which have been sorted by the to La Chese; and that then the Correspondency betwixt Clerks of the Council, may be communicated to this them ceased.

House: And that all those Papers, which are not sorted, He also said, That he had kept a Correspondency may be delivered over to a Committee of this House. with the Pope’s Nuncio at which Correspon-

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine dency was first introduced by a Proposition that Father Mr. Coleman, touching the Plot and Conspiracy mentioned Patrick brought from the Nuncio there into England, of in his Majesty’s Speech. a great Sum of Money that Should be given by the Pope

And it is referred to Mr. Sachaverell, Colonel Birch, to the King of England, if the Catholicks here in England Mr. Williams, Colonel Titus, Mr. Powle, Sir Tho. Lit- might have some Favour answerable to it: But the Pro-tleton, Mr. Hide, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Trevor, Lord position being so confused that they did not understand it, Cavendish, Sir John Ernie, Sir Tho. Clergis, Serjeant he was sent by the Du ke of York to the Nundo at Bravells, Mainard, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir John Coventry, or any to understand the Proposition.

Committee ef Privileges.

Five of them, to go to Newgate, and examine Mr. Coleman accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, SO* die , 1678.

And he says, When he came to Brurells, the Nuncio told him, He had no Authority from the Court of Rome to make any such Proposition; but did it as a private Person, and not by Order from the Court of Rome: But says, That the Nuncio, being then to go to Rome, promised Mr. Coleman to do what Service there he could in that Business; But says, he hath not held any Correspondency with the Nuncio this Three or Four Years; nor with any other Person so as to manage an Affair: That perhaps might touch upon the Business in some Letters.

He says, The Cypher marked with the Provincial’s Mark, was the Cypher betwixt him and St. German; and

Prayers.

Coleman’s "A/TR. Sachaverell reports from the Committee which

Examination. XvA by Order of the House was appointed to take the that he always wrote to the Provincial in plain Words, Examination of Mr. Coleman, That the Committee went and not in Cypher; and that there was another Cypher to Newgate: And laying before Mr. Caiman his present betwixt him and Blankart, who was Secretary to Monsieur Y«ri. IX. Rovigney

1 1

o

° Octobr

Keeper of Newgate to attend.

Answer to request for Papers.

Keeper of

Newgate

examined.

Committees

added.

Clerk of the Crown to attend.

Delays of Writs.

524

A. 1678.

Rovigney; but That was only upon small Concerns, and not upon any thing of this Nature.

And Mr. Coleman being then asked by the Committee; Whether he knew of any other Sum of Money that was proposed or treated on; he answered, That he believed there was Money proposed, to keep the King of England from joining with the Confederates against France; but does not know of any Money paid.

Ordered, That Mr. Richardson, Keeper of the Prison of Neu'gate, be forthwith sent for to, attend this House.

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That in pursuance of the Order of this House, the Members of this House which are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, had attended his Majesty: And that his Majesty was pleased to signify, That all the Papers and Writings relating to the Plot Should be communicated to the House: And that Orders were given pursuant to his Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the Papers relating to the Plot now under Examination, be delivered to the Committee appointed to translate Mr. Coleman's Letters: And that Col. Birch, Sir Wm. Frankland, Sir CyrillJVych, Sir Tho. Mompesson,

Sir John Coventry, Lord Clifford, Mr. Sir John

Hanmer, Sir John Reresby, Sir Waerden, Sir Edw. Mansell, Mr Hall, Lord Arlington, Sir Temple, be added to the Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon; and to sit de die in diem, until they shall have perfected the Matters to them referred: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Richardson, Keeper of the Prison of Newgate, being called in, to give an Account, What Persons have had any Communication with Mr. Coleman since his Commitment; he acquainted the House, That there had not been any Person admitted to come to or converse with Mr. Coleman since his Imprisonment, except his Servant, to know what he wanted, and his Wife, by virtue of an Order from the Privy Council: And that he himself was present whilst she was with him; and that she did not deliver him any thing; and that she was not permitted to discourse to him any thing of News, nor any thing relating to the Plot now under Examination, besides the Committees appointed by each House of Parliament to examine him.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr. Solicitor Genera^ and Sir Robert Sawyer, be added to the Committee appointed to examine Mr. Richard Papers.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown be summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 31* die O, 1678. Praters.

THE Clerk of the Crown being called in to give an Account to the House, touching the Writs for Electing of new Members; acquainted the House, That he delivered the Writs to Mr. Harris, Servant to my Lord Chancellor, to be sealed: and that he shewed him the Order of the House; and demanded of him to have the Writs again, when they were sealed: and that Mr. Harris told him, That my Lord Chancellor would take Care to see the Writs delivered.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire into the Delays of issuing forth and sending down the Writs for Electing of new Members.

And it is referred to Sir Nich. Carey, Mr. Mr.

Williams, Sir Wm. Terringham, Sir Deering, Sir George Downing, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Lee, ?>\t Anth. Irby, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. or any Three

of them.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That he had some- pop^ thing to inform the House of, that might possibly make a further Discovery touching the Plot now under Examination: And that the same had relation to Mr. Robert Wright, a Member of this House, who was absent; and therefore he desired that he may be forthwith sent for to attend the Service of the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do forthwith summon Mr. Robert Wright, to attend the Service of the House.

Mr. Robert Wright being come into the House, Mr.

Speaker acquaints him, That he had received Information, that Mr. Coleman was with him in his Lodgings, the Sunday before he was committed, during the Space of Three Hours; and that he carried some Writings into the House, but did not bring the same back again: And that the House expected an Account from him, what Discourse passed between them; and whether Mr. Coleman left any Papers with him.

Mr. Wright standing up in his Place, informed the House, That Dr. Short and himself dined That Day with the Lord Chief Justice Scroggs: And that Mr. Coleman came thither to speak with Dr. Short: And that Dr. Short and Mr. Wright went with Mr. Coleman in his Coach to Mr. Wright's Lodgings; where they were together Three Hours: But that hedoes notrememberany Discourse passed between them, relating to the Plot now under Examination; and that what was there discoursed, was the general News of the Town, and such as uses to pass in common Conversation; and that he neither saw nor knows that Mr. Coleman brought any Papers with him; and that he did not leave any with him: And that he was willing, if the House thought it necessary, that Jiis Lodgings Should be searched; and delivered his Keys in order thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Windham, Sir John Sir Wm. Hickman, and Sir John Trevor do go and search Mr. Rob. Wright's Chambers in Lincoln's and his Lodgings also.

Ordered, That Doctor Short be summoned to attend the House forthwith.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch, Sir Trevor Williams,

Mr. Weld, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, and Mr. do go

and search Doctor Short's Lodgings.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Powle, Sir Cyrill Wych, Serjeant Maynard, Colonel Titus, or any Three of them, to go to Newgate, and examine Mr. Coleman, touching what Discourse passed between him and Mr. Wright, and Doctor Short, and touching other Passages, on the iSunday before he was committed.

Sir Edmund Windham acquaints the House, That the Persons appointed had searched Mr. Wright's Chamber:

And that they found no Papers there, but such as relate to his Profession only; and had likewise searched his Lodgings, but found no Papers there at all.

Dr. Short, being called in, informed the House, That he was that Sunday at Mr. Wright's Lodgings, with Mr. Coleman; and that the Discourse which passed between them was, the general News: That Mr. Coleman did mention Mr. Oates in his Discourse; but the same was so little, and so unintelligible, that he did not remember the Particulars: That he went from Mr. Wright's, with Mr. Coleman in his Coach, to a Patient in Southampton % Buildings; where Mr. Coleman left him.

Colonel Birch acquaints the House, That the Persons appointed had searched Doctor Short's Lodgings; but found no Papers relating to the Plot.

Sir Henry Capell reports to the House, That the Persons appointed had examined Mr. Coleman: And that he confesses he was with Mr. Wright; but that he did not discourse any thing with him but what was general Talk, and such as uses to pass in common Conversation; and that he brought not any Papers with him, but some loose ones in his Pocket, which he did not so much as produce there; and carried the same away with him again.

Resolved, That, upon the Examinations which have been taken before this House, and upon the Search that has been made, it does appear, that Mr. Robert Wright

has

foleman'*

taper*.

5o Ga*, II.

31* Oettbris.

525

1ms act tod taay OommuBicatkm with Mr. or

other Penan whatsoever, relating to the Plot now under Examination.

The House bemgtnfoprnenl.that the'Olerkof the Council «t attending without, with Mr. Coleman'S Papers;

Orthred, That the Papers be delivered to the Clerk of the House; and by him transmitted to the Committee appointed to ekanuBe the same.

Here followeth Three Letters, which ware entered by Order of the House; v

A Letter from Mr. Coleman to Father Le Chese, of the Nine-and-twentieth of September 1675: Another, from Mr. Coleman to Father Le Chese;

acknowledging the Sending of the same:

And the Third, A Letter from Father Chese; acknowledging the Receipt of Mr. Colemans long Letter; viz.

SINCE Father St. Germaine has been so kind as to recommend me to your Reverence so advantageously, as to encourage you to accept of my Correspondence, I will own to him, (bat he has done me a Favour, without consulting me, greater than I could have been capable off, if he had advised with me; because I Should not then have had the Confidence to have permitted him to ask it in my Behalf: And 1 am so sensible «if the Honour youare pkaeedto do me, that though I cannot deserve it, yet at least to shew the Sense I have of it, I will deal Us freely and openly with you at this First Time, as if I bad the Honour of your Acquaintance all my Life; and shall snake ao Apology for so doing, but only tell you, that 1 know your Character perfectly well, though I am not so happy as to know your Person; and that I have an Opportunity of patting this Letter into the Hands of Father ^.German’s Nephew {for whose Integrity and Prudence he has undertaken) without any sort of Hazard.

In order, then, Sir, to the Plainness which I profess,

I will tell you, what has formerly passed between your Reverend studecessor Father Ferryer»nd myself. About Three Years ago, when the King my Master sent a Troop of his Horse Guards into his Most Christian Majesty’s Service, he sent with it an Officer, called Sir JVtn. Throckmorton, with whom I had a particular Intimacy, and who had then very newly embraced the Catbohck Religion: To him did I constantly write, and -by him address myself to Father Ferryer.

The First Thing of great Importance which I presumed to offer to him {not to trouble yoa with lesser Matters, or what passed here before and immediately after the fatal Revocation of the King’s Declaration for Liberty of Conacfence, to which we owe all our late Miseries arid Hatzards) was in July, August, and September, 1-673; when I constantly inculcated the great Danger Gatholick Religiooand his Most Christian Majesty’s Interest would be in at our next Sessions of Parliament; which was-then to be in October following: At which I plainly foresaw, that the King my Matter would be forced to Something, in Prejudice of his Affiance with Frahoewhich I saw so evidently (and particularly that we Should make Peace with Holland),that I urged all the Arguments I could

(which to me were Demonstrations) to convince Your Court of that Mischief; and pressed what I could, to persuade his Christian Majesty to use his utmost Force to prevent That Sessions of our Parliament; and proposed Expedients bow to do it: Rut I was answered to often, and to positively, That'his Christian Majesty was so well assured by his Ambassador here, our Ambassador there, the Lord Arlington, and even the King tiimself, that he had no such Apprehension at mi, but was fuHy satisfied «f the contrary, and looked upon what I offered as a very zealous Mistake; that I was forced to give over arguing, though not believing as I did; but confidently appealed to Time and Success, to prove who took their Measures tightest. When it happened, teat what I foresaw, came -to pass, the good Father was a little surprised, to see all foe Great Men mistaken, and ft Little one in the right; end was leased, Sir fVih. Throckmorton, to desire the Continuance Got-

Vol. IX.

respendence: Which I was mighty willing to comply Coleman’s with; knowing the Interest of oqr King, and, in a more P«Perl* particular Manner, of mv more immediate Master the Dube, and ‘his Most Christian Majesty, to be so inseparably united, that it was impossible to divide them, without destroying them all.

Upon this, I shew, that our Parliament, in the Circumstances ?t was in, managed by the timorous Councils of our Ministers who then governed, could never be useful, either to England, France, or Catholick Religion; but that we Should as certainly he forced from our Neutrality, at their next Meeting, as we had been from our active Affiance with France the last: That a Peace, in the Circumstances we were in, was much more to be desired than the Continuance of the War: And, that the Dissolution of our Parliament would certainly procure a Peace: For that the Confederates did more depend upon the Power they had in our Parliament, than upon any thing else in the World; and were more encouraged from thence to continue fire War: So that, if That were dissolved, (heir Measures would he aH broken; and they, consequently, in a manner necessitated to a Peace.

The good Father, minding this Discourse somewhat more than the Court of France thought fit to do my former, urged it so home to the King, that his Majesty was pleased to give him Order to signify to his Royal Highness my Master, that his Majesty was fully satisfied of his R. H ss good Intentions towards him; and that lie esteemed both their Interests but as One and the same:

That my Lord Arlington, and the Parliament, were both to be looked upon as very unusefial to their Interests; and that if his Royal H* would endeavour to dissolve this Parliament, his Majesty would assist him with his Pow;er and his Purse, to have such a new one, as Should be for their Purpose.

This, and a great many more Expressions of Kindness and Confidence, Father Ferryer was pleased to communicate to Sir Wm. Throckmorton; and commanded him to send them to his R. H.; and withal to beg his R. H. to propose to his most Christian Majesty, What he thought necessary for Ms own Concern, and the Advantage of Religion: And his Majesty would certainly do all he could to advance both, or either of them. This Sir Wm. Throckmorton sent to me by an Express, who left Paris on the Second of June 1674, Stilo novo. I np sooner had it, but I communicated it to his R. H*: To which his R. H. commanded me to answer (as I did on the Twenty-ninth of foe same Month) that his R. it* was very Sensible of his most Christian Majesty’s friendship; and that he would labour to cultivate it with all toe good Offices he was capable of doing for his Majesty:

That he was fully convinced, that their Interests were both one: That my Lord Arlington, and the Parliament, were not only unuseful, but yeSry daqgerous, hoth to England and France: That therefore it was necessary, that they Should do aH they Could to dissolve it: And that his R. Highness’s Opinion was, That if his most Christian Majesty would write his Thoughts freely to the King of England upon this Subject, anu make the same offer to his Majesty of his Purse, to dissolve This, which he had made to his Royal Highness to call Another, ;he did believe it very possible for him to succeed, with the Assistance we Should be able to give him here: And toot, if this-Parliament were dissolved, there would be no great Difficulty of getting a new one, which would be more useful; the Constitution of our Parliaments being such, that a New one (an never hurt the Crown, nor fin Old one do it.good.

His R. H* being pleased to own these Propositions, which were but ohly general, I thought it reasonable to he more particular, and come closer to the Point; that if we happened to agree, we might go the faster about the Woric; and coiqe to some Issue before the Time Were too much spent. I laid this for my Maxim; The Dissolution ®f our Parliament will certainly procure a Peace: Which Proposition was granted by every body I Conversed withal, even by Monsieur himself; with

whom I took liberty of discoursing so far: but durst not R 6 say

Coleman*

Papers.

5 26 310 Octobris. A. 1678.

say any thing of the Intelligence I had with Father Ferryer. Next, That a Sum of Money certain would certainly procure a Dissolution: This some doubted; but I am sure, I never did, for I knew perfectly well, that the King had frequent Disputes with himself at That time, Whether he Should dissolve or continue them: And he several times declared, that the Arguments were so strong on both Sides, that he could not tell to which to incline; but was carried, at last, to the Continuance, by this One Argument; " If I try them once more, they may possibly give me Money: If they do, I have gained my Point: If they do not, I can dissolve them then, and be where I am now: So that I have a Possibility, at least, of getting Money for their Continuance, against Nothing of the other Side." But if we could have turned this Argument, and said, " Sir, Their Dissolution will certainly procure you Money; when you have only a bare Possibility of getting any by their Continuance;" and have shewn how far that bare Possibility was from being a Foundation to build any reasonable Hope upon (which I am sure his Majesty was sensible enough of), and how much Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling certain (which was the Sum we proposed) was better than a bare Possibility (without any Reason to hope that That would ever be compassed) of having half so much more (which was the most he designed to ask, upon some vile, dishonourable Terms); and a thousand other Hazards, which he had great Reason to be afraid of; If, I say, we had had Power to have argued thus, I am most confidently assured, he could have compassed it; for Logic in our Court, built upon Money, has more powerful Charms than any other sort of Reasoning. But to secure his most Christian Majesty from any Hazard, as to this Point, I proposed that his Majesty Should offer That Sum upon that Condition; and, if the Condition were not performed, the Money Should ne'er be due: If it were,

’ and that a Peace would certainly follow thereupon (which nobody doubted) his Majesty would gain his Ends, and save all the vast Expences of the next Campaign; by which he could not hope to better his Condition, or to put himself into more advantageous Circumstances of Treating, than he was then in; but might very possibly be much worse, considering the mighty Oppositions he was like to meet with, and the uncertain Chances of War. But admitting that his Majesty could maintain himself, by his great Strength and Conduct, in as good a Condition to treat the next Year, as he was then in (which was as much as could then reasonably be hoped for); he Should have saved by this Proposal as much as all the Men he "must needs lose, and all the Charges he would be at, in a Year, could be valued to amount to more than Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling; and so much more, in case his Condition Should decay, as it Should be worse than it was when This was made; and the Condition of his R. II. of Catholick Religion here, which depends very much upon the Success of his most Christian Majesty, delivered from a great many Frights, and real Hazards.

Father Ferryer seemed to be very sensible of the Benefit which all Parties would gain by this Proposal; but yet it was unfortunately delayed, by the unhappy and tedious Sickness, which kept him so long from the King, in French Comte, and made him so unable to wait upon his Majesty, after he did return to Paris: But so soon as he could compass it, he was pleased to acquaint his Majesty with it; and did write to the Duke himself; and did me the Honour to write also to me on the Fifteenth of September 74; and sent his Letters by Sir William Throckmorton, who came Express upon that Errand. In these Letters he gave his II. H’ fresh Assurances of his most Christian Majesty’s Friendship, and of his Zeal and Readiness to comply with every thing his Royal Highness had, or Should think fit to propose in Favour of Religion, or the Business of the Money: And that he had commanded Mons. Rouvigny, as to the latter, to treat and - deal with his R. H‘ and to receive and observe his Orders and Directions; but desired that he might not be at all concerned as to the former: But that his R. H. would

22

cause what Propositions he Should think fit to be made about Religion, to be offered either to Father Ferry er, or to Mons. Pompone.

These Letters came to us about the Middle of our September: And his R. H* expected daily, When Mons. Rouvigny Should speak to him about the Subject of that Letter: But he took no Notice at all of any thing till the Twenty-ninth of September, the Evening before the King and Duke went to Neumarket for a Fortnight; and then only said, That he had Command from his Master to give his R. H* the most firm Assurances imaginable of his Friendship, or something to that Purpose; making his R. II. a general Compliment: But made no Mention of any particular Orders relating to the Subject of Father Ferryers Letter. The Duke wondering at this Proceeding, and being obliged to stay good Part of October at Neivnm ket, and soon after his coming back, hearing of the Death of Father Ferryer, he gave over all further Prosecuting of the former Project.

But I believed I saw Mons. Policy all

along; who was willing to save his Master’s Money, upon an Assurance, that we would do all we could to stave off the Parliament for our own Sakes; that we would struggle as hard without Money, as with it: And we having by this time, upon our own Interests, prevailed to get the Parliament prorogued till the Thirteenth of April, be thought That Prorogation, being to a Day so high in the Spring, would put the Confederates so much beyond their Measures, as that it might procure a Peace; and be as useful to France as a Dissolution. Upon these Reasons, which I suppose he went upon, I had several Discourses with him; and did open myself so far to him, as to say, that I could wish his Master would give us leave to offer Three hundred thousand Pounds to our Master, for the Dissolution of the Parliament; and shew him, that a Peace would most certainly follow a Dissolution (which he agreed with me in); and that we desired not the Money from his Master, to excite our Wills, or to make us more industrious to use our utmost Power to procure a Dissolution; but to strengthen our Power and Credit with the King, and to render us more capable to succeed with his Majesty; as most certainly we Should have done, had we been fortified with such an Argument. To this purpose I pressed Mons. Pompone frequently by Sir Win. Throckmorton, who returned from hence again into France on the Tenth of November, the Day our Parliament Should have sat, but was prorogued.

Mons. Pompone, as I was informed by Sir William, did seem to approve the Thing; but yet had Two Objections against it: First, That the Sum we proposed was great, and could very ill be spared by his Master, in the Circumstances he was in To which we answered, That if, by his expending this Sum he could procure a Dissolution of our Parliament, and thereby a Peace, which every body agreed would necessarily follow, his Most Christian Majesty would save Five or Ten times a greater Sum, and so be a good Husband by his Expence: And if we did not procure a Dissolution, he would not be at That Expence at all; for that we desired him only to promise upon That Condition, which we were content to be obliged to perform first. The second Objection was, That the Duke did not move it, nor appear in it himself. To That we answered, That he did not, indeed, to Mons. Pompone, because he had found so ill an Effect of the Negociation with Father Ferryer, when it came into Mons. Rouvigny & Hands; but he had concerned himself in it to Father Yet I continued to prosecute and press the Dissolution, of the Parliament; detesting all Prorogations as only so much Loss of Time, and a Means of strengthening all those, who depended upon it, in Opposition to the Crown, the Interest of France, and Catholick Religion, in the Opinion they had taken, that our King durst not part with this Parliament, apprehending another would be much worse: Secondly, That he could not live long without a Parliament, therefore they must suddenly meet; and the longer he kept them off, the greater his Necessities would grow; and consequently, their Power, to compel him to do

what

30 Car.; II. 31® Octobris.

5*7

what they listed, would increase accordingly: And therefore, if they could but maintain themselves a while, their Day would certainly come in a Short time, in which they Should be able to work their Wills. Such Discourses as these kept the Confederates and our Malecontents in Heart, and made them weather out the War in spight of all our Prorogations: And therefore I pressed (as I have said) a Dissolution, until February last; when our Circumstances were so totally changed, that we were forced to change our Counsels too, and be as much for the Parliament’s Sitting as we were before against it. Our Change was thus: Before that Time, the Lord Arlington was the only Minister in Credit, who thought himself out of all Danger of the Parliament; he having been accused before them, and justified; and therefore was zealously for their Sitting: And, to increase his Reputation with them, and to become a perfect Favourite, he set himself, all he could, to persecute Catholick Religion, and to oppose the French. To shew his Zeal against the First, he revived some old dormant Orders for prohibiting Roman Catholicks to appear before the King; and put them into Execution at his first coming into his Office of Lord Chamberlain: And, to make sure Work against the Second, as he thought, prevailed with the King to give him and the Earl of who married Two Sisters of Men Heer O Dyke, Leave to go over into Holland, with the said to make a

Visit, as they pretended, to their Relations; but indeed, and in Truth, to propose the Lady Mary, eldest Daughter to his R. II. as a Match for the Prince of Orange; not only without the Consent, but against the good Liking, of his R. H. inso much that the Lord Creatures

wrere forced to excuse him with a Distinction, That the said Lady was not to be looked upon as the Duke’s Daughter, but as the King's, and a Child of the State; and so the Duke’s Consent not to be much considered in the Disposal of her, but the Interest only of State. By This, he intended to render himself the Darling of the Parliament and Protestants, who would look upon themselves as secured in their Religion by such an Alliance; and designed further, by that Means, to draw us into close Conjunction w’ith Holland, and the Enemies of France.

The Lord Arlington set forth upon this Errand on the Tenth of November-74; and returned not till the Sixth

of January following: During his Absence, the Lord Treasurer, Lord Keeper, and Duke of Lauderdale, who were the only Ministers in any considerable Credit with the King, and who all pretended to be entirely united to the Duke, declaimed loudly, and with great Violence, against the said Lord and his Actions in Holland; and did hope, in his Absence, to have totally supplanted him, and rooted him out of the King’s Favour; and, after that, they thought they might easily enough have dealt with the Parliament: But none of them had Courage enough to speak against the Parliament, till they could get rid of Him, for fear they Should not succeed, but that the Parliament would sit in spight of them, and come to hear, that they had used their Endeavours against it; which would have been so unpardonable a Crime with our omnipotent Parliament, that no Power would have been able to have saved them from Punishment But they finding, at his Return, they could not prevail against him by such Means and Arts as they had then tried, resolved upon new Counsels, which were, to out-run him in his Course: Which accordingly they undertook, and became as fierce Apostles, and as zealous for Protestant Religion, and against Popery, as ever my Lord Arlington was before them; and, in Pursuance thereof, persuaded the King to issue out those severe Orders and Proclamations against Catholicks, which came out in February last; by which they did as much as in them lay to extirpate all Catholicks and Catholick Religion out of the Kingdom: Which Counsels were, in my poor Opinion, so detestable (being levelled, as they must needs be, so directly against the Duke, by People which he had advanced, and who had professed so much Duty and Service to him), that we w ere put upon new Thoughts how to save his Royal Highness Vox, IX.

now from the Deceits and Snares of them; upon whom Coleman’* we formerly depended: We saw well enough, that their 1>aP*'rs-Design was, to make themselves as grateful as they could to the Parliament, if it must sit; they thinking nothing to be so acceptable to them, as the Persecuting of Popery:

But yet they were so obnoxious to the Displeasure of the Parliament in general, that they would have been very, glad of any Expedient to have kept it off; though they durst not engage against it openly themselves, but thought this Device of theirs might serve for that Purpose; hoping that the Duke would be so alarmed at their Proceeding,. and by his being left by every body, that he would be much more afraid of the Parliament than ever, and would use his utmost Power to prevent its Sitting, which they doubted not but he would endeavour: And they were ready enough to work under and with him, for their, own Sakes, not His, in order thereunto; but durst not appear openly: And, to encourage the Duke the more to endeavour to dissolve the Parliament, their Creatures used to say up and down, that this rigorous Proceeding against Catholicks was in favour of the Duke; and to make the Dissolution of the Parliament more easy (which they knew he coveted) by obviating One great Objection,. which was commonly made against it; which was, That if the Parliament Should be dissolved, it would be said, that it was done in favour of Popery: Which Clamour they had prevented, by the Severity which they had shewn against it before band.

As soon as we saw those Tricks put upon us, we plainly saw what Men we had to deal with, and who we had to trust to, if we were wholly at their Mercy; but yet durst not seem so dissatisfied, as we really were; but rather magnify the Contrivance, as a Device of great Cunning and Skill: All this we did, purely to hold themon in a Belief, that we would endeavour to dissolve the Parliament, that they might rely upon his R. II. for That which we knew they longed for; and were afraid they might do some other way, if they discovered, that we were resolved we would not. At length, when we saw the Sessions secured, we declared, we were for the Parliament’s Meeting; as, indeed, we were, from the Moment wre saw ourselves used by all the King's Ministers at such a Rate, that we had Reason to believe, they would sacrifice France, Religion, and his R. H. too, to their own Interests, if Occasion served; and that they were led to believe, that That was the only M ay to save themselves at that Time: For. we. saw no Expedient fit to stop them in their Career of Persecution, and those other destructive Counsels, but the Parliament; which had set itself a long time to dislike everything the Ministers had done, and had appeared violently against Popery, w’hilstthe Court seemed to favour it: And therefore, we were confident, that the Ministers havingturned their Faces, the Parliament would do so too, and still be against them; and be as little for Persecution then, as they had been for Popery before. This I undertook to manage, for the Duke and the King of France's Interest; and assured Mons. Rouvigny (which I am sure he will testify, if Occasion serves) that That Sessions Should do neither of them any Hurt; for that I was sure I had Power enough to prevent Mischief, though I durst not answer for any Good they Should do, because I had, but very few Assistants to carry on the Work, and wanted those Helps, which others had, of making Friends. The Dutch and Spaniards spared no Pains, nor Expence of Money, to animate as many as they could against France Our Lord Treasurer, Lord Keeper, all the Bishops, and such as call themselves Old Cavaliers, who were all then as One Man, were not less industrious against Popery; and had the Purse at their Girdle too (which is an excellent Instrument to gain Friends with); and all united against the Duke, as Patron both of France and the Catholick Religion. To deal with all this Force, we had no Money, but what came from a few private Hands, and those so mean ones too, that I dare venture to say, that I spent more, my particular Self, out of my own Fortune, and upon. my single Credit, than all the whole Body of Catholick §

Coleman's

Papers.

528 31® Octobris. A. 1678.

in England besides; which was so inconsiderable, in Comparison of what our Adversaries could command, and, we verily believe, did bestow, in making their Party, that it is not worth mentioning: Yet, notwithstanding all this, we saw, that by the Help of die Non-conformists (as Presbyterians. Independents, and other Sects, who were as much afraid of Persecution as ourSelves), and of the Enemies the Ministers, and particularly of the Treasurer (who by That time had supplanted the Earl of Arlington, and was grown sole Manager of all Affairs himself), we Should be able to prevent what they designed against us, and so render the Sessions ineffectual to their Enas, though we might not be able to compass our own: Which were to make some brisk Step in Favour of his R. H*: To shew the King, that his Majesty’s Affairs in Parliament were not obstructed, by reason of any Aversion they had to his R. H*’s Person, or Apprehension they had of him, or his Religion; but from Faction and Ambition in some, and from a real Dissatisfaction in others, that we have not had such Ffuits and Effects of those great Sums of Money, which have been formerly given, as they expected. If we could have-made then but One such Step, the King would certainly have restored his R. H. to all his Commissions; upon which he would have been much greater than ever yet he was in his whole Life, or could probably ever have been, by any other Course in the World, than what he had taken by becoming Catholick, Sgc. And we were so very near gaining this Point, that I did humbly beg his R. H* to give me Leave to put the Parliament upon making an Address to the King, that his Majesty would be pleased to put the Fleet into the Hands of hrs R. H*, as the only Person likely to

g’ve a good Account of a Charge, as That was, to the ingdom; and shewed his R. H* such Reasons to persuade him, that we could carry it, that he agreed with me in it, That he believed we could: Yet, others telling him, how great a Damage it would be to him, if he Should miss in such an Undertaking (which, for my part, I could not then see, nor do I yet), he was prevailed upon not to venture; though he was persuaded, that he could carry it. I did communicate this Design of urine to Mens, Rouvigny: Who agreed with me, that it would be the greatest Advantage to his Master imaginable, to have the Duke’s Power and Credit, as this would certainly do, if we could compass it. I shewed him all the Difficulties we were like to meet with, and what Helps we Should have: But that we Should "want One very material one, Money, to cany on the Work as we ought: And therefore, I do confess, I did shamefully beg his Master's Help; and would willingly have been content to have been in everlasting Disgrace with all the World, if I had not, with the Assistance of Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling, from him (which, perhaps, was not the Tenth Part of what was spent on the other Side), made it evident to the Duke, that he could not have missed it. Mons. Rouvigny used to tell me, That, if he could be sure

of succeeding in the Design, his Master would give a very much larger Sum; but that he was notin a Condition to throw away Money upon Uncertainties. I answered, that nothing of that Nature can be so infallibly sure, as not to be subject to some Possibility of failing; but that I durst venture to undertake to make it evident, that there was as great an Assurance of succeeding in it, as any Husbandman can have of a Crop In Harvest, Who sows his Ground in its Season: And yet it would be accounted a very imprudent piece of Wariness, in any body, to scruple the venturing so much Seed in its proper Time, because it is possible it may be totally lost, and no Benefit found of it in Harvest. He that minds tile Winds and the Rains, at that Rate, shall neither bow nor reap.

I take our Case to be much the same now, as it was the last Sessions. If we can advance the Duke’s ’Interest One Step forward, we shall put him out of the Reach of all Chances for ever: For he makes Such a Figure already, that cautious Men do not care to act against him, or always without him, because they do not see, that he is much outpowered by his Enemies: Yet is he not at such

a Pitch, as to be quite out of Danger, or free from Opposition: But if he could gain any considerable new Addition of Power, All would come over to him, as the only steady Centre of our Government, and Nobody would contend with him farther. Then would Catholicks be at Ease, and his most Christian Majesty’s Interest secured with as in England, beyond all Apprehensions whatsoever.

In order to This, we have Two great Designs to attempt this next Sessions: First, That which we were about before; viz. To put the Parliament upon making it their humble Request to the King, that the Fleet may be put into his R. H*’s Care. And, secondly, To get an Act for general Liberty of Conscience. If we carry these Two, or Esther of them, we shall, in effect, do what we list afterwards: And, truly, we think, we do not undertake these great Points very unreasonably, but that we have good Cards for our Game: Not but that we expect great Opposition; and have reason to beg all the Assistance we can possibly get: And therefore, if his most Christian Majesty would stand by us in this Conjuncture, and help us with such a Sum as Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling (which is no very great Matter to venture upon such an Undertaking as This) I would be content to be sacrificed to the utmost Malice of my Enemies, if I did not succeed. I have proposed this several times to Mons. Rouvigny, who seems always of my Opinion, and

has often told me, that he has writ into France upon this Subject; and has desired me to do the like: But I know not, whether' he will be as zealous in this Point as a Catholick would; because our prevailing in these Things will give the ^greatest Blow to the Protestant Religion here, that ever it received since its Birth; which, perhaps, he would not be very glad , especially, when he believes, that there is another Way of doing his Master’s Business well enough without; which is by a Dissolution of the Parliament, upon which, I know, he mightily depends; and concludes, that if That comes to be dissolved, h will be as much as he need care for; proceeding, perhaps, upon the same manner of Discourse, which we did this time Twelve-month. But, with Submission to hie better Judgment, I do think that our Case is extremely much altered from what it was then, in relation to a Dissolution; for Then the Body of our governing Ministers, all but the Earl of Arlington, were intirely united to the Duke, and would have governed his Way, if they had been free from all Fear and Controul; as they would have been, if the Parliament had been dissolved: But, they having, since that time, engaged in quite different Counsels, and embarked themselves and Interests upon other Bottoms (having declared themselves against Popery, &;c.) to dissolve the Parliament, simply, ana without any other Step made, will be to leave them to govern what Way they list; which we have Reason to suspect wiH be to the Prejudice of France and Catholicks; because their

late Declarations and Actions have demonstrated to us, that they take That for the most popular Way for themselves, and the likeliest to keep them in absolute Power: Whereas, Should the Duke get above them, after the Tricks they have served him, they are not sure he will totally forget the Usage he has had at their Hands. Therefore it imports us now, to advance our Interest a little further, by some such Project as I have named, before we dissolve the Parliament; whereas, perhaps, we Should but change Masters, a Parliament for Ministers, and continue still in the same Slavery and Bondage as before: But one such Step, as I have proposed, being well made, we may safely see them dissolved, and not fear the Ministers; but shall be established and stand firm, without any Opposition; for every body will then come over to us, and worship the rising Sun.

I have here given you the History of three Years, as Short as I could; though I am afraid that it will seem very long and troublesome to your Reverence, among the Multitude of the Affairs you are engaged in I have also shewn yon the present State of our Case; which may, by God’s Providence, and good Conduct, be made of such Advantage to God’s Church, that, for my Part, I can scarce believe

myself

30 Car. II. 31° Octobris. 529

myself awake, or the Tiling real, when I think of a Prince, in such an Age as we live in, converted to such a Degree of Zeal and Piety, as not to regard any thing in the World in Comparison of God Almighty’s Glory, the Salvation of his own Soul, and the Conversion of our poor Kingdom; which has a long time been oppressed and miserably harassed by Heresy and Schism. I doubt not but your Reverence will consider our Case; and take it to Heart; and afford us what Help you can, both with the King of Heaven, by your Holy Prayers; and with his most Christian Majesty, by that great Credit which you most justly have with him: And, if ever his Majesty’s Affairs, or your own, can ever want the Service of so inconsiderable a Creature as myself, you shall never find any body readier to obey your Commands, or faithfuller in the Execution of them, to the best of his Power, than

Your most humble and 29* September, 1675. most obedient Servant

I SENT your Reverence a tedious long Letter on our Nine-and-twentieth of September, to inform you of the Progress of our Affairs for these Two or Three last Years. Having now again the Opportunity of a very sure Hand to convey this by, I have sent you a Cypher; because our Parliament now drawing on, I may possibly have Occasion to send you something, which you may be willing enough to know, and may be necessary for us that you Should, when I may want the Convenience of a Messenger. When any tiling occurs of more Concern than ordinary, which may not be fit to be trusted even to a Cypher alone, I will (to make such a thing more secure) write it in Lemon, between the Lines of a Letter, which shall have nothing in it visible, but what I care not who sees; but dried by a warm Fire, shall discover what is written: So that, if the Letter comes to your Hands, and, upon drying it, any thing appears, more than did before, you may be sure nobody has seen it by the Way. I will not trouble you with that Way of Writing, but upon special Occasions; and then I will give you a Hint, to direct you to look for it, by concluding my visible Letter with something of Fire or Burning: By which Mark you may please to know, that there is something underneath; and how my Letter is to be used to find it out

We have here a mighty Work upon our Hands, no less than the Conversion of Three Kingdoms; and, by That perhaps, the utter Subduing of a pestilent Heresy, which has domineered over great Part of this Northern World a long time. There never were such Hopes of Success since the Death of our Qeen Mary, as now in our Days, when God has given us a Prince, who is become (I may say by Miracle) zealous of being the Author and Instrument of so glorious a Work: But the Opposition we are sure to meet with, is also like to be great: So that it imports us to get all the Aid and Assistance we can; for the Harvest is great, and the Labourers but few. That which we rely most upon, next to God Almighty’s Providence, and the Fervour of my Master the Duke, is the mighty Mind of his Christian Majesty, whose generous Soul inclines him to great Undertakings; which, being managed by your Reverence’s exemplary Piety and Prudence, will certainly make him look upon This as most suitable to himself, and best becoming his Power and Thoughts: So that I hope you will pardon me, if I be very troublesome to you upon this Occasion, from whom I expect the greatest Help w’e can hope for.

I must confess, I think his Christ. Ma. temporal Interest is so much attracted to that of his R. H. which can never be considerable but upon the Growth and Advancement of Catholic Religion, that his Ministers cannot give him better Advice, even in a Politick Sense, abstracting from the Considerations of the next World, than that of our Blessed Lord, to seek first the Kingdom of Heaven, and the Righteousness thereof, that all other things may be added unto him: Yet I know his most Ch. Ma. has more powerful Motives suggested: to him by his own Vo t.IX.

Devotion, and Your Reverence's Zeal for God’s Glory, to engage him to afford us the best Help lie can in our present Circumstances. But we are a little unhappy in this, that we cannot press his Majesty by his present Minister here. Upon these latter Arguments, which are most strong, but only upon the First; Mons.

Sense and ours differing very much upon them, though we agree perfectly upon the rest: And, indeed, though he be a very able Man as to his Master’s Service, in things where Religion is not concerned; yet, I believe, it were-much more, happy, considering the Post he is in, that his Temper were of such a Sort, that we might deal clearly with him throughout, and not to be forced to stop Short in a Discourse of Consequence, and leave the most material Part out, because we know it will shock his particular Opinion; and so, perhaps, meet with Dislike and Opposition, though never so necessary to the main Concern.

I am afraid we shall find too much Reason for this Complaint this next Sessions of Parliament: For, had we had one here from his most C. M. who had taken the whole Business to Heart, and who would have represented the State of our Case truly, as it is, to his Master, I do not doubt but his most C. M. would have engaged himself further in the Affair, than at present I fear he has done; and, by his Approbation, have given such Counsels, as have been offered his R. H. by those few Catho. who have Access to him, and who are bent to serve him, and advance Catho. Religion, with all their Might, more Credit with his R. H. than I fear they have found; and have assisted them also with his Purse, as far as One hundred thousand Crowns, or some such Sum; which to him is very inconsiderable, but would have been to them of greater Use than can be imagined, towards gaining others to help them, or at least not to oppose them. If we had been so happy as to have had his most C. M. with us to this Degree, I would have answered with my Life for such Success this Sessions, as would have put the Interests of Cath. Religion, his R. H. and his most C. M. out of all Danger for the time to come; But, wanting these Helps of recommending those necessary Counsels, which have been given his R. H. in such Manner as to make him think them worth his accepting, and fit to govern himself by; and of those Advantages, which a little Money well managed would certainly have gained us; I am afraid we shall not be much better at the End of this Session than we are now.

I pray God we do not lose Ground. By my next, which shall be ere long, I shall be able to tell your Reverence more particularly what we are like to expect. In the mean time, I most humbly beg your holy Prayers for all our Undertakings; and that you will be pleased to honour me so far, as to esteem me, what I am intirely, and without any Reserve,

Mon tr£s Reverend P6re, de votre R&r&ence

Le plus humble & le plus ob&ssant Serviteur.

From Paris, 23th October, 1675.

SIR,

THE Letter which you gave yourself the Trouble to write to me, came to my Hands but the last Night:

I read it with great Satisfaction; and I assure you, That it’s Length did not make it seem tedious. I Should be very glad, on my Part, to assist in seconding your good Intentions. I will consider of the Means to effect it; and, when I am better informed than I am as yet, I will give you an Account. To that End I may hold Intelligence W'ith you, as you did with my Predecessor; Sir, I desire ou to believe that I will never fail, as to good will, for the ervice of your Master, whom I honour as much as he deserves; and that it is with great Truth, that I am Your most humble and most obedient Servant,

D. L. C.

6 S Resolved,

Coleman's

Papers.

Resolution that there is a Popish Plot.

Privilege.

Shrewsbury

Election.

Coleman’s

Papers.

Committees

added.

Committee for Conference.

Address for guarding the City, &c.

53°

31* Octobris — i" Novembris. A. 1678.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That, upon the Evi-

denoe that has already appeared to this House, That this House is of Opinion, that there hath been, and still is, a damnable and hellish Plot contrived and carried on by the Popish Recusants, for the Assassinating and Murdering the King; and for subverting the Government; and rooting out and destroying the Protestant Religion.

Ordered, That this Vote be communicated to the Lords at a Conference: And that the Lords be desired to join -with this House, in providing Remedies for the Preservation of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Protestant Religion.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Jo. Trevor, Sir Nich. Cary, Mr Sir Jo.

Eamle, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Williams, Sir Fr. Russell, Lord Cavendish, Sir Jo. Coventry, Sir Harvey, Mr. Hopkins, SirTAo. Lee, Sir Rob.Sawyer, Sir Edw.

Mr. SachavereU, Lord Russell, Mr. Secretary Williamson,

Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Rob. Thomas, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Geo. Damming, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Jo. Hammer, Sir Christopher or any Five

of them, to prepare and draw up Reasons, upon the Debate of the House: And are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber, at Three of the Clock.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege committed against my Lord Scudamore, a Member of this House, by Thomas Rogers a Barber, James Syddell an Attorney, and one Howells a Serjeant at Mace, all of the City of Hereford, in Arresting and Detaining of Richard Wi'ale, the menial Servantof my Lord Scudamore,

during the Privilege of Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Rogers, James Siddell, and Howells, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House; for their Breach of Privilege committed against my Lord Scudamore, in arresting and detaining Richard Weale, his menial Servant.

A Petition of Edward Kynaston Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Sir Richard Corbett to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That if any other of Mr. Colemans Papers be brought, they be transmitted to the Committee appointed to examine the same: And they are to take Care, that such of them as are written in French may be forthwith translated.

Ordered, That Mr. Hide, Sir Wm. Beecher, Sir Southwell, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho. Doleman, Sir Eliah Harvey, be added to the

Committee appointed to search Mr. Richard Lang-horne's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 1° die Novembris, 1678. Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee appointed to consider of, and prepare the Matter to be delivered at the Conference to be had with the Lords, do withdraw-, and finish their Report.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, To desire his Majesty, That the Orders which he has given, that the Suburbs of the City oi London and , and Parts

*3

adjacent, may, during the Sitting of the Parliament, be guarded and secured by the Militia, be put in Execution.

Sir John Knight reports from the Committee appointed Colemau’s to examine and translate Mr. Colemans Papers, That the Committee had taken several of the Papers into Consideration; and had translated such of them as were written in French: And that the Committee had ordered him to report the same.

And the Papers being by him delivered to Mr. Speaker; several of them were, by Mr. Speaker, read to the House.

Sir Rob. Sawyer reports from the Committee appointed Resolutioi to consider and prepare Matter, to be offered at the thi"hw' Conference to be had with the Lords, a Report agreed pj® op"" on by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth; viz.

The House of Commons, after Examination of several Persons and Papers (many of which Papers his Majesty did acquaint the House had been communicated to your Lordships), and deliberate Consideration had thereupon, came to this unanimous Resolution:

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That, upon the Evidence that has already appeared to this House, That this House is of Opinion, that there hath been, and still is, a damnable and hellish Plot contrived and carried on by the Popish Recusants, for the Assassinating and Murdering the King; and for subverting the Government; and rooting out and destroying the Protestant Religion."

The House of Commons being very sensible of the imminent Danger both the King and Kingdom are in, do think it their duty to acquaint your Lordships therewith:

And to pray your Lordships will be pleased to take it into your serious and speedy Consideration, What Remedies are fit and suitable to be applied for preserving the King's Person, and preventing the Alteration of Religion and Government. To which the Commons shall readily concur, as they doubt not of your Lordships Concurrence to such Remedies as have or shall be by them proposed to your Lordships, for the Effecting of this great End.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference about Matters of great Importance, relating to the ‘ies, re<i Wltfc Pi eservation of his Majesty’s Person, the Protestant s' Religion, and Safety of the Government.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That Sir Henry Capell do go up to Conference the Lords, to desire a Conference about Matters of great with Lords. Importance, relating to the Preservation of his Majesty’s Person, the Protestant Religion, and Safety of the Government.

Sir Henry Capell acquaints the House, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members, who were appointed to prepare the Matter of the Conference, do attend and manage the Conference.

Which they accordingly did.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Inquiry mu. into the Causes of the late Noises of knocking, that have Noises of been heard in the Night in the Old Palace; or ^eard'in8 thereabout; and to search the Houses near the Two old Palact Houses of Parliament, and in the Old Palace Yard; Yard, and to examine and return in the Names of such Papists as inhabit near the Two Houses of Parliament.

And it is referred to Col. Birch, Col. Titus, Sir Rob. Dillington, Mr. May, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Musgrave, Sir John Holmes, Mr. Price, Col. Strode, Sir Jos. Trcdenham, Mr. Powle, Mr. Crouch, Lord Allington,

Sir Court. Poole, Mr. Poston, Sir Ed. Harlo, Sir Edm.

Jenings, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Ed Sir

Talbot,

30 Car. II.

’ — 2° Nove.

S3 1

Talbot, Sir Ric. Ingoldsby, Sir , Anth. Deane, Sir Tho. Lee, other the Clerks and Officers relating thereto, do attend Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Cheney, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Ed- the said Committee; and give an Account concerning

mund Windham, Sir Ch. Harbord, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, the same.

Mr. Bockland, Sir John Knight;or any Three of them. Mr. Secretary Williamson informs the House, That, in Answer t*

pursuance of the Order of the House, of this Day, he Address-Lords desire A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Lena and had attended his Majesty; and acquainted him with the ‘Conference. Sir John Francklyn; Desire of this. House, That his Majesty’s Orders, for

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference guarding the Suburbs by the Militia, may be put in with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Sub- Execution. His Majesty was thereupon pleased to re-

ls_.

L,

ject Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Lords agree Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the to Vote that Lords at a present Conference.

Popish*plot The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Members who did attend and manage the former Conference, do attend and manage this Conference.

turn Answer; That he would give effectual Orders, That the Guards of the Militia shall be set accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2* die Novembris, 1678.

Prayers.

Sir Tho. Meeres reports from the Conference had with DESO c. That an Address be presented Address for the Lords, That my Lord Chancellor managed the Con- to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty to issue out his apprehend-ference: And that what was delivered was as followeth: Proclamation, declaring, That Conyers, Bed- <-0D3'eri»

The Lords have considered the Vote of the House of dingfeild, and are guilty of traiterous Practices;

Commons, communicated to them at the Conference; and and requiring them to render themselves by a Short Day; have most readily and unanimously concurred with them and to make it penal for any Person to conceal them; with in it, Nemine contradicente: And their Lordships are very a Promise of a Reward to such Person as shall apprehend

glad to see that Zeal which the Commons have shewed them, or any of them: And likewise to desire his Ma-upon tins Occasion: And do fully concur with them, jesty, That he will be pleased to give Order for a more That the most speedy and most serious Considerations of effectual Way for disarming the Popish Recusants, or both Houses are necessary, for the Prevention of the im- reputed Popish Recusants; and that Direction may be ~ ~ ----- sent to the Sea Ports, for the Apprehending of all sus-

picious Persons, either going out or coming in.

And it is referred to Sir Rob. Sawyer, Sir John Trevor, Sir Tho. Meeres, Serjeant Mainard, Sir Rob.

Howard, Mr. Sachaverell, Mr. Mr. Fowle,

minent Dangers. In order whereunto, their Lordships have resolved to sit de die in diem, Forenoon and Afternoon; and desire, that the House of Commons would do so too: And when their Lordships shall have well considered of fit and proper Remedies for these Dangers,

they will be ready to communicate them to the House of Sir Cyrill Wyche, Mr. Sir Sir

Commons; and will also take in good Part whatever shall be communicated to them by the House of Commons; and will suffer Nothing to be wanting on their

Tho. Clerges, Mr. Solicitor General, or any Three of them, to prepare the said Address.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Council, now in Wait- Papers relating, do forthwith attend with Mr. s Papers in8 1:0 the

and Writings: And that all other Papers and Writings, rlut-relating to the Plot mentioned in his Majesty’s Speech, either in the Hands of the Secretaries of State, or in the Hands of the Clerks of the Council, be forthwith com-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Bevei'sham Lords desire and Sir Sam. Clerke; a Conference.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference

Parts, which may preserve a good Correspondency between both Houses, which is absolutely necessary to the Safety of the King and Kingdom.

Resolved, tkc. That this House will sit de die in diem,

Forenoon and Afternoon.

Coleman to Ordered, That Mr. Coleman be again examined by the municated to this House; according to the Leave gra-be again «c- former Committee: And that Sir Thomas Stringer and ciously given by his Majesty, amined. Booth be added to the Committee: And they are

to make use of Mr. Coleman's Clerk, as they shall think meet.

Impeach- Resolved, See. That this House will proceed by way of

ment of Lord Impeachment against the Lord Arrundell of Wardour.with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning Arrundell. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Matters of Consequence, necessary for this House to know, and draw up Articles of Impeachment against the Lord The Messengers being withdrawn;

Arrundell of Wardour. Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet the

And it is referred Mr. Williams, Serjeant Mainard, Lords at a present Conference.

Sir John Holland, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Powle, Sir John The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker ac-Trevor, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Tho. quaints them. That the House had agreed to a present Stringer, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Serjeant Gregory, Sir Tho. Lee, Conference.

Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Ser- Ordered, That the Members who did manage the last

jeant Seis, Sir Cha. Harbord, Sir EliabHarvy, Sir Trevor Conference, do attend, and manage this Conference.

Williams, Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr. Weld, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Robert reports from the Conference had Ruinousetate Sir Nick.Carew, Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Finch, Col. Birch, with the Lords, That the Lord Privy Seal managed the o{ the I{oof Sir Rob. Howard, Mr. Harbord, or any Five of them, to Conference: And thatthis Conference was to acquaint the of the House-prepare and draw up the said Articles of Impeachment. House, That the Lords had this Morning received Infor-Cofeman’* The House being acquainted, That, upon the Exami- mation, at the Bar of their House, from the Surveyor of Papers. nation of Mr. Coleman's Clerk, there was an Information, his Majesty’s Works, That the Roof of this House was That a Book, containing several Letters of Mr. Cole- so rotten and decayed, that it was in Danger, upon any man's, was seized with his Writings: And that there great Storm, to fall: And that the Lords had resolved were several Letters of Mr. Colemans received, since to address to his Majesty, by the Lords of the White the first Discovery of ..... by himself, or his Agents. Staves, to desire his Majesty, that he would be pleased Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee ap- to give Order, That the Court of Request may be fitted pointed to examine Mr. Coleman's Papers, to make a fur- up for this House to sit in, whilst the Roof was repaired, ther Examination touching the Book of Letters mentioned Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be presented to

to be taken away when Mr. Colemans Papers were seized: his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his And that there be a further Examination made by the Majesty’s Privy Council, representing to his Majesty the said Committee, touching the Letters sent to Mr. Coleman ruinous Condition of the Roof and Building of this House; mor"»afe by the Post: And that the Master of the Post Office, and and to desire his Majesty, that he will be pleased to *1"®^ gj* Vol. IX. give in.

532

2° — 4° Nov

A. 1678.

Lords

thanked.

Mr. Speaker lo examine Coleman in Newgate, and to apply to the King respecting him-

Ashburton

Election.

give Order, That there may be some other Place of more Safety, provided for this House to sit in.

Resolved, See. That the Thanks of this House be returned to the Lords, for their great Care and Kindness expressed towards this House, in acquainting them with the Danger they are under, from the ruinous and decayed Condition of the Roof and Building.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to repair to Newgate, and examine Mr. Coleman.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do address to his Majesty from this House, end humbly desire his Majesty’s Pardon to Mr. Coleman, in case he shall make such a full Discovery of the Plot now under Examination, as shall be satisfactory: And to desire his Majesty, That in case he shall not make such a full and satisfactory Discovery, that no Pardon or Reprieve may be granted to him.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock in the Aftemoou.

The King’s Answer.

Papers respecting the Plot.

Post Meridiem.

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, That he had, in pursuance of the Order of the House, attended his Majesty, and that his Majesty was pleased to signify his Pleasure, That, relying very much upon the Duty and Loyalty of this House, which had been often testified by expressing their great Care for preserving his Person, and supporting his Government, was pleased to give Leave, That this House may assure Mr. Coleman of his Majesty’s Pardon, in case he shall make such a Discovery as shall be satisfactory; and that, in case Mr. Coleman shall not make such a Discovery as shall be satisfactory, if he be found guilty, shall not receive any Pardon or Reprieve; but the Law shall pass against him.

A Petition of Thomas Reynell Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Laxclin Mallock and William Stawell Esquires to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ashburton in the County of Devon, in Injury

of the Petitioner, who was duly elected a Burgess for the said Borough, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Two Letters found amongst Mr. s Papers,

One dated 230 Feb.-y\, and signed E. P. and the other bearing Date 50 Fcb.-yi, were delivered in, and read to the House.

Ordered, That the said Two Letters, now read, be entered in the Journal; and, being so entered, be returned to Sir Thomas Doleman; to be by him kept, until such time as this House shall demand the same of him.

Which Letters are as followeth; viz.

Honoured Dear Sir, Feb. 23,-77.

I HAVE but Time to convey these following Particulars to you. First, I am to give you Notice, That it hath seemed fitting to our Master, consult, prow. to fix the Twenty-first Day of April next, Stil. Vet. for the Meeting at London of our Congregation; on which Day all those that have of Suffrage are to be present there, that they be ready to give a'Beginning to the same on the 24th, which is the next Day after St. George his Day. You are warned to have Jus; and therefore, if

your Occasions Should not permit you to be present, you are to signify as much; to the End others in their Ranks be ordered to supply your Absence: Every one is minded also, not to hasten to London long before the Time appointed, nor to appear much about the Town, till the Meeting be over, lest Occasion Should be given lo suspect the Design. Finally, Secrecy, as to the Time

and Place, is much recommended to all those that receive Summons, as it will appear of its own Nature necessary.

3° pro Lf nosolono dej ’cobcnefact. prou Linensis. 14m

so atreightened for Time, that I can only assure you, I shall be much glad of obliging you any ways.

Sir, Your Servant,

E. P.

Pray my Service where due, See.

Superscribed, These for his Honoured Friend Mr.

William Tunstall, at Burton.

Worthy Sir, Hilton, 5th Feb. y\.

I KNOW not from whence it proceeds, but I perceive both your Letters and mine have bad Fortune by the Way for my Correspondents; which you complain they hear not from me; Whereas I write constantly every Post:

And since the Bills I received from yourself for Sir Wm.

Goreing, and from Mr. Ireland for Mr. Shelley, I have not had One Letter but what I received this Week, which in part made a Recompence for the former; for it brought me Three of yours, and One of Mr. Irelands, for which I render you many humble Thankg, and acknowledge the Fifteen Pounds from my Lord Castlemaine, though Mr.

Ireland makes no mention of it in his. We are all here very glad at the Promotion of Mr. Tho. Harcott. When I writ, that the Patents were sent, although I guessed for who they were, yet I knew not for certain; because our Patrons do not use to discover their Resolutions till they know, that they have Effect: And therefore in these kind of Matters I dare not be hasty; lest some might say,

" A Fool’s Bolt is soon shot"

We are herein great Hopes of a general Peace; for most are persuaded, that the French will choose rather to accept of an ignominious Peace, than hazard their Crown; which is very probably thought they will do, if they expect, that England joins with the Confederates. If Peace

be made, I shall haply have some News to write you from hence, for at present we have nothing. So I beg a charitable Memory in yoUr best Thoughts.

Your most humble Servant Cha. Anderson.

The inclosed is from Lawrence Cossam, an Acquaintance (I suppose) of yours, who, I hope, will do very well. His Mother says, she has paid you for his Viaticum of Return: I Should be glad to hear it from you.

These Letters were accordingly delivered back to Sir Tho. Doleman, immediately.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee Address reappointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his committed. Majesty, an Address agreed upon by the Committee:

And there being several Blanks left in the Address by the Committee;

Ordered, That the said Address be re-committed to the former Committee; to consider of, and amend the same.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lurnz, 4° die Novembris, 1678.

P RATERS.

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, That, in pursuance Coleman’s of the Order of the House, he did Yesterday (ac- Examina-companied with Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. tio,u

den, Mr. Buscawen, and Mr. Gwyn) repair to Newgate, to Mr. Coleman: And after he had shewed him the Order, and laid his Condition before him, he acquainted him with his Majesty’s gracious Pleasure; and told him, That he was not to expect any Pardon by any other Means, or upon any other Condition; and that this was the last Time that any Offer of that Nature would be made him:

That Mr. Coleman told him, He was veiy sensible of the

Miserableness

|!DF

jerk.

Ibf’!

jot'f

Churc

Kortii toil I

Lire

IK

Ul

3 o Car. II.4°: — 5 ° — 6° — 70 533

Miserableness of his Condition; for, that, he knew, there was enough already known to take away his Life, and that he did not know enough to save it: That he had already discovered all his Knowledge of the Plot.

That he shewed Mr. Coleman the Two Letters: And that Mr. Coleman told him, what Cyphers, to the best of his Memory, did belong to them, and how they were to be made use of: That there passed several other Matters in Discourse: The Effect of which Mr. Speaker declared to the House.

Mr. Speaker then proceeded to the Reading of some other of Mr. Coleman’s Papers.

Address for A Debate arising in the House, for an Address to be removing ihe presented to his Majesty, That his Royal Highness may y»rk 0t withdraw himself from his Majesty's Person and Councils; ur ' Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis o die Novembris, 1678.

Prayers.

the Hous* rpHE House being met in order; to go to Church at Church. St. Margaret's Westminster-,

Adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6* die Novembris, 1678.

Prayers.

Northamp- a PETITION of Ralph Montague llsqun'e, eom-ton ecu*n. plaining of an undue Return made by the Sheriff

of the County of Northampton, of Sir Wm. Ba-

ronet, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northampton, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by the Majority of Voices who have the Right of Election, and had his Indenture returned and sealed by the Mayor of the Corporation, and ought to have been returned by the Sheriff, was read.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Return for the Borough of Northampton be examined at the Bar of this House, on Monday Morning next; And that the High Sheriff and Under Sheriff for the County of Northampton, and the Mayor of the said Borough, do then attend: And that the Clerk of the Crown do then likewise attend >> ith the Return.

Andover A Petition of John Dean Esquire, complaining of an Election. undue Return of Charles West Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Andover in the County of , in

Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Dr. Tillotson Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned dunked. to Doctor Tillotson, Dean of Canterbury, for his excellent Sermon Yesterday preached before this House at St.

Margaret's Westminster:And that he be desired to print his Sermon: And Mr. Speaker is desired by the House, to give him the Thanks of the House; and to acquaint him with the Desire of the House, to print his Sermon.

Papers re- Ordered, That the Lwo Letters sent by St. Germaine sj-eciing the to Mp. Coleman; the one directed under the Name of lut‘ Lepine, the other under the Nameof CatharineBurghill,

which are undecyphered; be delivered to the Chairman of the Committee appointed to examine Mr. Colemans Papers; to the end the same may be translated and de-' cyphered by the said Committee.

Vut. IX.

Ordered, That an humble Address be presented to his Papers relat- Majesty, to desire his Majesty, That Mr. Coleman's ingto the Letter to Mons. Le Cheze, of the Twenty-ninth of Sep- p ot*

tember 1765; and his following Letter, owning the Sending of the same; and Mons. Le Chs Letter, acknowledging the Receipt of Mr. Colemans said Letter of the Twenty-ninth of September 1675; may be printecU-and published: And that it be referred to Mr. S/schaverefl,

Sir Tho. Clerges, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Sir

Eliah Harcy, Sir John Ernie, Sir Tho. Higgins, Mr.

Hamden, Mr. Powle, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir John Coventry, Mr. Hall,

Sir John Birkenhead; or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, to prepare the Address.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Coleman to Buscawen, and Mr. Gwyn, do forthwith repair to Mr. be again Coleman; and examine him, touching the Disposing examine<^ of the Money which he received from the French Ambassador, or any other Money; and to ask him such other Questions upon the Debate of the House, as they shall think meet; and to take his Examination under his Hand.

A Complaint being made to the House, ofamaterial Mistake in Mistake in that Part of the Translation of the Gazette into Gazette. French, which has Reference to his Majesty’s Proclamation for removing the Papists.

Ordered, That Mons. Moranville, who translates the Gazette into French, and Mr. Newcom the Printer, be summoned to attend this House on Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that there is a Trunk of Papers sop* Papers and a Pacquet seized and left with one Justice P0*1 to Chamberlayne; and that they are supposed to be Papers pj* to the which belonged to Mr. Coleman;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee appointed to examine Mr. Coleman’s Papers, to examine concerning the said Trunk and Packet:

And, that Justice Chambei-laine, and all other Persons concerned therein, do attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of tire Clock.

Jovis, 7* die Novembris, 1678.

Praters.

PETITION of CharlesR Esquire, com- Downtou plaining of an undue Return of Maurice Bockland, Election, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton in the County of Wilts, in Injury of the Peti-'tioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made, of a Breach of Privilege, Privilege of committed against Mr. Palmes, a. Mem her of this honour- a Member is able House, by Thomas Deane and John Blakestone, of ft Suit*

Old Maltonin the County of For he; in proceeding to a

Tryal at Law this last Assizes, in a Cause wherein the Interest of Mr. Palmes was concerned; notwithstanding the y had Notice, that Mr. Palmes was a Member of Parliament, and insisted ujx>n his Privilege.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that all further Proceedings at Law be stayed, until the Matter be heard: And that Summons be sent to the said Mr. BlSke-stone and Mr. Deane, forthwith to attend the Said Committee: And that Notice of this Order be given to their Attorney at Law, and other Persons concerned therein.

6T Sir

t

Coleman's

Examina-

tien.

Address for printing Cuie man's Papers.

534 70 AovembrisA. 1678.

Sir Henry Capellreports, That the Committee appoint-

ed to examine Mr. Coleman did, in pursuance of the Order, repair to Newgate to him; and examined him upon several Matters which were in Debate to the House; and had reduced his Examination into Writing: And that Mr. Coleman had himself signed it: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Which is as followeth;

Mr. Coleman says, That he received of Mons.

Three hundred Pounds, and of Mons. Three hundred and sixty Pounds, for Intelligence given them of every Day’s Proceedings in Parliament: And that Mons. Rovigny encouraged him to keep a good House, and That as wellout of Parliament-time, as during the Sessions, that it might not be suspected.

That he received, the last Session, of Mons.

Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, which he intrusted him with, to distribute to Members of the House of Com-hions, to prevent a Rupture between the Two Crowns: And that, accordingly, he had prepared Guineas to distribute amongst them; but that he gave none to any Member of Parliament, but applied them to his own Use; and excused it to his own Conscience that lie did so, because he thought he was as much out of Purse upon the French Account, in his Way of living. That the French Ambassador demanded an Account of the Two thousand Five hundred Pounds: And that he replied, He had distributed it to Members of the House of Commons; but desired to be excused as to their Names.

That, about the Time of the Treaty with Mons. Ba-rill'on upon this Occasion, Mons. Barillon proposed several Members, to whom this Money might be given.

That, to some of them, the said Mr. Coleman promised to give it; and told Mons. BarHe had done accord-

ing>y-

That, about the End of the last Session, he received more of Mons. Barillon Three hundred and Sixty Pounds, upon Account of Intelligence of Proceedings in Parliament.

That Mons. Rovigny, believing, that, on the Side of the Confederates, Means were used to inflame the Parliament against France, did therefore encourage Mr. Coleman to pursue a Correspondence with Parliament-men, to prevent their Endeavours: That (to the best of his Remembrance), about December 1677, he thinks that he might in his Correspondence with &. Gema/sie, treat about procuring a Sum of Crowns (the certain Sum he remembers not) for preventing a Rupture with France, which he foresaw the Match with the Prince of Orange might occasion.

That he received none of that Money; nor does remember, that before that Time, there w as any Treaty between him and St. Germaine, in relation to his receiving any Sum of Crowns.

That, to his Remembrance, he entered no foreign Letters in his Book (or very unusually), other than common News, when the Correspondence between him and Mons. Le Cheze ceased; which was at least Two Years since.

That he was, by the First Contract, to receive Thirty thousand Pounds, for procuring a Security for the Bankers Debt, first by Patent, then by Act of Parliament; the one Half to be paid at Passing the Patent, the other Half at passing the Act: That, afterwards, this was reduced, by a second Contract, to Seven thousand Pounds in Silver, and Five thousand Guineas.

That of this, he has received about the Moiety of the Seven thousand Pounds in Silver, and no more; nor any Credit or Security for more, though by the second Contract he was to have received, not only half the Seven thousand Pounds in Silver, but also the Five thousand Guineas at passing the Patent.

That this Contract was only verbal, made between Himself, Sir Robert Vyner, Alderman and Mr.

Whitehall.

Edward Colman.

Mr. Porule reports from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty, That Two Letters of Mr. Colemans

and One of Mons. Le Cheze, may be printed and published; That the Committee had agreed upon an Address:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with an Amendment made at the Clerk’s Table, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Address; And that the Address be written over fair, and a Blank left for the Concurrence of the Lords: Which Address is as followeth; viz.

WE Your Majesty’s most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, considering how restless the Endeavours of Priests and Jesuits, and other Popish Recusants, have always been, to pervert Your loyal Subjects, and to reduce this Kingdom again under the Bondage of Popish Superstition; and seeing how that, notwithstanding Your Majesty’s Goodness and Clemency, they have, for several Years past, carried on a most w icked Design for the utter.Extirpation of the Protestant Religion and the Government established in this Kingdom; and since we find it necessary to proceed against them with greater Severity than hath hitherto been used; we do humbly conceive, that the best Way to satisfy the Minds of Your Subjects, and to stop the Mouths of our Adversaries the Papists, whose daily Practice is to raise Scandals upon Your Majesty’s Person, and to defame the Protestant Religion, and those that profess the same will.. to cause some undeniable Evidences of their Transactions Here, and their Correspondencies Abroad, to be divulged:

We do therefore most humbly desire, that Your Majesty would be pleased to order, That Mr. Coleman's Letter to Mons. Le Cheze, the French King’s Confessor, dated the Twenty-ninth of September 1675, wherein much of the said Matter is contained; as also another Letter of Mr.

Colemans to the same Person wherein he owns the Sending,

of the said Letter; and Mons. Le Cheze s Answer, w hereby he acknowledges the Receipt thereof; may be speedily printed and published, for the present Satisfaction of Your Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, until a further Narrative of the Particulars relating to this horrid Conspiracy may be publickly set forth.

Ordered, That Mr. Perude do carry up the Address to the Lords for their Concurrence: And do likewise put the Lords in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament.

Mr. Newcomb being called in, to give an Account Mistransln. concerning the Translation of the Gazette into French; tien of informed the House, That he was only concerned in ^azett*‘ setting the Press; and that he understood not the French Tongue: And that Mons. Moranvil'le had been employed

in that Affair for many Years, and was the only Corrector of it

Mons. Moranville being also called in; acknowledged

himself to be guilty of the Mistake; but endeavoured to excuse it, alledging that it was through Inadvertency.

Ordered, That Mons. Moranville be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the Serjeaut at Arms do search Mons. Moranville.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search Mons. Moranvilles House or Lodgings.

And it is referred to Mr. ProgersColonel Birch, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Weld, Sir John Knight, Sir Fr.

Di'ake, Sir John Coventry; or any Three of them.

Mons. Moranville being searched by the Serjeant, and several Papers written in French, being found about him, and by the Serjeant delivered in;

Resolved, &c. That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee appointed to examine Mr. Coleman's Papers; to translate the same, and report them to the House.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, further to examine the Matter concerning, the translating, printing,

and

3 o Car. II. 7° — 8° No. 535

and publishing the French Gazette: And they are to take the Particulars of the Examinations, in order to the Forming an Accusation at the Ear of the House of Lords.

And it is referred to Serjeant Sets, Mr. , Sir

Jos. Tredenham, Sir Tho. Col. Sir Ch.

Harbord, Col. Birch, Sir Birkenhead, Sir Nick. Ca~

rcw, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr. Powle,

Sir Tho. Lee; or any Three of them: And they are. to meet at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And it is recommended to the Care of Serjeant Has.

Coleman* Ordei'ed, That such Letters, amongst Mr. Coleman's

Papei*. Papers, as are written with Lemon or Vinegar between the Lines, be fairly transcribed; and such of them as are written in French, or undecyphered, be translated and de-cyphered; to the end the same may be read to the House.

Munl«r of Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Committee fcirE.Ui>d- appointed to examine concerning the Murder of SirEd-’ niundbury Godfrey: And that Sir Sir

Trevor Williams, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Ro. Barkley, Sir Fr.Drake, Col. Birch, Mr. and Sir John

Alorcton, be added to the Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 8* die 1678.

Praters.

Punwich f~\ R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his nnt. \y warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a

new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dutncich in the County of Suffolk..

.Address for Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee apitiehc ud- appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Wjj Coujers, Majesty) to desire him to issue out his Proclamation for the Apprehending of George Conyers, and others, and for a more effectual Way for Disarming of the Popish Recusants, That the Committee had agreed upon an Address: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth; viz.

YOUR Majesty’s most Loyal and Dutiful Subjects, the and

Commons in Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech Your most Sacred Majesty to issue outYour Royal Proclamation, That certain Persons called George Conyers,

# Simonds, Thomas Be and John Callaway, who stand charged as Persons guilty of the damnable and hellish Plot for the Destruction of Your Majesty’s Royal Person, and the Subversion of the Government, and the Extirpation of the Protestant Religion, and are fled from Justice, that they cannot be proceeded against according to Law, do, by a Day certain, after the Proclamation thereof, render themselves to some One or more of Your Majesty’s Justices of the Peace who are thereupon to commit the Party or Parties, so rendering him or themselves, to Your Majesty’s Gaol of the County or Place where he or they shall so render him or themselves, there to remain in safe Custody; and to give present Notice thereof to the Lord Chief Justice of Your Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, in order to their receiving their legal Trial: Willing and commanding therein all Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and all Justices of the Pence, Sheriffs, Constables, and other Your Majesty’s Officers, and loyal Subjects, to do their utmost Endeavour for the Apprehending of the said Persons, and every of them; and for their Imprisonment and safe Custody: And that it be inserted in the said Proclamation, That the Constables, Churchwardens, Headboroughs, Tything-men, Borseholders, and other Parish Officers within the Cities, Counties, Liberties, and Places of this Vox. IX.

Your Majesty’s. Realm, and the Dominion of Wales, and-Town of Berwick upon Tweed, do, with all possible Ex pedition, make diligent Search and Inquiry in all Houses within their respective Parishes, Hamlets, and Villages; and there take an exact Account of the Names and Surnames of all such Persons as are Popish Recusants, or re puted so to be, as well Housholders as Lodgers and Servants, and every of them; and to make up a present List of the Names and Surnames, Age and Quality, of all such Persons, being of the Age of Sixteen Years, or upwards; and to deliver the same forthwith to One of the Justices of the Peace, near adjoining; to send for the said Persons so listed, and every of them, and to tender to them, and every of them, the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; and, in case of Refusal, to enter into Recognizance to appear at the next Sessions of the Peace for such City,

County, or Liberty; or in Default of entering into such Recognizance, to commit them to the common Gaol, there to remain under safe Custody, until the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and then all such Persons, so refusing, to be proceeded against according to Law: And that special Commissions be forthwith issued, under Your Majesty’s Great Seal of England, authorizing the respective Justices of the Peace, or any Tw o or more of them, to administer the said Oaths: And that all the said Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, do proceed without Delay to disarm all such Persons as shall so refuse to take the said Oaths: And, for the better Effecting thereof, and bringing to Justice the aforesaid Offenders, 1’hat Your Majesty would graciously be pleased to declare, That a Reward shall be given to such Persons as shall discover any of the Arms of Popish Recusants, or Persons so reputed; and shall apprehend, and bring before any Justice of the Peace, any One of the said Offenders: And further, that all Your Majesty’s Officers of, or belonging to any of Your Majesty’s Sea Ports, may be injoined to take special Care for the Apprehending of all Popish Priests, and other Persons, who they shall find Cause to suspect, coming into, or going out of this Your Realm; and to carry every such Person before some Justice of the Peace; who shall be required to tender to every of them the said Oaths; and, upon Refusal thereof, to commit the Person, so refusing, to the proper Prison of the Place; and to certify their Proceedings therein to Your Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, from time to time, that such further Course may be taken for the Safety of Your Majesty and the Government, as, in Your Majesty’s Wisdom, shall be thought fit.

Resolved,'Sec. That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the said Address: And that Mr. Solicitor General do go up to the Lords to desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, Sec. That a List of the Justices of the Peace Jwtices of for the several Counties in England and Wales be brought Peace* in by the Clerk of the Crown; as likewise, a List of such Persons as have been put out of the Commission of the Peace within Seven Years last past.

The House being informed, That Colonel Macarty, Papist* or-and Mr. Loftus, and several other Popish Recusants, were dered to obey walking in 1 Vest minster Hall, and the Court of Request, notwithstanding his Majesty's Proclamation;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do immediately take into his Custody Air. Macarty and Mr. Loftus, and such other Popish Recusants, or reputed Popish Recusants, as he shall find walking, either in the Court of Request, Westminster Hall, or Places adjacent.

The Serjeant having taken Mr. Macarty into Custody;

Ordered, That Mr. Macarty be called in; and examined at the Bar of this House.

Mr. Alacarty being called; and examined at the Bar; and being w ithdrawn;

Ordered, That Mr. Alacarty be called in again: And that Mr. Speaker do acquaint him, That this House expects he Should immediately yield Obedience to his Majesty’s Proclamation, and w ithdraw himself.

And Mr. Macarty being called in; Mr. Speakef acquainted him, That this House did expect he Should yield

Obedience

Address on Removal of Duke of York,

Address for Prayer relating to the Plot,

Coleman’s

Papers.

Message to attend the King.

The King’s Speech respecting the Succession.

536 8° — 9 N. 1678.

Obedience to his Majesty's Proclamation; and immediately depart Tea Miles out of Town.

Ordered, That the Debate for an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That his Royal Highness may withdraw himself from his Majesty’s Person and Council, which was adjourned until this Day, be adjourned over until Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, That there may he a particular Prayer or Prayers, composed for the Cities of London and re-

lating to the Plot and Conspiracy contrived and carried on by the Popish Recusants, against his Majesty's Person hnd Government.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 9* die N, 1678.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Coventry informs the House, That his Majesty having been made acquainted, that there is an Address depending before the House of Lords, to be presented to his Majesty, for the Printing of Mr. Coleman's Letter of the Twenty-ninth of September 1675, to Mens. Le Chcze's; and another Letter of Mr. Colemans, owning the Sending the same; and Mons. Le Chcze's Answer, acknowledging the Receipt thereof; and that those Letters have not, as yet, been read in the House of Lords; and that it was his Majesty’s Pleasure, if this House had done with the Letters, that the same Should be returned; to the end they may be communicated to the Lords;

Resolved, &c. That the said Letters be delivered back to the Clerk of the Council.

A Message from the King, by Sir Carteret,

Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Lords.

And accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Majesty: And that his Majesty was pleased to make use of his Paper; and that it was so full of Grace, and such Expressions of Favour in it, that he was unwilling One Syllable of it Should be lost; and he had therefore procured a Copy of it: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I A M so very sensible of the great and extraordinary Care you have already taken, and still continue to shew, for the Safety and Preservation of My Person in these Times of Danger, that I could not satisfy Myself without coming hither, on Purpose, to give All, my most hearty Thanks for it: Nor do I think it enough to give you my Thanks only, but I hold Myself obliged to let you see, withal, that I do as much Study your Preservation too, as I can possibly; and that I am as ready to join with you in all the Ways and Means that may establish a firm Security of the Protestant Religion, as your own Hearts can wish: And This not only during My Time (of which I am sure you have no Fear), but in all future Ages, even to the End of the World.

And therefore I am come to assure you, That whatsoever reasonable Bills you shall present to be passed into Laws, to make you safe in the Reign of my Successor, so as they tend not to impeach the Right of Succession, nor the Descent of the Crown in the true Line; and so as they restrain not my Power; nor the just Rights of any Protestant Successor; shall find from Me a ready Concurrence.

And I desire you, withal, to think of some more effectual Means for the Conviction of Popish Recusants; and to expedite your Counsels as fast as you can; that the World may see our Unanimity; and that I may have the Opportunity of shewing you, how ready I am to do any thing that may give Comfort and Satisfaction to such Dutiful and Loyal Subjects.

Resolved, &c. That the humble and hearty Thanks of this House he returned to his Majesty, for his most Gracious Speech this Day made to both Houses of Parliament.

Resolved, That this Llouse will go in a Body to his Majesty, to give him their Thanks.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when this House may attend him.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Monday Morning next, take his Majesty’s Speech into Consideration.

The House being informed, That several Papers belonging to one Mons. Tortereux, a Papist, were seized;

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Papers.

And it is referred to Sir Rich. Everard, Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Wright, Mr. Pozvle, Sir Tho. Meercs, Sir Wm. Hickman, Col. Titus, Sir Tho. , Sir Trevor Wil-

hams, Sir Geo. Dozening, Col. Birch, Serjeant Gregory, Sir John Knight, Sir Er. Russor any Three of them.

A Complaint being made, that the Commissions for taking the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy are not issued forth, pursuant to his Majesty’s Proclamation;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Afternoon with the said Commissions.

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That, in pursuance of the Order of the House, he had attended his Majesty; to know his Pleasure when this House may attend him with their Thanks: And that his Majesty had appointed Three of the Clock this Afternoon, for this House to attend him in the Banqueting House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Andrew Hackett and Sir Samuel Clerke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the last Address, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the said Amendments.

The First Amendment, being for filling up the Blank with the Words " the Lords Spiritual and Temporal," was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The Second Amendment being, to leave out Thomas Bedingfeild, and to put in " Charles Walsh, Fevre, Pritchard," was twice read; and, upon the Question,

agreed.

Resolved, &c. That Sir Jos. Tredenham do go up to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House has agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Address.

Ordered, That Mr. Bedlmo be summoned to attend at the Bar of this House, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House, being met, went to the Banqueting House at Whitehall, to attend his Majesty;

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Majesty: And that, alter he had given his Majesty the humble and hearty Thanks of this House, his Majesty was pleased to return this Answer:

Gentlemen,

Thanks f,r Speech.

Speech to be considered.

Papers seized.

Commission! for administering Oaths,

King appoints to be attended.

Address for apprehending Conyers, &c.

Bed low to attend.

Answer to Address,

30 Car. II. 9° — 10° — -11

517

Answer to . Address for Prayer.

Commission* for administering Oaths.

Gentlemen,

It shall always be My Study to preserve the Protestant Religion; and to advance and support the Interest of My People.

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That, in pursuance of the Order of the House, his Majesty had been attended with the Address of this House for a particular Prayer, to be composed for the Cities of London and Westminster, relating to the Plot and Conspiracy, contrived and carried on by the Popish Recusants, against his Majesty’s Person and Government: That his Majesty was pleased to signify his Pleasure, That the same Should be done: And that Orders were given to the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury accordingly

The Clerk of the Crown was then called in; and exa-

Lurue, 11* die No1678.

Pbaye us.

from the Committee appointed Commission* ~ for admi-

MR. Powle reports

to prepare the Matter to be offered at the Conference to be had with the Lords, concerning the not Issuing out the Commissions for administering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed: And is as followeth;

" Upon Examination of the Clerk of the Crown, touching the Neglect in Issuing out of Commissions to the Justices of the Peace, pursuant to his Majesty’s late Royal Proclamation, and the Address of both Houses,

nistering

Oaths,

'mined, touching the Issuing-forth of the Commissions for for administering the Oaths ot Allegiance and Supremacy

lied low to attend.

;icr=

is;1!;

ate.

administring the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords concerning the not Issuing out the Commissions for administering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, pursuant to his Majesty’s Proclamation.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Sackaverell, Mr. Pcfwle, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir John Trevor, Colonel Titus, Colonel Birch, Sir Hen. CapelSir Char. Harbord, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Fr.Russell, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the Matter to be offered at the said Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do go up to the Lords, to desire the Conference.

Mr. Waller acquaints the House, That the Lords had agreed to a' Conference on Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Bcdbe summoned to attend at the Bar of the House Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, Four of the Clock in the Afternoooon.

Dominico, 10° Novembris, 1678. Post Meridiem.

Address respecting Prayer about the Plot.

to Popish Recusants; and Persons suspected so to be; and the Clerk of the Crown having informed the House of Commons, That a Draught of such Commissions was prepared by the Attorney General, and ingrossed by the said Clerk of the Crown; and by him tendered last Thursday Morning to be sealed by the Lord Chancellor; and that, nevertheless, the said Commissions neither then, nor at any time since, to the time of his Examination on *Saturday last, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, were, or have been, sealed: And the House of Commons, being very sensible of the great Danger that may ensue to his Majesty and this Kingdom, by such Delay; and his Lordship being a Member of your House; have thought fit to represent it to your Lordships; desiring, That your Lordships will speedily inquire into the Reason of this great Neglect and Contempt of his Majesty’s said Proclamation; and to do therein as to Justice shall appertain."

The House then proceeded to the Examination of the Northampton Matter concerning the Return for the Borough of North- F,ection* ampton.

The High Sheriff for . County of Northampton, and the Clerk of the Crown, were called in; and examined: And the Writ, with the Indenture annexed to it, delivered in.

The Mayor for the Borough of Northampton was likewise called in, and examined: And delivered in an Indenture annexed to the Precept, which he received from the Sheriff.

And, upon Examination of the Matter, it appearing

JDESOL VE Z), &c. That an humble Address be pre- to the House, that the Precept, from the Sheriff, was sented to his Majesty hv snrh Members nf this directed to the Mayor and Justices for the Borough of

Northampton; and that the Indenture, annexed to the

;xt

Murder of Sir E. Godfrey.

sented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, representing to his Majesty, That his Majesty's Commands, given upon the Address of this House, for composing a particular Prayer or Prayers, to be used on Wednesday next, relating to the Plot and Conspiracy contrived and carried on by the Popish Recusants against his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Protestant Religion, have not as yet been obeyed; there being no Mention therein made of the Papists, who are the Contrivers of this damnable and hellish Plot: And humbly to desire his Majesty to give effectual Orders, that his Commands may be obeyed.

Mr. Bedlozv being called in, to give an Account concerning the Murder of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey; as also, concerning the Plot now under Examination: And his Information being in Writing; he read the same to the House; and afterwards delivered the same in to the House.

Ordered, That the Papers now delivered in by Mr.

.a#

Writ, whereby Sir IVm. Temple is returned to serve for the said Bqrough, is not signed by the Mayor, nor the Seal of the Corporation fixed thereto; and that the Indenture, whereby Ralph Montague Esquire is returned, is signed by the Mayor, and the Seal of the Corporation fixed thereto; and that the same is annexed to the Precept from the Sheriff';

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente, That the Indenture annexed to the Writ, whereby Sir Win. Temple is returned to serve as Burgess for the Borough of Northampton, is not a sufficient Return.

Resolved, &c. Nemine contradicente, That the Indenture signed by the Mayor of Northampton, and sealed with the Common Seal of the Corporation, and which is annexed to the Sheriff’s Precept; whereby Ralph Montague Esquire is returned to serve for the said Borough; is a due Return; and ought to be annexed to the Writ.

Ordered, That the Sheriff' of the County of Northampton do take off the Indenture annexed to the Writ, Bedlow, containing his Information, be forthwith sealed whereby Sir William Temple is returned; and do receive up; and do so remain until further Order. the Indenture annexed to the Precept, whereby Mr. Mon-

And the said Papers were accordingly sealed up by tague is returned; and do annex the same to the Writ.

r M C! A Lam rtvtrl ^4/\l i.1% I M /.mK A 1 A 1 T /V 1 X1 _ _ /^1 1 _ C A 1 _ __ _____

Mr. Speaker, and delivered to the Clerk.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Vol. IX.

And the Sheriff, and the Clerk of the Crown, being called in; the Sheriff did take off the Indenture, whereby Sir Wm. Temple is returned, from the Writ.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the Order of the House; That he Should receive the Precept and Indenture

6 U annexed

u-

538

annexed thereto, whereby Mr. Montagu is returned; and annex the same to the Writ.

And the Sheriff, and the Clerk of the Crown, being withdrawn;

Ordered, That Mr. Neale, High Sheriff for the County of Northampton, be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Members appointed to manage the Conference with the Lords, did then attend, and manage the Conference: And being returned;

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy and Sir Samuel Clerke;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded to acquaint you, That the Lords of the White Staff have attended his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, when both Houses may attend his Majesty with the last Address of this House: And that his Majesty had appointed this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, for both Houses to attend Him, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Lorw and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

And the Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members who did attend, and manage the last Conference, do attend, and manage this Conference.

Mr. Pmvle reports from the Conference had with the Lords, as followeth:

" We have attended the Lords at the Conference; which was managed by my Lord Chancellor."

" He delivered all by Word of Mouth, without the Help of any Paper: And therefore I must crave Pardon, if w hat I report, be not exactly according to his Words; though, I hope, I shall not omit any material Passage."

" He began with telling us, That the Lords were very well pleased with the Representation made to them by ' the Commons, about the Neglect in issuing out the Commissions for taking the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy: That it was a Zeal well becoming the House of Commons, not to suffer it to be defeated by any Person whatsoever."

" That there was no Time yet lost in this Business: For, had the Commissions been sealed; yet, till the Returns had been made by the several Constables, it would have been hard to find out the Persons to whom the Oaths were to be applied: And that the Constables were still employed about that Work, and had not yet made their Returns."

" That, nevertheless, the Lords thought it not enough to shew the Commons, that there w-as no Negligence; but that, on the contrary, all Diligence had been used in the Expediting these Commissions: And that, therefore, their Lordships had commanded him to acquaint us with the whole Progress of these Commissions."

" That is was true, that the Commissions had been drawn and perused by the Attorney General, and brought to the Seal, and not sealed, as the Clerk of the Crown had informed us: But that it was great Pity, that the Clerk of the Crown was not then in Court, that he might have acquainted us with the w'hole Truth of what passed at that Time, as well as with that Part of the Truth he had acquainted us withal."

" That it had been in Debate in the House of Peers, the Day before, What Regulation and Limits Should be inserted in the Commissions: For that their Lordships conceived it hard, that Persons aged, infirm, and not able to go out of Town with Safety of their Lives, Should not be excepted from taking the Oaths: And This, they thought, was a Severity beyond the Intention of the Commons."

vf.1678.

" Their Lordships, likewise, observed, that there was a prudential Power reserved in Six Privy Counsellors (whereof the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, or Principal Secretary, to be One) to grant Licenses; And they thought it reasonable, that Persons so licensed Should be excepted; else the Hardship would be greater on those that stayed, than those that went."

‘f Their Lordships likewise thought, That the Peers of this Realm, who are excepted by the Law from taking the Oath of Supremacy, were fit to be excepted out of this Commission; as also, that Foreign Merchants and Aliens, being no Subjects, were not within the Law, and could not be thought dangerous; because they were such as did frequent the Exchange, and of whom my Lord Mayor might have an Account, and deliver a List of them to the Council Table.

" That the Lords thought it fit, that these Exceptions Should be inserted into the Commissions, that the Justices of Peace may see whom not to trouble: And thereupon their Lordships gave him Directions to make such Exceptions."

" That the Attorney General sitting in Court when the Commissions were brought the next Day to be sealed, he advised the Officer that had the Seal to hold his Hand: Whereupon the Officer, stepping to him, asked him, What he Should do ? And he told him, They must be altered."

" That, this Morning, He had acquainted the Lords, What just Cause he had to complain of the great difficulty that lay upon him, either by their not obeying their Lordships, or disobliging the whole Kingdom."

" That he had brought before them Commissions for Six Counties; which comprehended all the Counties within Ten Miles of London, to which the Proclamation did extend: And he produced before them Two Forms of Commissions; one a general Form, extending to all; the other a particular Form, with the aforesaid Exceptions; desiring their Resolution, In which of the said Forms their Lordships would have the said Commissions passed."

" That the Lords, though they thought the Exceptions most reasonable, yet, because their Lordships considered, that these Commissions had issued out upon the Address of both Houses; and that therefore to make Explanations by themselves which had not been communicated to the Commons, might not agree with that good Correspondency which their Lordships Should always endeavour to maintain between the Two Houses; their Lordships gave him Directions to pass the Commissions in the General Form, let the Hardship light where it would: And they gave him Leave to withdraw presently, to seal the Commissions; which, accordingly, are all sealed."

" He concluded with telling us, And now, Gentlerpen, you have your full Satisfaction."

Resolved, Sic. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to remind them of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament; it being a Bill upon which the Safety of the King and Kingdom, and the Protestant Religion, do depend: And that Serjeant Mainard do go up with the Message.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 12* die Novemb 1678.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Sachavcrell, Serjeant Gre- gory, Colonel Birch, and Sir Gilbert Gerrerd, do go to Neiogate, and examine Mr. touching the Plot,

and the Death of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey; and such other Matters as they shall think fit.

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That he had attended his Majesty with the Second Address of this House, touching a Particular Prayer -to be used on - Wednesday

11* — i Novemirts.

Conference.

King appoints to be attended.

Conference on Commissions for administering ©aths.

Lords reminded of a

Bill.

Murder of Sir E. Godfrey.

Answer to Address.

53 9

3o Car. II.

13° — i 3 V — 1 Novembris.

Wednesday next: And that his Majesty was pleased to give Order, That the Prayers Should be altered.

Answer to Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That he attended Address. his Majesty Yesterday, with the Address of both Houses: And that my Lord Chancellor read the Address to the King: Who was pleased to return this Answer;

That He would take Care, that all that was desired Should be done accordingly.

Popish Plot. The House being informed, that there were certain Informations, taken by one Mr. Roe, a Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, touching a lighted Match, and combustible Matter, which was found in the Stables of Sir George Wakeman;

Ordered, That Justice Roe be forthwith summoned to attend this House, to give an Account touching the Informations he has taken, concerning the Match, and combustible Matter, which was found in Sir George Wakemans Stable, on Sunday Night last.

Bedlow’sEx- Ordered, That a Copy of Mr. Examination

animation. given in the Bar of this House, touching the Plot and Conspiracy, and the Murder of Sir Godfrey,

be made out, and delivered to Mr. Bedlow.

Address Resolved, &c. That there being an Accusation of High concerning Treason against Sir William his Majesty’s

gVI h' Ambassador in Spain, that an humble Address be pre-0 0 p m" sented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, to desire his Majesty to call Home Sir Wm. Godolphin, to answer the Accusation.

Jovis, 14° die Novembrisj 1678.

PxAYHaS.

ORDERED, That Mr. Bedlow be forthwith sent Bedlow to for, to attend at the Bar of this House. attend.

Ordered, That Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Wright, Mr. Pepis, Committees Sir Anth. Deane, Sir John Newton, Sir Windham, added.

Sir John Hobart, Mr. Hamden, Sir George Mr. Spry, Sir Giles Hungerford, Sir Ro. Berkley, Sir Holland, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Brorme, be added to the Committee appointed to examine Mr. Coleman’s Papers.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House he returned Dr- Stilling-to Doctor Stilling fleet, Dean of St. Paul's, for his Sermon, fleet tfaankcd’

Yesterday preached before this House at St. Margaret's Westminster: And that he be desired to print his Sermon.

And Colonel Titus is desired to give him the Thanks of the House; and to acquaint him with the Desire of the House to print his Sermon.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Duchy of Lan- justices of caster be desired to give Orders, That a List of the Peace. Justices of the Peace within the said Jurisdiction; as also, a List of such as have been turned out within this Seven Years last past; may be brought to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine Langliome’s Mr. Langhome’s Papers, do meet Tomorrow in the Papers. Afternoon; and do examine and sort such of his Papers as they have laid by; to die end that those that are necessary for the Sendee of the House, may be fitted and prepared to be presented to the House.

Address for Resolved,&c. That an humble Address be presented to administering his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of Kitv’s Ser ^’s Majesty’s Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, That vantt! 6r* a Special Commission may be issued forth, for tendering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to all the Servants of his Majesty, and his Royal Highness, and to all other Persons (excepther Majesty's Portugal Servants) residing within his Majesty’s Houses of Whitehall, St. James, and Somerset-house, and all other his Majesty’s Houses: And that there may likewise Special Commissions be issued forth, for tendering the said Oaths to all Persons residing within the Two Serjeants Inns, all the Inns of Court, and Inns of Chancery.

Committees Ordered, That Mr. Mr. Love, Sir Rob. Can,

added. Sir Fran. Russell, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Bamaby, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Morgan, Sir Sam.

Sir George Hungerford, be added to the Committee appointed to examine concerning the Translating, Printing, and Publishing the Gazette in French.

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That Answer to his Majesty had been attended with the Two Addresses Address, of this House; the One in relation to the Calling Home of Sir William Godolphin; the other, concerning the Issuing forth of Special Commissions for tendering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to certain Persons:

That, as to that concerning Sir Godolphin, his Majesty was pleased to return Answer, That he had already ordered his Letter of Revocation; and that he had a Person in his Eye, whom he designed Should succeed him in that Service: That, as to the other Address, his Majesty was pleased to return his Answer in Writing: Which he delivered to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House; and is as followeth, viz.

1| iT

Sth

CM-

A®*1"

Justices of Peace.

Bedlow’s Ex-

ABiisatiow.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do bring in the Lists of the Justices of the Peace, for the several Counties of England and Wales; as likewise, the List of such Persons as have been out of the Commission of the Peace within Seven Years last past, on Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 13° die Novembris, 1678.

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, That, in pursuance of the Order of the House, Mr- Bedews Examinations were copied: And that he had sealed up the Originals again; which he delivered to the Clerk.

Ordered, That the Copies of Mr. Bedlow's Examinations be sealed up, and delivered to him by the Clerk ,of the House.

And the Copies were accordingly sealed up, by Mr. Speaker, and delivered to the Clerk, to carry them to Mr. Bedlow.

And then the House adjourned till Tp-mprrow Morning, Eight of die Clopk.

Vol. IX.

HIS Majesty having considered of the Address of this House, of the Twelfth Instant, desiring his Majesty, That a Special Commission may be issued forth, for tendering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, to all the Servants of his Majesty, and his Royal Highness, and to all other Persons (except her Majesty’s Portugal Servants) residing within his Majesty’s Houses of Whitehall, St. James, and Somerset-house, and all other his Majesty’s Houses; and that there may, likewise, Special Commissions be issued forth, for tendering the said Oaths to all Persons residing within the Two Serjeants Inns, all the Inns of Court, and Inns of Chancery; His Majesty is pleased, That this Answer be returned:

That, as to all His Majesty's own Servants, all the Servants of his Royal Highness, all other Persons residing in Whitehall, St. James, Somerset-house, ,or in any other of his Majesty’s {Palaces pr Houses, except the menial Servants of the Queen, and of the Duchess; as also, all Persons within either of the Serjeants Inns, or any of the Inns of Court or Chancery; His Majesty willingly grants it: But, as to the Queen’s menial Servants, who are so very inponsiderable in Numtier, , and within the Articles of Marriage j TUf Majesty dptji pot think it fit. And jus Majesty efumpt but ta^e Notice, t&eyt in a late 4frapi the {House $ P^ers, for

Prohibiting

Further Address for administering Oaths.

Lords put in mind of Address.

Address for

pardoning

Redlow.

Address for Removal of Duke of York.

Coleman's

Papers.

Justices of Peace.

Answer to Address.

Further Address for administering Oaths.

540 14* — 15° — 16’ Novembris. A. 1678.

Prohibiting all Papists to come to Court, the menial Servants of the Queen and Duchess were excepted: And his Majesty hopes, this House will proceed with the same Moderation as to that Particular. Given at the Court at Whitehall, the 14th Day of , 1678.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a further Address be presented to his Majesty, for Issuing forth of Commissions for tendering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to the Menial Servants of the Queen, and her Royal Highness.

And it is referred to Sir Wm.Coventry, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr. Bowie, Mr. Sachaverell, Colonel Titus, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Hamden, Sir Harvey, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Wm. Hickman, Sir Nich. Carew, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the said Address: And they are to meet at Two of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, &c. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Address sent from this House, to be presented to his Majesty, for the Printing of Mr. Colemans Letter to Mons. Lc Chese, the French King’s Confessor, dated the 29th of September 1675; and another Letter of Mr. Coleman to the same Person, owning the Sending of the same; and Mons. Le Chezcs Answer to Mr, Coleman, acknowledging the Receipt thereof.

Mr. Bedlmv was then called into the House to give in

his farther Information: And being withdrawn;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, to beseech his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to giant Mr. his Pardon.

Resolved, Sec. That the adjourned Debate, for an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That his Royal Highness may withdraw himself from his Majesty’s Person and Councils, be further adjourned until Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 15* die Novembris, 1678. Prayers.

SIR John Knight reports from the Committee appointed to examine Mr. Papers, That the

Committee had transcribed several of the Letters which were sent to Mr. Coleman, and written in Vinegar, and Mere difficult to be read: And had likewise translated several, which were written in French: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

And some of them were by Mr. Speaker read to the House.

into Consideration Your Majesty’s Message of the Fourteenth Instant, do humbly render our Thanks to Your Majesty, for graciously condescending so far to our Desires; and willingly granting, that a Special Commission be issued forth, for tendering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to all Your Majesty’s own Servants, all the Servants of his Royal Highness, and all other Persons residing in Whitehall, St. James, and Somerset-house, or any other of Your Majesty’s Palaces or Houses, except the menial Servants of the Queen and the Duchess; as also, all Persons within either of the Serjeants Inns, or any of the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery.

As to the Persons excepted in this Your Majesty’s Message, We, Your Majesty’s Commons, do humbly advise Your Majesty, and renew our Desires, that they may be comprehended in the said Commission: For which, we do, with all Duty, lay before Your Majesty the Reasons following;

1. For the Quieting of the Minds of Your Majesty’s good Protestant Subjects; who have more than ordinary Care and Solicitude for the Safety of Your Majesty’s Person, by reason of the notorious Conspiracy of the Popish Party at this Time, even against the Life of Your sacred Majesty.

2. By Your Majesty’s Proclamation, set forth upon the Address of both Houses, for banishing Popish Recusants Ten Miles from London, there is no such Restriction.

3. The Discouragement it would be to the whole Kingdom, to see so great a Neglect; and the Occasions that Papists would take from thence to say (as they daily do), That all our Fears are groundless.

4. It is too great Countenance to the dangerous Factions, M’ho are already come to that Height, that it renders all manner of Discouragement on that Side necessary.

It is against the Laws and Statutes of the Realm; which, as they are preserved and maintained by Your Majesty’s Authority, so we assure ourselves, You Mill not.sufler them to be thus violated in Your own Family, and Royal Presence; and upon the Account of Popish Recusants.

Resolved, See. That the Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council.

Resolved, Sec. That an humble Address be presented Address for to his Majesty; desiring his Majesty, That Special Commissions of Oyer and Terminer may be issued forth, for Trying of Charles Mehaine, now in Custody in the Borough of Denbigh, and Wm. Lloyd, now in the County Gaol of Brecon, as Popish Priests.

And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor General, Colonel Birch, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr. Williams, Sir John Salisbury,

Mr. Powle, Sir Wm.Coventry, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Tho.

Lee, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir Eliah Harvy, Mr. Sir

Tho. Meeres; or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, to prepare and draw up the said Address.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do, on Monday Morning next, bring in a List of such Persons as have been put out of the Commission of the Peace, within the Space of Seven Years last past.

Mr. Secretary Williamson acquaints the House, That his Majesty had been attended with the Address of this House, for a Pardon to be granted to Mr. Bed low: And that his Majesty had readily granted him a Pardon; and given Order for drawing the same.

Sir Thomas Littleton reports from the Committee appointed to draw up the Address, concerning tendering the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to the Servants of the Queen and Duchess, an Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; anil afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed: And is as followeth;

WE Your Majesty’s most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects the Commons, in Parliament assembled, having taken

25

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 16* die Novembris, 1678.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee appointed to Papers 1*.

examine Mr. Colemans and the Jesuits several Bags to of Papers relating to the Plot, have Power to distribute F ot’ those Bags of Papers amongst themselves; and Three of the Committee to receive and examine One Bag of the said Papers; and the Chairman of the Committee to deliver every Bag by itself to Three of the Committee, to be examined j and no Bag to be opened or perused, but in the Presence of the said Three, to whom it is delivered; that they may make their Report thereof to the House.

Mr. Williams reports from the Committee appointed Address for to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, to Trial of Po‘ desire his Majesty to issue forth Special Commissions of plsh Pne, ts

Oyer

In:

F-':

30 Car. II.

1 6° — 18° N.

S41

Oyer and Terminer for trying certain Persons as Popish Priests, An Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with some Additions made thereto, upon the Question, agreedj and is as followeth:

May it please your Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most Loyal and Dutiful Subjects the Commons in Parliament assembled, having Information, that Charles Mehainc hath continued in Custody, in the Borough of Denbigh in the county of ,

since June last, upon violent Suspicion of being a Popish Priest; and that William Lloyd now remains in Gaol at Brecon in the County of Brupon a Commitment for being a Popish Priest: And forasmuch as Your Majesty’s Justice for the Great Sessions for the County of Denbigh, at the Great Sessions held for the said County in September last, did not try the said Charles Mehaine

1

are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, to prepare and draw up the said Address.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 18® die Novembris, 16? 8. Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Btdloe be forthwith sent Bedloe to for, to attend at the Bar of this House. aiteDd.

Ordered, That Mr. Coleman's original Papers, which Papers to be have been already perused by this House, be returned relurnfd> back to the Clerk of the Council, now in waiting.

Serjeant Sets reports from the Committee appointed Mistranslate examine concerning the Translating, Printing, and Pub- tien of Ga‘

taken

Writing,

for the said Offence: Your Majesty’s Protestant Subjects lishing the Gazette in French, That the Committee had being much disquieted, and Popish Recusants animated,

by reason that Delinquents of That kind are not brought to speedy Justice, especially at this time of manifest Danger to Your Majesty’s sacred Person, Government, and Religion established by Law, proceeding from the notorious Conspiracies of Popish Priests, Jesuits, and

zette.

the Particulars thereof; and put the same into which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table. Resolved, &c. That the further Consideration of this Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bedloe, being called in, delivered a further Infor- Popish Plot. Popish Recusants: We humbly apprehending it to be mation in Writing, touching the Plot and Conspiracy highly necessary, as some Ease to the Hearts of Your now under Examination

Majesty’s good Protestant Subjects, filled with present Fears of Popery, to have the Laws speedily and effectually executed upon Popish Priests; do, with all Humility, beseech Your Majesty, to grant One or more Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, for the Trial of the said Charles Mehaine and William Lloyd, according to the known and well established Laws of the Kingdom.

And we do further and humbly beseech Your Majesty, That Your Majesty may be pleased to command Your Attorney General, with all Care and Diligence to prepare the whole Evidence against James Colker, a Benedictine Monk, and who assumes to himself the Title of Bishop of London, for his Trial, at the next Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex and City of London.

And we do further humbly beseech Your Majesty, That Your Majesty will graciously be pleased to issue forth Your Proclamation, with a Promise of a Reward to any Person that shall apprehend a Popish Priest or Jesuit.

Resolved, &c. That my Lord Chief Justice be desired immediately to repair to this House: And that Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Williams do acquaint him with the Desire of the House.

Mr. Solicitor General acquaints the House, That Mr. Williams and himself had, according to the Order of the House, acquainted my Lord Chief Justice with the Desire of the House: And that my Lord Chief Justice, according to his wonted Readiness, was come along with them; and was at the Door.

My Lord Chief Justice being called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the Occasion that this House had sent for him.

After which his Lordship withdrew into Mr. Speaker's Chamber.

Lords reminded of Bill.

Resolved, See. That an humble Address be made to Address for his Majesty, to desire his Majesty to give Orders to the raising the Lord Lieutenants of the several Counties, to raise a Third ma" Besolved, &c. That such Members of this House as Part of the Militia for a Fortnight, to secure the Peace of are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to know the Kingdom; and that the Sheriffs may be ready, with his Majesty's Pleasure, when this House may attend the Posse Comitutus, to assist, in case of any Insurrection.

Him with this Address. And it is referred to Mr. Sir Gilbert Gerrard,

Sir Robert Sanyer, Mr. Suchaverell, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Resolved, See. That a Message be sent to the Lords, as Eliah Harvy, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Sir John followeth; viz. Trevor, Colonel Titus, Sir Browne, Sir Ric.

" The Commons in Parliament assembled, reflecting man, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Fr. Russell, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir on the imminent Dangers, wherein the Kingdom i3 in- Nicholas Carexo, Colonel Sir Win. Coventry; or

volved, by the restless Conspiracies of Popish Recusants, any Three of them.: And they are to meet at Four of against his Majesty's Person, and the Religion and Go- the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, vernment established, do find themselves necessitated to Ordered, That the said Committee do bring in a Bill Militia. '

or Bills, to make the Militia more useful in this Time of Danger.

.v.uuivu* www.wnvu, uvvwk

remind your Lordships for a speedy Proceeding < before you, intituled, An Act for the more effe<

; on the Bill

you, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament; with-

rs?

h&*

ft*

Message.

Address for Reward for Discoverie* of tho Plot.

H

- _r----- g,----- — -----,... The House being informed, that there were several Commission*

out which they think themselves unable to prepare any ef- Commissions granted to Popish Recusants, and Warrants to Papist*, fectual Remedies to prevent the Evils that hang over us:" also, that they w ould be mustered, and receive Pay,

And that Mr. Secretary Coventry do go up with the notwithstanding the y have not taken the Oaths, and

subscribed the Declaration according to the Act of Parliament; and that they were signed by Mr. Secretary Williamson;

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Secretary Williamson be im- Mr. Sec.Wil-mediately sent to the for signing Warrants for liamson sent

a further Discovery of any of the Designs and Attempts Popish Officers to be mustered, and receive Pay, con- 10 Tower, against his Majesty’s Person and Government. trary to the Act for preventing Dangers which may

And it is referred to Sir Win.Coventry, Sir Tho. Meeres, happen from Popish Recusants.

Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Hen. Capell, Mr.

Williams, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Powle, Sir Ordered, That Mr. Lock, Mr. Henry Howard, Sir Person* t» Rob. Sawyer, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Fr. Drake, Sir Eliah CecillHoward, and Mr. be summoned to utt:nd* Harvy, Sir Fr, flolles; or any Three of them: And they attend at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Vex.. IX. fr X Resolved,

Resolved, Sec. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty, that some fitting Encouragement may be given to such Persons as shall make

543 . i8° — 19*

Resolved, See. That the adjourned Debate for an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That his Royal Highness may withdraw himself from his Majesty’s Person and Councils, be further adjourned till Thursday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tb-morrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Men tis, 19° die 1678.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That his Majesty commanded this House to attend him, immediately, in the Banqueting House at 'Jw.lL And accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to Whitehall to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports. That, according to his Majesty’s Commands, he had attended Him in the Banqueting House at Whitehall:Where his Majesty was pleased to make a Speech to the House; which his Majesty was pleased to deliver by Word of Mouth, and not to make use of any Paper: The Effect of which Speech Mr. Speaker declared to the House.

Address re- . Resolved, See. That an humble Address be made to specting the p;s Majesty, representing to his Majesty the Reasons that 'nt'ucc^ this House to commit Mr. Secretary Williamson liamson. to the 'shirer: And that his Majesty be humbly desired, not to release Mr. Secretary Williamson from his Imprisonment: And that his Majesty will be pleased to recall all the Commissions that have been granted to any Pa-phis, or suspected Papists, within the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, anil any other his Majesty's Dominions and Territories.

And it is referred to Sir Win. Coventry, Colonel Sir The>.Lee, Sir Gilbert Sir Charles Wheeler,

Lord Cavendish, Sir Tho Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Stock-dale, Sir Fr. RollSir Tho. Sir John Knight, Mr. Poxvie, Sir Sir Hen.

Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Thyn, Mr. Williams, Sir Edxe. FleeriSir Jos. Tredenham, Colonel Birch, Sir I I'm. Hickman, Mr. Secretary or

any Five of them: And they are to withdraw into the Speaker’s Chamber, and prepare the said Address.

Sir Wm. Coventry reports from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty, That some fitting Encouragement may be given to such Persons as shall make a further Discovery of the Designs and Attempts against his Majesty’s Person and Government, That the Committee had agreed upon an Address: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth; viz

May it please Your Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most Loyal and most Dutiful Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, cannot sufficiently admire Your Majesty’s Love of Justice, and Care of Your People, which have moved Your Royal Heart to propose a Pardon, and Reward, to such as shall reveal the Murderers of Sir Edmund Berry Godfrey; whilst no Encouragement is given unto such as shall make a further Discovery of the Persons designing against \ our Majesty’s own Life (which we beseech God long to preserve): And therefore we humbly beseech Your Majesty, so far to consider Your own Safety, the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and Safety of Your People, which so much depend upon it, as to issue out Your Proclamation, whereby some fitting Encouragement may be given to any who shall do so important a Service; that so Men of such wicked Principles may be discouraged from the like Attempts for the future.

Commissions Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in, to make it to Papists, more penal for any Person, being a Popish Recusant, to

19

Address for lit*ward fir Discoveries of the Plot.

Address for removing the Duke of York.

King appoints to be attended.

Novembris: A. 1678.'

receive any Commission; and that such Persons as do receive Commissions, do take the Oaths and Test; and bring a Certificate thereof, before their Commissions be delivered to them; and that a Penalty he inflicted on the;

Officers through whose Hands such Commissions pass, in case the same be delivered to the Person, before lie do bring a Certificate of his having taken the Oaths and Test, as aforesaid: And that Air. Finch do bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Lock, Mr. Kingdon, and Mr. Persons to Howard, who are attending in the Lobby, do attend aUeod* Tomorrow.

And then lire House adjourned for half an Hour.

Post Meridiem.

SIR Robci't Howard reports from the Committee ap- Address eon-pointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his cemingCom- Majesty, representing to his Majesty the Reasons that induced this House to commit Mr. Secretary Williamson to sonj the Tower, An Address agreed upon by the Committee:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth; vizi

May it please Your Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most Loyal and Dutiful Subjects,

Your Commons assembled in Parliament, having taken into our serious Consideration, what Your Majesty was pleased to deliver to us this Day in the Banqueting House; and being most desirous, not only to express our Loyalty and A flections to Your Majesty's Service, but. also to preserve Your Majesty’s good Opinion of the Manner of our Proceedings, do humbly present to Your Majesty the Reason of our Proceedings, in the Commitment of Sir Joseph Williamson, a Member of the House.

That divers Commissions were granted to Popish Officers, and countersigned by the said Sir Joseph Williamson; and delivered out in October last, since the Meeting of this House, and the Discovery' of the pi e-sent Popish Conspiracy.

Divers Warrants have also been produced before us of Dispensations, contrary to Law, for Popish Officers to continue in their Commands, and to be passed in Muster, notwithstanding the y have not taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and received the blessed Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the late Act of Parliament in that Behalf: All which said Warrants were likewise countersigned by the said Sir Joseph Williamson.

Which being complained of to us, and confessed by the said Sir Joseph Williamson, in the House of Commons; we Your Majesty’s most Dutiful Subjects, having the immediate Consideration before us of the imminent Danger of Your Majesty’s Person (the Safety whereof is above all Things most dear,) and likewise the Dangers, from Popish Plots, so nearly threatening the Peace and Safety of Your Majesty’s Government, and the Protestant Religion, were humbly of an Opinion, we could not discharge our Duties to Your Majesty and the whole Kingdom, without the Committing of the said Sir Joseph Williamson; and therefore most humbly desire, that he may not be discharged by Your Majesty.

And we further most humbly desire your Majesty to recall all Commissions granted to all Papists within the Kingdoms of England and Freland, or any other Your Majesty’s Dominions and Territories.

Resolved, &c. That this Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovy Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Privilege.

Popish Plot*

Lords concurrence desired to Address.

Bedloe’i

Pardon.

Papists not to sit in Parliament.

30 Car. II. 20° — :2i® — a a®

Mercurii, 20* die , 1678.

Praters.

A COMPLAINT being made of a Breach of Privilege, committed against Sir Philip a

Memberof this House, in arresting and detaining Timothy Remington his menial Servant;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the Matter of Fact to the House.

The House being made acquainted by Sir Richard Head, a Member of the House, of a Letter that he received from one Richard Tray an Attorney; who thereby informs him, That Mr. John of Maidstone told

him, That he was told by Mr. William Godfrey of That he knew the Depth of this Plot a great while ago.

Ordered, That Mr. Tray, Mr. and Mr. Godfrey, be summoned to attend at the Bar of this House.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the Address Yesterday agreed upon to be presented to his Majesty, That some fitting Encouragement may be given to such as shall make a further Discovery of the Plot: And that Sir Fr. Rol/cs do desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

543

with the Lords, Why this House does not agree with the Lords in the Second and Third Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more cfibc-tual Preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists to sit in either House of Parliament.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Sir Robert

Sawyer, Mr. Finch, Sir Wm.Coventry, Mr. Mr.

Powlc, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Jem Capell, Sir Rob. Harvard, Sir Edrc. Sir John llanmcr, Sir Tho. Meercs, Mr. Serjeant gory, Mr. Hide, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Trevor, Sir Nick.

Carexc, Sir Tho. Littleton, Lord Sir Tho. Hig-

gins, Sir John Birkenhead, Sir Jos. Trcdcnham, Sir Temple, Sir John Bramston, Sir Winston Churchill, Colonel Birch, Serjeant Mainard, Sir Gilbert; or any

Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Breach of the Peace happening in the House, be- Quarrel tween Sir Jonathan Trelaroney and Air. Ash; between

Ordered, That Sir JonathanTrelawney and Mr. Ash be

secured by the Serjeant at Arms, until the Matter be examined and determined by the House.

And the Matter being examined, and debated in the House;

The Question being propounded, That Sir Jonathan Trelawney be expelled the House;

The Question being put, That this Question be now-put;

Members.

Jovis, 21* die Novembris, 1678. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Bedloe is not satisfied, that his Pardon is full enough;

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed, to examine Mr. Bedloc's Pardon, and to report their Opinions

to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Williams, Sir Tho. Clergcs, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. SachavtTell, Colonel Sir

Trevor Williams, Mr. Porcle; or any Three of them: And they are to repair to Mr. Attorney General, and peruse the Pardon.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Balduyn and Sir Wm.Fevcrshani;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament; with some Amendments, and a Proviso. To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the eaid Amendments and Proviso:

Which were twice read to the House.

The First Amendment, being read a Third time, was, Upon the Question, agreed to.

The Second and Third Amendments, relating to the Servants of the Queen and Duchess of Yorke, being read a third time:

And the Question being severally put, For agreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

The Proviso being read a Third time;

The Question being put, For agreeing with the Lords in the said Proviso;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellere,[^?’JonathanTrelmeney\ Yeas>

rp , fMr. Sachaverell, 1 r Xt

Tel'ere,lMr. Barnet, } for the Noes, 156.

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c.. That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference to be had . V01. IX.

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

TpIW fMr-

’ [Colonel Strode,

Tellers JColonel Birch> ’[Sir Capell

j. for the Noes, j- for the Yeas,

110.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That Sir Jonathan Trelawney be sent to One sent to the Tower, there to remain during this Session of Par- the Tower; liament.

Resolved, See. That Mr. Ash be called in to his Place, the other and reproved by Mr. Speaker; and injoined, not to pnv- reproved, secute this Quarrel, either by himself, or his Friends.

And Mr. Ash being called in, Mr. Speaker gave him a Reproof in his Place: And he passed his Promise, not to prosecute this Quarrel, either by himself, or his Friends.

Resolved, See. That Mr. Speaker be desired to require a Promise from Sir Jonathan Trelawney, not to prosecute this Quarrel any further, either by himself, or his Friends; and to report the same to the House.

Resolved, Scc. That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- The King’* ing at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration his Ma- $Pcech to 1)6 jesty’s last Speech, made to both Houses of Parliament. consl ere

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 22* die Novembris, 1678.

Praters.

/~i RD ERED, That the Secretary of the Admiralty List of the L- do bring in a List of the Ships that are now abroad. Navy, and by whom commanded, and how long they have been in such Commands; and also a List of the Names of the Commanders of such Ships as are in Harbour, who receive Pay, and who commands the Guard-ship at Chatham, on Tuesday next.

A Petition of Thomas Rogers and James Siddall, now Privilege-in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, Persons di*-for a Breach of Privilege, committed against my Lord c*iai4ec*-Scudamore, a Member of this House; whereby they ac-know ledge their Offence, and beg Pardon of the House, and desire they may be discharged fron their Commitment; was read.

22° Novemb.

544

A. 1678.

Resolved, kc. That the said Thomas Rogers and James Siddall be called in to the Bar, arid discharged, paying their Fees.

And the said Thomas Rogers and Sadies Siddall, being called in to the Bar of the House, and kneeling, Mr. Speaker, after a Short Reprimand, acquainted them> That they were discharged, paying their Fees.

Addrs Mr. Powle reports from the Committee appointed to

rawing the draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, for

11 lUa* raising of the Militia, An Address agreed upon by the

Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth:

May it please Your Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most Loyal and Dutiful Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, taking into Consideration the imminent Dangers arising to Your Majesty and the whole Kingdom, from Popish Practices and Conspiracies; and conceiving that nothing can so well resist their Attempts, as some Part of the Militia, the settled legal Forces of this Kingdom, actually in Anns (on whom Your Majesty may rely with the greatest Confidence and Security): We do therefore humbly desire Your Majesty to command Your Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties of this Kingdom, to give Order to all their Trained Bands to be in a . Readiness; and to draw together One Third Part of their respective Militia; and to continue them in a Body for Fourteen Days; and after they arc dismissed, to draw up another Third Part for the same time: Mid to require them to be very vigilant in the Seizing all suspicious Persons, especially such as travel with Arms, or at unseasonable Times, or in unusual Numbers. And we likewise humbly desire Your Majesty to command the Sheriffs of the respective Counties of this Kingdom to be ready with their Posse to suppress any Insur-

rection or Disturbance of the Peace, that may happen within the Precincts of their several Jurisdictions.

Lords Resolved, kc. That the Concurrence of the Lords be

AwiredT*nCe desired to this Address: And that Mr. Poule do go up to *SiR ' the Lords to desire their Concurrence; and do at the same time put the Lords in mind of the Address, sent from this House, to be presented to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty, that Mr. Colemans, Letter of the Nine-and-twentieth of September 1675, to Monsieur;

and another Letter to Monsieur Le Cheze, owning the Sending of the same; and Monsieur s Answer to Mr. Coleman, acknowledging the Receipt thereof; may be printed and published.

Btdlow’s Mr. Powle reports, That the Committee appointed had Pardon. perused and considered of Mr. Bedlow's Pardon; and did conceive, that the same may not be full enough in some Particulars: Which he reported to the House.

Resolved, kc. That an humble Representation be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, That, upon Perusal of Mr. Bedlozth Pardon, the same is found not to be full enough; and therefore humbly to desire his Majesty to give Orders, That the same may be made sufficient; and that the Particulars which were reported from the Committee, be delivered to the Members of this House that are of his Majesty’s Privy Council.

Danger from Resolved, That the House do now resolve itself into a Popery. Committee of the whole House, to consider of Remedies to secure the Protestant Religion against the Danger of Popery; and to present their Opinions for the Making of any new Law, or for the Repeal of any Law now in Force.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Williams took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Williams reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had taken the Matter

to them referred into Consideration; and had agreed upon several Votes, as Heads for a Bill or Bills to be brought in upon: Which Votes he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

And humbly moved from the said Committee, That the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, further to consider of Remedies to secure the Protestant Religion against the Danger of Popery.

The Votes, being twice read at the Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed; and are as followeth:

Resolved, kc. That a Bill be prepared, for the more easy and speedy Discovery and Conviction of Popish Priests.

Resolved, kc. That a Bill be prepared for the more effectual Conviction of Popish Recusants.

Resolved, kc. That a List of all Popish Recusants and suspected Papists be returned by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, for their respective Counties and Places, to be inserted in the said Bill: And that Time be limited for taking the Oaths and Test mentioned in an Act, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preserving the.

King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament, by such Popish Recusants, or suspected Papists; and such Persons, not taking the same, to be taken for Popish Recusants convict.

Resolved, kc. That refusing the said Oaths and Test, or being at Mass, shall be a sufficient Conviction of a Popish Recusant

Resolved, kc. That Four Parts in Five of the Estates of Popish Recusants shall be forfeited, who shall not be returned in the said List; and shall not register themselves Papists within some limited time.

Resolved, That some Part of the Penalty shall be employed for Purchasing of Impropriations for the Benefit of the Church.

That some Part of the said Penalty shall be employed towards the Augmentation of poor Vicarages and Parsonages:

O

That some Part of the said Penalty shall go to the Informer.

Resolved, That there be a Clause or Clauses prepared, for discovering and avoiding fraudulent Deeds, Settlements, and Conveyances, made or to be made by Popish Recusants.

Resolved, That there be a Clause or Clauses prepared, for the Education of the Children of Popish Recusants in the Protestant Religion.

A Motion being made in the House, That to be seen at Mass at the Chapel of an Ambassador, may be a further Penalty;

Resolved, That being seen at Mass at the Chapel of any Ambassador, shall be a further Penalty.

Resolved, kc. That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Votes.

And it is referred to Mr. Williams, Serjeant Sir Jos.Trcdenham, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir Sir

Tho. Meercs, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir John Knight, Sir

Trevor, Mr. Finch, Sir Edw.Dcering, Sir Sir

Cha.Harbord, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Pozvle,

Sir Gilbert Gerrord, Mr. Spry, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in a Bill or Bills accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Address ftr Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Papers Majesty’s Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, that such ^p"*t Letters and Papers which relate to the Plot now under w Examination, as have not been perused by this House, may be communicated to them.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Foreign Am-of the Access and Reception of Foreign Ambassadors. baewdor*.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Cotterell, Mr. Montagu,

Sir Tho. Higgins, Sir Gilbert Talbot, Sir Rob. Hozvard, Sir John Waerden, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Progers, Mr. Secret&ryGovevtry, Sir John Trevor, Sir Coventry,

Sir Tho. Metres, Mr. Hide, Sir John Birkenhead, Colonel Birch, Sir George Downing, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr.

Godolphin, Mr. fhyn, Mr. Savi/le; or any Five of them.

Resolved,

30 Car. II.

2 2° — a j*

Novembris.

545

Danger from fopery.

Militias

State of the Army.

Conference on Address for raising the Militia.

Answer to Addresses.

jics

tie?k

W

]0fi

Resolved,&c. That this House will again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, further to consider of Remedies to secure the Protestant Religion against the Danger of Popery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 28* die Novembris, 1678.

Prayers.

AB ILL for raising the Militia of England was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, on Monday Morning, take into Consideration the State of the Nation, in relation to the Army.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn and Sir Samuel Clerke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, about the Address, sent from this House, concerning the Raising of the Militia.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers been called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Members, who drew up the Address, do attend and manage the Conference.

Mr. Powlc reports from the Conference, That my

Lord Privy Seal managed the Conference: And that he acquainted them, That the Lords upon Perusal of the Address, appointed a Committee to consider of the Laws relating to the Militia: Who reported, That, upon Inspection of the Statutes they found, That, without further Authority, the Militia cannot be kept up above Twelve Days in One Year, and thereof Four Days to be for principal Musters, and Two, and Two, and Two, and Two; viz. Eight Days, for particular Musters; And that, of these Twelve Days, in many Counties the Lieutenants have already mustered their Men some of those Days, in this present Year: Not but that, by his Majesty’s Direction (as appears by the Statute), they may be kept up longer: But their Lordships do not find, that there is any Power to raise Money to pay them.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That his Majesty had been attended with the Address of this House, concerning Mr. Bedlows Pardon: And that his Majesty had signed the Warrant formending the same: And that his Majesty had likewise been attended with the Address of this House, to desire his Majesty, That such Papers, relating to the Plot, as had not been perused by this House, may be communicated to this House: And that his Majesty had granted the same; and had given Order to my Lord Chancellor to call for the Papers back from the Lords, so soon as they had perused them.

And further acquainted the House, That his Majesty was pleased to return Answer, in Writing, to the Address of this House, concerning Mr. Secretary Williamson: Which was delivered to Mr. Speaker; and by him read to the House: And is as followeth; viz.

HIS Majesty, having received an Address the Nineteenth Instant, from this House, is pleased to return this Answer:

Vol. IX.

That He released Mr. Secretary several

Hours before your Address came; as He told you in the Banqueting House, he would do.

As to the Reasons of granting those Commissions, His Majesty acquainted you at large with them, in his Speech, when you last attended Him; But, in Answer to youi present Address, His Majesty promiseth to recall all Commissions whatsoever, given to Papists, or reputed Papists, either in England or Ireland, immediately: And for His remoter Dominions, they shall be likewise recalled, with all the Expedition the Safety of those Places will permit.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Thursday next, Answer take into Consideration his Majesty’s Answ er to the Address of this House, concerning Air. Secretary Williamson, wuiianison.

Sir Edward Deering reports from the Committee ap- I'.eav , pointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference "» ,

to be had with the Lords, Why this House does not agree; ! with the Lords in the Second and Third Amendments ,i'Sl, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the l n. more effectual Preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament, Reasons agreed upon by the Committee:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question agreed; and are as follow eth; viz.

That both Houses having declared by their Vote,

That the King’s Person is in Danger at this time from Popish Conspiracies, it would not only be most dangerous to his Majesty’s Person, but inconsistent with such a Declaration, to admit any Popish Recusants to have a Residence in his Palace, and such familiar Access unto his Majesty's Presence.

That all Popish Recusants being, by his Majesty's Proclamation, issued at the Desire of both Houses, required to depart Ten Miles from the Cities of London and Westminster, we cannot think it adviseable to admit them now to continue and settle in his Majesty's Houses, where they may be much more dangerous than in any other Place.

That, the Design of this Act being for a further Security against all Popish Recusants, the Commons cannot think it reasonable to allow any of them Liberty, contrary to the Laws already in being: Your Lordships Amendments, by general Words, excepting such a Number of the Queen’s and Royal Highnesses Servants out of the Act; it will follow, That, if any Peer of this Kingdom, or Member of the House of Commons, be so nominated by them, they will thereby be still capable of sitting in the House of Peers, or House of Commons, without taking the Oaths or Test.

Resolved, &c. That a Conference be desired with the Confcrenct Lords, upon the Amendments made by the Lords to the desired w*d» Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preserving Lords‘ the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament: And that Sir Edmund Jeningsdo desire the Conference.

Resolved, Sec. That the Knights of the Shire do, on List* of Tuesday next come Sevennight, bring in a List of all Papists. Persons of Note, being Popish Recusants, or so reputed, resident, or having a considerable Estate, within their respective Counties: And that the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, who serve for each County, do meet together; and agree, and prepare such Lists; and sign the same.

Resolved, See.That the House be called over on Call ofth. Monday next come Sevennight: And that no Member do depart the Service of the House, without Leave First asked and obtained, after Ten of the Clock.

Sir Edmund Jennings acquaints the House, That the Lords have agreed to a present Conference in the Painted

Chamber. ..

Resolved, Scc. That the Members, w ho did prepare the

Reasons, do attend, and manage the Conference.

546

23° — 250 Novembris. 1678.

And they did accordingly attend the Conference; and delivered their Reasons: And left the Bill with the Lords.

t’enons to A Message from the Lords, by Sir Sam. CtcrJce and

St,'*'"' Sir John Ho,kins-.

Justice. Air. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to at-

tend you with a Bill, intituled, An Act requiring the Persons therein named to render themselves to Justice; and, in default thereof, to attaint them of High Treason: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

ing, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, D.incPtr further to consider of Remedies to secure the Protestant Religion against the Danger of Popery.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Lump,25° die Novembris, lG78.

Prayers.

Absent ' Resolved', Whereas the House of Commons taking

Members Notice of the absence of several of their Members, That

summoue Letters be sent to the Sheriff of each County to summon the Knights of the Shire, who do serve for their respective Counties, to give their Attendance on the Service of the House; as likewise, to send to the several and respective Cities and Boroughs within their Counties, to summon the Members, who do represent their Corporations, to give their Attendance on the Service of the House.

Persons to An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An re(lu‘r‘n§ the Persons therein named, to render Justice.0 themselves to Justice; and, in Default thereof, to attaint them of High Treason; was read the First time. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Conference A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clerke and on Bill Sir John Hoskins;

Papists!®’ Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

o , n. 7

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference.

Resolved, That the Persons, who did manage the last Conference, do attend this Conference.

Sir Edward Decring reports, that the Persons appointed

had attended the Conference: Which was managed by my Lord Chancellor: Who acquainted them, that the Lords had considered of the Reasons offered at the last Conference; and that they carried great weight with them: And that the Lords did propose an Expedient, which was, for striking the Queen wholly out of the Bill, and so leave her Servants liable to the Law in general; in which they hoped this House would concur: But if this House Should not think ... to concur with the Lords in this Expedient, that then their Lordships would take the Amendments and Reasons into further Consideration.

That my Lord Privy Seal told them, There were Precedents in the Case; but did not name any.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said Expedient.

Resolved, That the Persons who did attend the Conference, do prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference, Why this House cannot agree to the Expedient proposed by the Lords.

Petition A Petition, on the behalf of Sir JVm. Temple Baronet,

sioned*re^ was presented to be read.

jected. But it appealing upon the Debate of the House, That

the said Petition was not signed by Sir Temple, nor any Persons on behalf of the Borough of Northampton;

The Question being put, Whether the said Petition Should be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Murder* and Resolved, 8cc. That the Committee appointed to exa-Assaults. mine concerning the murder of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey, do examine concerning the frequent Murders and Assaults which have been lately committed; and to consider of Remedies to prevent the like; and to report their Opinions to the House.

Resolved, 8cc.That this House will, on Tuesday Morn-

r"PHE House being informed, that Mr. Tray, Mr.

X Fou-le, and Mr. Godfrey, were, in pursuance of eXan-f*d.

an Order of the House, of the Twentieth of this Instant November, attending in the Lobby;

Ordered, That Mr. Tray, Mr. Fou-le, and Mr. Godfrey, be severally called in; and examined at the Bar of this House.

And they having been severally called in; and examined at the Bar;

Ordered, That the said Mr Tray, Mr. and Mr. Godfrey, be discharged from any further Attendance,

A Bill for raising the Militia was read the Second time. Militia.

A Message from the King, by Sir Carteret, Usher Message to of the Black Rod; "Ueilli

Mr. Speaker, !ly*

The King commands this honourable House to attend him immediately in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned; Mr. Speaker reports, That The King’* he had attended his Majesty in the House of Lords, where his Majesty was pleased to make a Speech to both Houses of Parliament: And that his Majesty the Army, making Use of his Paper in the Delivery thereoi; to the end he might not misreport it, he had obtained a Copy: Which was read to the House; and is as follow eth;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I TOLD you in the Beginning of this Session how much I had been obliged to keep up my Forces in Flanders; that without it our Neighbours had absolutely despaired; and by this Means whatever had been saved of Flanders is acknowledged to be wholly due to my Interposition: And I shewed you withal, That I had been forced to employ That Money, which had been raised for disbanding those Troops, in the Continuance of them together; and not only so, but that I had been much more out of Purse for that Service; a Service by which the Honour and Interest of the Nation had been so far improved, that, as I am confident, no Man would repine at it, so I did not doubt, but you would all be w illing to supply it.

I have nowr undergone this Expence so long, that I find it absolutely impossible to support the Charge any longer; and did therefore think of putting an End to that Charge, by recalling my Troops with all possible Speed, who are already exposed to the utmost Extremities of Want and Misery, being without any Prospect of further Pay or Subsistence: But whilst I was about to do this, I have been importuned by the Spanish Ministers to continue them a little longer, until the Ratifications of the Peace be exchanged: Without which, all that hath hitherto been done, they say, will be utterly lost; and that which hath hitherto been saved of Flanders, will inevitably fall into the hands of their Enemies.

.And now, between their Importunity to keep up these Troops, and my own Inability to pay them any longer, I find Myself in great Dilliculties, What to resolve.

If you do not think, that the publick Safety my require their Continuance, I do wish, as heartily as any man.

That for the publick Ease they maybe speedily disbanded and paid off.

I have thought fit thus to lay the Matter before you:

And, having acquitted Myself to all the World, by asking

your

547

30 Car. II. 25* — 2

Militia*

Privilege. — A Member made Shejiff.

Reasons against Lords Amendments lo Bill disabling Papists*

Conference

desired.

State of the Army*

youf Advice and Assistance, I desire it may be speedy, and without any manner ol' Delay. —

Resolved, That the Bill for raising the Militia be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Sir Roger,

a Member of this House, is made High Sheriff for the County of Lancaster;

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to consider of proper Ways for superseding the Commission for making Sir Roger Bradshaxc High Sheriff for the County of Lancaster.

And it is referred to Mr. Sachavere/l, Sir Coventry, Sir 7 ho. Lee, Sir John Hot ham, Sir Col.

Birch, Sir Tho. Stringer, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Williams, Mr. Waller, Mr. Buscawen, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Ehccs, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Otway, Mr. or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to report their Opinions herein to the House: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edxcard Deering reports from the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the Expedient by them proposed at the last Conference, That the Committee had agreed upon Reasons: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed; and are as followeth:

That it is contrary to the constant Method and Proceedings in Parliament, to strike out any thing in a Bill which hath been fully agreed and passed by both Houses; and it would make the Work endless, and might be of dangerous Consequence, if that Method Should be diverted and changed. In the Amendment proposed to the Bill by your Lordships, to which the Commons have disagreed, the Number of the Queen's ..... to be excepted out of the Act, was limited: But, by leaving the Queen's Name out of the Bill, she may have them without Number. So that what is now offered, is worse than what the Commons have already disagreed; and, consequently bath not the Nature of an Expedient.

That, by Experience, it is found, That the Act, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers, which may happen from Popish Recusants, proved ineffectual to remove Papists from Court, by reason there was no express Mention of the Queen’s Servants.

The Scope of the Bill relateth not only to removing Papists out of both Houses of Parliament, but also from the Court, as appeareth both by the Preamble and Body of the Bill: And the Danger of his Majesty may reasonably be supposed to be chiefly in his Court: And the Safety of his Person, the Commons think, ought more to be considered than any Respects to any Person whatsoever.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference: And that Mr. Booth do go up to the Lords, to desire the Conference.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the State of the Nation, in relation to the Army, which was appointed for this Day, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of -the Clock.

- Vol. IX,

Mart is, 26° die Novembris, 167S.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia w'as read a Militia* Third time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for preserving the Peace of the Kingdom, by raising the Militia, and continuing them in Duty for-Two-and-forty Days: And that Air. Booth do go up to the Lords, to desire their Concurrence to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Air. Bedloc be forthwith sent for, to at- Address contend at the Bar of this House. f<r,‘n ,g B,ed’

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be made to loe ar °n* his Majesty, by such Alembers of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, That Air. Bedloe's Pardon may extend and relate to this Day

inclusive.

Air. Booth acquaints the House, That the Lords had Conference agreed to a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, w‘th Loid*-upon the Subject Alatter of the last Conference.

Resolved, &c. That the Persons who did manage the former Conference, do attend, and manage this Conference.

Which they accordingly did; and delivered their Reasons: And left the Bill with the Lords.

Air. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That he Answer to had attended his Majesty with the Address of this House Address, concerning Air. Bedlmvs Pardon: And that his Majesty was pleased to return Answer, That he would take time to consider; and return an Answer.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the State of the State of the Nation, in relation to the Army, which was appointed for Array, this Day, be adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Ten of the Clock.

f ’

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

ESOLVED, That Candles be brought in.

Caiutle*.

Air. Secretary Coventry delivered in his Majesty's An- Further swer to the Address of this House, concerning Mr. Bed- ^'ess loes Pardon: Which was by Air. Speaker read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

HIS Majesty having received the Address from the House of Commons, desiring His Majesty, That Air.

Bed/ou's Pardon may extend to this Day inclusive: His Majesty is pleased, that this Answer be returned: That Air. Bed/oxvsPardon, to the First of November, is as

full to all Offences as can be desired: If any Offence hath been committed since that Time, His Majesty ought to know it, before he pardon it: For a Pardon for an Offence to come (as a Pardon for a whole Day inclusively amounts to, when it is granted before the Day is expired) will not be good in Law.

Given at Our Court at Whitehall, this Six-and-twen-tieth Day of November, 1678.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Andrew Hacket conferenc and Sir Wm. Btversham; on Bill for

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference disabling with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the PaP;£ts* Subject Alatter of the last Conference.

The Alessengers being withdrawn;

Resolved,

54*

a6° — 27° Novembris.

A. 1678.

Resolved,' That this House doth agree to meet the pleased to grant Mr. his Pardon for Misprision

Lords at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, of Treason, to the Time of such Discovery, that he may The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints not lie under any Difficulty or Danger in discovering the them, That this House had agreed to meet the Lords at a Matter.

present Conference. R', That this Address be presented to his Majesty

Resolved, That the Persons who did manage the former by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's Conference, do attend and manage this Conference. Privy Council.

Sir j Edward Deering reports from the Conference had Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That lie An«wr to

with the Lords, That my Lord Chancellor managed it: had attended his Majesty with the Address concerning Mr,.

And that he acquainted them, that the Lords had con- Bcdlozv: And that his Majesty was pleased to say, He sidered of the Reasons that were offered at the last Con- would think of it; and send an Answer, ference; and proposed a further Expedient, in which they

hoped this House would concur. Sir Deering reports from the Committee ap- ^eafons

That the Lords did insist upon the Amendment by them pointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference Amewte* made, which did relate to the Queen’s Portugal Servants: to be had with the Lords, Reasons agreed upon by the to UiU It"1* That the Lords did wave that Part of their Amendments Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards aMing p*.

h*

which did relate to the Excepting of a certain Number of Men Servants to the Queen and Duchess; and did Now only except a small Number of Women Servants to the Queen and Duchess: And that the Reason for it was, that it could not reasonably be supposed, that they were Persons from whom any Assaseination might proceed.

The First Amendment, which did relate to the Queen’s Portugal Servants, was twice read.

A Motion being made, that these Words, " Not ex-

delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they l,lsts* w ere twice read, and, upon the Question, agreed; and are as followeth:

To the First Amendment;

That as their Lordships have proposed their Addition, the Number of her Majesty’s Portugal Servants being unlimited, it might be increased to a Degree that might be very inconvenient.

As to that Part of the Second Amendment, which

I"

iif

Fnl

h

b

ceeding Nine in Number at any one Time," may be added relateth to her Royal Highness; to the said Amendment: The Commons conceive it to be an

I*

Lk

Innovation in the

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords Law, to allow any Person, except the Queen, any Family

in the said Amendment, with the Addition of these Words, " Not exceeding Nine in Number at any one Time." The Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers ^Sir Winston Churchill, j f } y

I ellers, J()hn Hanmer/ lor Uie 1

eas, 71.

Tellers f^lr ^r' Drake, 1 ellers, |Mr

| for the Noes, 81.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The First Part of the Second Amendment, which does relate to the Women Servants of the Queen, w'as twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

The last Part of the said Amendment, wrhich does relate to the Women Servants of the Duchess of York, was twice read.

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in that Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TpIWs /CaPta*n Howard, \ f , y f

1 ellers>(Mr. Windham, J for Yeas’ °5'

Tellers /Sir John M°reton, i , N

I ellers, Arthur Harris,) for 1 w ’

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the Persons who did manage the Conference, do prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree with the Lords in the said last Part of the Second Amendment.

87.

of her ow n, separate and distinct, while under Coverture.

Resolved, That Mr. Spencer do go up to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Mr. Spencer acquaints the House, that the Lords had agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Persons who did prepare the Reasons, do attend, and manage the Conference.

Which they accordingly did; and delivered their Reasons: And left the Rill with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Militia, quaint you, That they have agreed to the Rill for preserving the Peace of the Kingdom, by raising the Militia, and continuing them in Duty for Two-and-forty Days, without any Alteration.

They have, likewise, commanded us to acquaint you, Lords agr* That they have agreed to what was delivered by the Com- to <ih-mons at the last Conference, upon the Rill concerning Papists not sitting in Parliament: And that they have appointed the Lords of the White Staff to acquaint his Majesty, That the said Two Rills are ready for his Royal Assent, and require Expedition.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the State of tk State of the Nation, in relation to the Army. Kliiiior*

Resolved, See. Nemineeontradieente, That it is necessary ^1

for the Safety of his Majesty’s Person, and preserving ing in the Peace of the Government, That all the Forces which

to

Pn

irl

Ilk

ability Papists.

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Address for further Pardon to Bed-low.

have been raised since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow and all others, that since that Time have been brought At r'"u "r‘'" over from beyond the Seas from Foreign Service, be forth-

with disbanded.

Resolved, That it is the humble Opinion and Desire of this House, That the Forces which are now in Flanders, may be immediately called over, in order to their disbanding.

Resolved, That the last Vote be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Ma-

Mercurii, 27* die Novembris, 1678.

Praters.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Bedlozo has

something of Moment to impart; and that he de- jestys Privy Council, sires he may have a Pardon for Misprision of Treason; Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow’ Morning Resolved, See. Whereas this House has received Infor- at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of mation, That Mr. Bedloe has something of Moment to the whole House, to consider of the Manner for disbanding impart, relating to the Preservation of his Majesty's Per- the Army, son, and securing the Peace and Safety of the Government; and conceiving himself to lie under Danger in And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

concealing the same: That therefore this House does Morning,

most humbly beseech his Majesty; that he will be graciously

18

Eight of the Clock.

Answer to Addresses,

Eedlow to attend. '

Popish

ktcusanty.

Dtrawich

fclecUon.

Popish

Recusants.

Proceedings rrUting to the Plat.

30 Car. II.

28° Nove

549

Jovis, 28° die A ovcmbris, lG?8. Prayers.

MR. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That lie had attended his Majesty with the Address relating to Mr. Bedlow's Pardon for Misprision of Treason: And that his Majesty was pleased to return this Answer: That Mr. Bedlow Should have his Pardon according to the Address: And likewise, with the Address for disbanding the Army: Which being a Matter of great Moment, he would consult and advise with his House of Lords before he would give an Answer.

Ordered, That Mr. Bedlow be forthwith sent for, to attend at the Bar of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William and Sir Samuel Clerk;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery, and speedy Conviction of Popish Recusants; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Petition of several Freemen of complain-

ing of an undue Return of Thomas Allen Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the said Borough, was read.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Resolved, &c. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, That this House w ill sit this Afternoon, upon Matters that relate to the Preservation of his Majesty's Person and Government; and to desire their Lordships to do the like.

Ordered, That my Lord Cavendish, Lord Russell, Sir Wm. Portman, and Mr. Montagu, do go up to the Lords with the said Message.

Ordered, That Mr. Bedloe be sent for in to the Bar of the House, to own the Paper of Information under his Hand delivered to the House.

And Mr. Bedloe, being called in, did own the said Paper.

Mr. Speaker read the same Information of Mr. Bedloe to the House: And the same was afterwards sealed up.

Ordered, That Mr. Oates be sent for in to the Bar of the House.

Mr. Oates, being called in to the Bar, gave his Information to the House; and withdrew.

The Lord Cavendish acquaints the House, That he had attended the Lords with the Message of this House; and that their Lordships returned Answer, That they w ould sit this Afternoon, according to the Desire of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Oates be called in again: And that Mr. Speaker do ask him such Questions as he shall think fit.

And Mr. Oates having been called in, and examined; and being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the Lord Herbert, Mr. Mr.

Graham, Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Thomas Woodcock, and Sir Thomas Allen, have Leave to go out of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery and speedy Conviction of Popish Recusants, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill or Bills for the more easy and speedy Discovery and Conviction of Popish Priests, and the more effectual Conviction of Popish Recusants, do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed, to prepare the said Bills.

Ordered, That the Door of the House be locked.

Ordered, That Mr. Bedlow be called, and examined, to the Christian Names of the Persons mentioned in the Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act requiring the Persons therein named to render themselves to Justice; and, in Default thereof, to attaint them of High Treason.

Mr. Bedlow being called in, informed the House, That

he knew not the Christian Name of Symonds; and that Le Phaircs Name was Carolo; and that Pritchard was called by the Name of David Pritchard, alias Charles Davies.

Mr. Bedloe delivered in a further Information in Writing.

Ordered, That Mr. Bedloe do take his Information, and write a fair Copy; and deliver the same in to the House.

The House having received an Information concerning one Douglas an Ensign;

Ordered, That Sir Gervas Elxces have Leave to go into the Hall, to inquire after the Person that gave the Information against Ensign Douglas.

Information being given to the House, That some Members were above in the Speaker’s Chamber, making Copies of Mr. Bedlow's Information;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go up to the Speaker’s Chamber; and give the House an Account of the Members that are taking Copies of Mr. Bedloe's> Information.

The Serjeant acquaints the House, That he knows not the Members Names; but he shews the House the Persons, and delivered the Copies to Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do tear the said Copies.

Ordered, That Mr. Oates be sent for to attend at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Coventry have Leave to go out, and no Member else, without Leave of the House.

Ordered, That the Information given in by Mr. Fleet -wood against Ensign Douglas be entered in the Journals: Which is as follows; *

Vol. IX.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address Majesty, to desire his Majesty, That Mr. Oates may lie q""’"8 under no manner of Restraint whatsoever; and that he "ies’ maybe allowed his own Servants to attend him, and the Liberty of providing his own Necessaries: And that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Order, That he may have a present Sum of Money in Hand, and a competent weekly Allowance for his Maintenance; and that his Friends and Relations may have free Access to him: And that his Majesty would be further graciously pleased, that Mr. Oates' Pardon may extend and relate to this Day, for Misprision of Treason.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do present the said Address to his Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address for Majesty, to desire his Majesty, That the Queen, and all removing th* her Family, and all Papists, and reputed or suspected Queen>&c* Papists, be forthwith removed-from his Majesty’s Court at Whitehall.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to w ithdraw immediately, and prepare and draw up the said Address.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Howard, Sir Tho.

Meercs, Mr. Sachaverell, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Coventry, Mr. Hamden, Sir John Trevor, Sir Tho. Clcrges,

Sir Robert Sawyer, Colonel Titus, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Colonel Birch, Mr. Powle, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Williams,

Sir Richard Temple-, or any Three of them.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Conference upon Matters relating to the Preservation of his Majesty’s desired wilU Person, and Safety of the Government: And that Mr. kords.

Thyn do go up to the Lords, to desire the Conference.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee appointed Address for to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, removing th* That the Queen, and all her Family, and all Papists, may Queen-be removed from his Majesty's Court at An

Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as follow eth:

WE Your Majesty’s most Loyal and Dutiful Subjects, the and Commons in Parliament assembled, having received Informations by several Witnesses, of a most desperate and traiterous Design and Conspiracy against the Life of Your most Sacred Majesty; wherein, to their great Astonishment, the Queen is particularly charged and accused; in Dis-

6 Z charge

Conference.

Address on apprehend*

ing Papists.

Disbanding the Army.

Answer to Address.

Disbanding , the Army.

lords desire a Paper to be communicated.

Paper respecting the Plot.

550 28® — 29° Nov. A. 1678.

charge of our Allegiance, and out of our Affections and Care for the Preservation of Your Majesty's Sacred Person, and consequently of the whole Kingdom, do-most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that the Queen, and all her Family, and all Papists, and reputed or Suspected Papists, be forthwith removed from your Majesty’s Court at Whitehall.

Mr. Thyn acquaints the House, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Persons who did prepare and draw up the Address, do attend and manage the Conference.

Sir John Trevor acquaints the House, That the Members appointed, had attended the Conference with the Lords; and delivered the Address.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty, That all Papists and suspected Papists, within the several Counties of England, and Wales, and Town of Barw upon Tweed, may be apprehended and secured: And it is referred to Sir John Trevor, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Pawle, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Browne, Sir Trevor William Sir Carew,

Sir Edw. Deering, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Rob.

Sir Tho.Stringer, Mr. Williams, Sir John

Colonel Titus, Serjeant Rigby, or any Three of them; to prepare and draw up the said Address: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Method for disbanding the Army.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 29* die Novembris, 1678.

Praties.

MR. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That his Majesty had been attended with the Address concerning Mr. Oates: And that his Majesty would take Time to consider, and return an Answer.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Manner for disbanding the Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Samuel Clarke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have received Information, That there is a Faculty under the Seal of Cardinal berini, for dispensing with the Taking of Oaths, and other Things, in the Hands of a Member of this House; which their Lordships desire may be communicated to them. The Messengers being withdrawn;

Sir John Knight acquaints the House, That the Paper mentioned by the Lords was found amongst Mr. Ireland's Papers: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Which being read by Mr. Speaker;

Ordered, That the said Paper be sent to the Lords: And that Mr. Speaker do acquaint the Messengers, That when their Lordships have perused the same, this House does expect it Should be returned again, in order to be entered in the Journal of this House.

And the Messengers being called in; the said Paper was delivered to them: Ana Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the Pleasure of the House.

Sir Charles Cotterill acquaints the House, That he had been with the French Ambassador; and that he had obtained a Copy of That Part of the Letter, of which this House Yesterday received Information: Which, being delivered in, and read at the Table, is as followeth:

18

Mons. Valkenier, Resident of Holland at Franckland, writes thus to the States:

November the 11th, 1678.

SOME Days since a Jesuit, coming from Rome, arrived at Basil, with Intent to go for England; who, being in Discourse with certain Merchants there, is reported to have said, That there was something designed in England against the King, whereof, be believed, he Should hear the Effect, before he Should get to his Journey’s End; and, for the going through with the Design, he Should find more than a Thousand Jesuits in England.

During this Discourse, the Post brought News of the Discovery of the Conspiracy; whereupon the Jesuit withdrew, and suffered himself no more to be seen.

Ordered, That this Letter be communicated to the Lords; and that Sir Charles Cotterill do go up with a Message to the Lords for that Purpose.

The House then resolved again into a Committee of Distamiinj the whole House, to consider of the Manner for Dis- tllc banding of the Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee,

That they had taken the Matter to them referred into Consideration; and had agreed upon several Votes:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to; and are as followeth:

Resolved, That the Commissary General of the Musters ’do bring in a List of all the Regiments and Companies that have been raised and come from foreign Parts, since the Nine-and-twentieth of September 1677, and the Time when they entered into Pay.

Resolved, That the Paymaster of the Army do bring in a State and Account, of what Money hath been paid to every Troop and Company of the Forces raised or come from foreign Parts, since the Nine-and-twentieth of September 1677; and what is due and in Arrears to them, from the said Nine-and-twentieth of September .1677, to the First of December next.

Resolved, That the Auditor of the Exchequer do bring in an Account of what Money he hath issued to the Paymaster of the Army, for the Use of the Forces raised or come from foreign Parts, since the Nine-and-tw entieth of September 1677.

Resolved, That the Commissary General of the Musters do bring in a List of all such Forces as are now inr Flanders, which were raised since the Nine-and-twentieth of September 1677; and another List of all such Forces as are now in England, raised since the Nine-and-twentieth of Septeniber 1677; and of such Forces as are

come from foreign Parts since the Nine-and-twentieth of September 1677.

Resolved, That the Paymaster General of the Army do bring in a distinct Account of what Money hath been paid to the Forces now in Flanders, raised since the Nine-and-twrentieth of September 1677.

Resolved, That the Money, to be raised for the Disbanding of the Army, shall be paid into the Chamber of London.

Resolved, That the said Money shall be issued out by Commissioners to be named in the Act.

Resolved, That the said Commissioners shall not exceed the Number of Three.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Instructions for disbanding the Army; as followeth,

Sir John Trevor, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Gilbert Gerrard,

Sir John Hot ham, Sir Lionel Walden, Sir Sir

Thomas Meers, Lord Ailing ton, Mr Mr

Sir Eliah Hatvey, Lord Cavendish, Sir Sir

Anthony Irby, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sit William Hickman, Mr Greenville, Sir Francis Rolls, Sir Robert Howard,

Col. Burch, Mr. Spry, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John

Serjeant Gregory, Sir Charles Wheeler, Colonel Sir

John Berkenhead, Sir Christ. MuMr.

t

30 Car. II. 29® — 30* Novembris — x° — 20 Decembris. 551

Sir Francis Russell, Mr. Stanhep, Sir Richard Sir

Nicholas Carew, Sir Henry G Sir Thomas Lee, Sir

Thomas Hannier, Mr. Hamden, Sir Tho. Clarges; or any

Three of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sahbati, 30* die N, 1678.

RoyalAucnt A MESSAGE from the to Bills.

King, by Sir Edward Tx. Carteret, Usher of the Black Rod;

HIS Majesty, having received an Address from tho House of Commons, dated the Eight-and-twentieth of November last past, hath thought fit to return this Answer;

That his Majesty will give a Pardon to Mr. Oates, for Misprision of Treason, from the Beginning of the World* till the said Eight-and-twentieth of November last past: That he shall have Liberty to walk where he pleaseth in Whitehall and St. James's Park; and enjoy all other Liberties of Writing and Conversing, which he had in'

Th^KingTommands this honourable House to attend Whitehall, beforeAW^y the Four-lnd-twentieth of the

T1. . . TT rr i anin l\I nrt',f>vn ht*

Him, immediately, in the House of Lords.

Members Ukt Oaths.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had attended his Majesty in the House of Lords: Where his Majesty was pleased to give his Royal Assent to the Bill for the more effectual Preserving of the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament: And that his Majesty was pleased to make a Speech to both Houses of Parliament; the Effect whereof Mr. Speaker declared to the House.

Resolved, That the House will now proceed to the Taking of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and making and subscribing the Declaration, according to the Direction of the Act for the more effectual Preserving of the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker having in his Chair taken the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration;

Several of the Members of the House did likewise take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, according to the Direction of the said Act

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Die Dominica, 1* die , 1678.

said November.

He shall have a convenient Allowance for all Things necessary for him. But the Guards his Majesty doth not think fitting to remove, in respect of the Safety of Mr. Oates his Person.

Mr. Oates being called in, delivered in Copies of his Oates* Exa-Examinations taken at the Council Board. mination*.

Ordered, That Copies thereof be made by the Clerk; and delivered to Mr. Oates.

Members Lake Oalhs.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Address on Majesty, containing a Representation of the present Dangers of State and Dangers of the Nation. the Natl0D<

Resolved, That the House will proceed to vote the Heads for the said Address, in the House.

Resolved, That the Misrepresentations of the Proceedings of this House to his Majesty, be One Head for the said Address.

The Question being propounded, That a Representation be therein made to his Majesty, of the Dangers that have and may arise from private Advices, contrary to the Advice of this Parliament;

The Question being put, That this Question be now put;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers JLord Ancram,

ieueis,|Sir John Talbott,

T /Sir Francis Drake,

Tellers, |Mr 1VharUm>

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That a Representation be therein made to his Majesty, of the Dangers that have and may arise from private Advices, contrary to the Advice of his Parliament*

Resolved, That a Representation be therein made to

| for the Noes, 114* for the Yeas, 138.

Prayers.

THE House being set, several of the Members did take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and make and subscribe the Declaration, according to the

Act, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preserving

the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists *!,s Majesty, of the great Danger the Nation lies under

from sitting in either House of Parliament. , °* Popery.

0 ' Resolved, That a Representation be therein made to

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow his Majesty, of the Danger that may arise to his Majesty

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 2’ die Dec, 1678.

Members tike Oaths.

and the Kingdom, by the Non-observance of the Laws that have been made for Preservation of the Peace, and Safety of the King and Kingdom.

And it is referred to Sir John Hotham, Mr.

Colonel Birch, Sir Henry CapSir Thomas Littleton, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir John Knight, Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir JVm. Hickman, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Solicitor* General, Lord Cavendish, Sir Francis Rolles, Mr. 1-den, Jennings, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Edzcard Dcering, Mr. Finch, Mr. Powle, Sir John Mallett,

Oates to attend.

Answer to Address concerning him

Prayers.

THE House being set, several of the Members did take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and make and subscribe the Declaration, according to the Direction of the Act, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preserving of the King’s Person and Govern- Sir Francis Russell, Sir Nich. Carew, Sir Robert Howard, rnent, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House Sir John Talbott, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Thomas of Parliament. Serjeant Gregory, Mr. Szvinfen; or any Three of them:

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock Ordered, That Mr. Oates be forthwith sent for, to in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, to prepare attend at the Bar of this House. the said Address: And are impowered to send for Per-

Mr. Secretary Coventry delivered in a Message from sons, Papers, and Records.

his Majesty, in Answer to the Address of this House, Anr, tll_n t. Hft11co , .

concerning Mr. Oates: Which Mr. Speaker read to the And then the^ House adjourned till Tomorrow

House; and is as followeth;

Vol. IX.

Morning, Eight a Clock.

Disbanding the Army.

Popish Re* eluants.

Message respecting the Militia Bill.

Committee on iVlethods of Passing Bills*

Army

Arrejjr.

552 ' ' 3* — 4*-5°

Martis, 3* dieDecembris, 1678.

Prayers.

COLONEL Burch reports from the Committee appointed to draw up Instructions for disbanding the Forces, That the Committee had agreed upon several Heads: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in the same at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, That it be referred to the said Committee that drew up Instructions for disbanding the Army, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up a Bill according to the said Instructions: And that a Clause be inserted therein, with Penalties, in case they shall not separate and disband by the Day therein to be limited: And a Clause likewise of Indemnity for their continuing since they were to have been disbanded: And that Sir Thomas Clarges, and all the Gentlemen of the Long

Kobe, be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Conviction of Popish Recusants be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii,4* die Decembris, 1678.

Pray ers.

N,1 R. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House. That X he had a Message from his Majesty, in Writing: Which he delivered in to Mr. Speaker: Who read the same to the House; and is as followeth:

IIIS Majesty, to prevent all Misunderstandings that may arise from His not passing the late Bill of the Militia, is pleased to declare, That He will readily assent to any Bill of that kind, which shall be tendered to Him, for the publick Security of the Kingdom by the Militia; so as the whole Power of Calling, Continuing, or not Continuing of them together, d/iring the Time limited, be left to his Majesty, to do therein as He shall find it to be most expedient for the publick Safety.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to inspect Precedents, touching the Methods and Proceedings of Parliament in Passing of Bills; and to inquire, Whether, according to the Methods of Parliament, a Bill may be brought in, for making the Militia more useful; and to report their Opinions to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Markham, Sir Ash, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Mr. Williams, Sir Cl. ir.Musgrave, Mr. Sach Air. Sir

Charles Harbord, Lord A Kington, Sir Hugh Sir

George Downeing, Colonel WSir Henry

Colonel lit us, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir John Sir

Robert Carr, Mr. Love, Sir Edward Dccring, Sir John Afore ton, Mr. Poxcle, Sir Robert Sawyer, Sir Francis Drake, Sir John Ernie, Co\one\ Birch, Sir Charles Wheeler,

Sir John Talbott: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the Paymaster of the Army do give in a particular. Account to the Committee appointed to prepare the Bill for disbanding the Army, tq what Time

Decembris. A. 1678.

every Regiment, Troop, and Company are paid; and w hat is due, and in Arrear to them: And that the Committee do make a Computation of what will be due to the said Forces, on the First Day of- January next.

Mr. Williams reports from the Committee appointed Address for to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, for 6tcurinK the Securing all Papists, or reputed Papists, That the Committee had agreed upon an Address: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was twice read; and, with some Amendments, made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth;

WE Your Majesty's most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects, and the Commons, in Parliament assembled, having sufficient Testimony of the present Dangers threatening Your Majesty’s Sacred Person and Government, from the pernicious Plots and Contrivances of Popish Persons, universally spread over this Your Majesty’s Kingdom, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, lor the Safety of Your own Person, and Security of the publick Peace of Your Kingdom, to command and require Your Majesty’s Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Mayors, and other Magistrates within their several and respective Counties, Cities, and Places in England and Wales, to apprehend, disarm, and secure all Popish Recusants convict, and all reputed Popish Recusants, and all others who shall or may be justly suspected Papists; and them to oblige, in Recognizances, with sufficient Bail, to keep the Peace, and be of good Behaviour; and, in Default thereof, them to imprison; and to return the Names of such Persons, with their Recognizances, to the next General Sessions of the Peace for their respective Limits, to proceed thereupon according to Law.

Resolved, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Address.

Ordered, That the Two Bills against Popery be read P°p«7* Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 5* die Decembris, 1678.

Prayers.

D ESO LVED, That Mr. Williams do go up to the Lords cm-Lords, to desire their Concurrence to the Address Yesterday agreed upon. s

A Bill for preventing the Growth of Popery was read Prerfuting the First time. Popery.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy House re-

and Sir Andrew Hacket; ot'*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to at- 1 ' tend you, to put you in mind of a Bill, sometime since sent to this House, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery and more speedy Conviction of Popish Recusants; it being a Bill which requires Expedition in this Time of Danger.

Resolved, That this House will impeach Henry Lord ImFac1'-Arundcll of Wardour of Treason, and other High Crimes £'c

and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That this House will impeach William Earl of Pmvys of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That this House will impeach John Lord Bellasis of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved,

30 Car. II.

5 — '6* Decembris.

553

Resolved, That this House will impeach William Viscount Stafford of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That this House will impeach William hot A Petre of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Wharton do carry up an Impeachment to the Lords, against Henry Lord of Wardour, to the Effect following;

" My Lords,"

" The Commons of England, assembled in Parliament, having received Information of divers traiterous Practices and Designs of a great Peer of this House, Henry Lord Arundell of Wardour, have commanded me to impeach the said Henry Lord Arundell of Wardour of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors: And Idohere, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons in England, impeach Henry Lord Arundell of WardoUr of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors."

" They have further commanded me to acquaint your Lordships, That they will, within convenient Time, exhibit to your Lordships the Articles of the Charge against him." Ordered, That Mr. Banistre Maynard do carry up an Impeachment to the Lords, against William Earl of to the Effect following;

" My Lords,"

"The Commons of England, assembled in Parliament, having received Information of divers traiterous Practices and Designs of a great Peer of this House, William Earl of Poztys, have commanded me to impeach the said

William Earl of Powys of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of England, impeach William Earl of Pmcys of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors."

" They have further commanded me to acquaint your Lordships, That they will, within convenient Time, exhibit to your Lordships the Articles of the Charge against him.’

Ordered, That Mr. Thynn do carry up an Impeachment to the Lords, against Lord to the

Effect following;

"*My Lords,"

" The Commons of England, assembled in Parliament, having received Information of divers traiterous Practices and Designs of a great Peer of this House, John Lord Bellasis, have commanded me to impeach the said John Lord Bellasis of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of England, impeach the said John Lord Bellasis of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors."

" They have further commanded me to acquaint your . Lordships, That they will, within convenient Time, exhibit to your Lordships the Articles of the Charge against him."

Ordered, That Sir Scroope do carry up an Im-

peachment to the Lords, against William Lord Viscount Stafford, to the Effect following;.

" My Lords."

" The Commons of England, assembled in Parliament, having received Information of divers traiterous Practices and Designs of a great Peer of this House, William Viscount Stafford, have commanded me to impeach the said William Viscount Stafford of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of England, impeach William Viscount Staff ord of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors."

" They have further commanded me to acquaint your Lordships, That they will, within convenient Time, exhibit to your Lordships the Articles of the Charge against him."

Ordered, That Sir Philip Wdru'ick do carry up an Impeachment to the Lords, against William Lord Petre, to the Effect following;

Vol. IX.

" My Lords,"

" The Commons of England, assembled in Parliament, Impeach-having received Information of divers traiterous Practices "ienf rd and Designs of a great Peer of this House, William utor ’ c' Lord Petre, have commanded me to impeach the said William Lord Petre of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of England, impeach William Lord Petre of Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors."

" They have further commanded me to acquaint your Lordships, That they will, within convenient Time, exhibit to your Lordships the Articles of the Charge against him."

Resolved, Whereas the said Peers are already under Commitment, That therefore this House will not desire the Lords, that they may be sequestered irom Parliament, and committed to safe Custody, as is usual in Cases of the like Nature.

Mr. Wharton acquaints the House, That, according to the Direction of the House, he had attended the Lords; and delivered what he had in Charge against Henry Lord Arundell of Wardour.

Mr. Maynard acquaints the House, That, according to the Direction of the House, he had attended the Lords; and delivered what he had in Charge against William Earl of Powys.

Mr. Thynn acquaints the House, That, according to the Direction of the House, he had attended the Lords; and delivered what he had in Charge against John Lord Bellasis:

Sir Scroope Hence acquaints the House, That, according to the Direction of the House, he had attended the Lords; and delivered what he had in Charge against William Viscount Stafford.

Sir Philip Warwick acquaints the House, That, according to the Direction of the House, he had attended the Lords; and delivered what he had in Charge against William Lord Petre.

Resolved, That the Committee formerly appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment against Henry Lord Arundell of ITardour, do prepare and draw up Articles

against the said several Persons impeached by the House:

And that the Informations, given in by Mr. Oates and Mr. Bedlow, be delivered over to them for that Purpose.

And it is particularly recommended to the Care of Mr.

Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Williams, and Mr. Sachat And they are to meet this Atfernoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impow ered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That the Committee appointed to prepare the said Articles of Impeachment, do attend his Majesty; and most humbly beseech his Majesty, that all the Papers and Writings relating to the Plot and Conspiracy, now under Examination, may be delivered to the said Committee.

Resolved, That Sir Trevor William do repair to Mr. Restraint on Oates, and know of him, How far his Majesty’s Com- Mr. Oaies. mands, for taking off the Restraint upon him, are observed.

Resolved, That the Bill to prevent the Growth of Po- Preventing pery, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning. Popery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Decembris, 10? 8.

Prayers.

SI R Trevor Wiliams acquaints the House, That, in Restraint on pursuance of the Order of the House, he went to Mr. Mr. Oates. Oates: Who told him, That he was not permitted to discourse with any Person, but in the Presence of his Guard:

7 A That

Vote respect* ing Restraint on Oates.

Committee of Privileges.

Popish

Recusants*

Lords agree to Address.

Answer to Address.

554

That thereupon he went to Col. Howard, who commands the said Guards; and shewed him his Majesty’s Message to this House concerning Mr. Oates: And that Col. Howard told him, That he bad never been made acqyaint$d with his Majesty’s Pleasure therein: And that Col. Howard did immediately go to his Majesty, to receive his Commands: And that Col. Howard did acquaint hjm, That his Majesty was pleased, that any Member of tie House of Commons, or any Person by Order from the House of Commons from any Committee, or any of the Clerks belonging to the House, might have free Liberty to discourse with him in private; but his Majesty did not think fit that any loose or idle Persons Should admitted to come to him.

Resolved, That, this House being informed That, notwithstanding his Majesty’s gracious Condescension to the Address of this House in relation to Mr. Oates, he hath still been deprived of the Benefit thereof, That it is therefore the humble Desire of this House, That Mr. Oates may be at hill Liberty to converse with all Persons whatsoever in private; and that he may not be interrupted or overheard by the Guards, or any other Person whatsoever; and that all Restraint may be taken off from him, unless the Guard which may attend him, for the Security of his Person only, without his Chamber.

Resolved, That this Vote be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Privy Council.

Resolved, That the Committee of Elections and Privileges do not sit, in order to the Hearing of any Cause upon any Election, until after Christinas.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Popish Recusants, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws against them, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn and Sir Andrew Hackett:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to the last Address sent from this House: And have appointed the Lords of the White Staves to attend his Majesty, to know his Pleasure when both Houses may present the said Address. Which, when they know, they will communicate to this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 7* die De, 1678.

Praters.

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, That he was present, when the Address of this House concerning Mr. Oates was delivered to his Majesty: And that his Majesty was pleased to declare, That He thought He had made that Provision for Mr. Oates, that would rather be an Encouragement to any other Person to come in, than a Discouragement to Mr. Oates: And, that his Majesty was pleased to declare, That Mr. Oates Should have free Liberty to converse with any Person in private; and that the Guards Should be for the Security of his Person only.

That he had likewise acquainted his Majesty (although it was not by Order of the House) of the Entry that was made of his Majesty’s Answer to the Address, concerning the calling over the Forces out of Flanders: And that his Majesty was pleased to declare, Thas He never gave any Order for such Answer: but that his Majesty’s Intention was only in relation to the Forces that were in, Flanders; and that Circumstances, as to those Forces, were altered since that time; and that his Majesty had already given Orders, Five Days since, for calling of themover, in, order to their Disbanding.

A. 167!.

A Bill for more easy and speedy Conviction of popish Pppiah Recusants, and for the more effectual putting in Jtecuwnu. Execution the Laws against them, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Mr. William,

Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Gervas Ehves, Col. Titus, Mr. Finch, Sir GilbertGermed, Sir John HobarSir Trevor,

Mr. Buscqwen, Sir Henry Papell, Sir Robert Sawyer, Mr.

Wright, Sir Edm. Jennings, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Poole, Sir John Hotham, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Joseph Tredenhttm, Mr- Davies, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Spry, Mr. Crouch, Sir Nich. Carew, Col. Birch, Master of the Rolls,

Mr. ^tanhop, Mr. Waller, Sir The. Sir John Holland, Sir John Knight, Sir Charles Harbord, Mr. Powle,

Serjeant Gregory, Mr. PapiUon.

Resolved, That the said Committee dp bring in a Clause, That, if any Popish Recusant convict shall receive any Commission, be shall be deemed a Felon; and shall be pursued, apprehended, and prosecuted, as such.

Resolved, That a Clause be brought in, That all Commissions granted, or to be granted, to Popish Recusants convict, shall be declared void.

Resolved, That a Clause be brought in, That all Foreigners, that shall receive Commissions, or appear in Arms, shall be in the same State and Condition as Popish Recusants convict receiving Commissions, or appearing in arms, as aforesaid.

Resolved, That a Clause be brought in, That such Offenders shall not be pardoned, but by Act of Parliament for that Purpose.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee appointed Armj to take an Account of what has been paid to the Forces Arrcaa that are to be disbanded, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report to be made to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And is as followeth:

Resolved, That it be reported to the House, That, by the Accounts delivered them by Mr. Paymaster

of the Army, it appears, That, upon the First Day of January next, there will be due to the Forces now to be disbanded, whether in England, or beyond the Seas, the Sum of One hundred Forty-eight thousand Six hundred Eighty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Two-pence.

Resolved, That it be reported to the House, That, in this Sum, the Cloaths delivered to the Soldiers (whether Horse or Foot) for Eight Months, will be discounted, and paid for by the Soldier to his Officer who stands engaged for them, so that the Foot Soldier, at the same time of his disbanding, will receive only Six-pence a Day; and the Horse ana Dragoons their several Proportions; the rest being set off, as it hath already been since the First of May last, towards Payment of their Cloaths respectively.

Resolved, That it be reported to the House, That, notwithstanding the Defalcations aforesaid, there will, on the First Day of January next, remain unpaid of the Cloaths One Third Part of the whole Sum, which was to have been defalked from the Soldiers in Twelve Months, had they stood so long; but, being continued only Eight Months, there will be unsatisfied the Sum of Thirty-three thousand Pounds; which the Officers do affirm to this Committee, they stand engaged for.

Resolved, That this House will, on Monday next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House: And that the Report, now made, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And they are to consider of a Way for Raising of Money for disbanding the Army.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn and Sir Andrew Hacket;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded to acquaint you, King ap-That his Majesty has appointed both Houses to attend point* to b« him at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Banquet- attend, ding-house, concerning the last Address.

Resolved, That this House will, on Wednesday Mom-ing next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House,

Popish

or to Succtsi or.

6? — rf Bpcembrif.

j© Car. II. 7° — 9* — 10* Decmbris.

55$

to consider how to preserve the Protestant Religion, and Peace of the Kingdom, in case a, Prince of another

Answer to Address.

Disbanding the Forces.

Conference on disbanding the Forces.

Sis

Disbanding the Forces.

fa;*

pc:^’

a;:#

Dm*?

rast^ jyCC#

Religion Should succeed.

And the House adjourned till Mmday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lima, 9* die Dec, 1678.

Praters.

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, That he attended his Majesty, on Saturday last, in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall: And that after my Lord Chancellor had read the Address to the King, his Majesty was pleased to return Answer, That He would issue out His Proclamation according to the Address.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Way for Raising of Money to disband the Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair —

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Beoersham and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, about Business of Importance.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords, at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to meet the Lords, at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Talbot, Sir Edm. Jenings, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Col. Birch, Mr. SachavereU, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Col.

Titus, Mr. Bowk, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Rich. Temple, do attend, and manage the Conference.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Conference had with the Lords, That my Lord Privy Seal did manage the Conference: And that what was offered at it was as: followeth;

" The Lords have desired this Conference with the House of Commons, to acquaint them, That, being informed thathis Majesty hath sent Orders for withdrawing the Forces out of Flanders in order to their Disbanding, many Difficulties and Dangers do occur to their Lordships, if such Rules and Orders be not established, by Consideration and Advice of both Houses, that the Disbanding may be made with Safety: Which their Lordships conceive cannot be by bringing such a Power together to the Forces already here: And therefore do propose, That the Forces here may not be increased by the Accession of more from abroad; but that a$roportionable Number of those here may be disbanded, before the Regiments from Flanders shall arrive; and that, after

Consideration hereof by the Commons, by joint Advice of both. Houses a Regiment may be made accordingly."

Resolved, That the Consideration of the Report from the Conference , be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. —

The House then again resolved into a Committee of the: whole House, to consider of raising Money to disband the Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had taken the Matter into Consideration; and had agreed upon T#o Votes: Which he read in his Pladey and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed: and are as followeth:

ReSohed, That the Money for paying and disbanding! the Forces shall be raised by a Land 'Due.

Vol.IX.

Resolved, That the Tax shall commence from the Four-and-twentieth of November 'lasts, so bte raised after the Rate of Seventeen thousand Two hundred and Five Pounds Four Shillings and Nine-pence Farthing by the Month, for Twelve Months.

Resolved, That the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill for disbanding the Forces, do bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Votes: And they are to bring in a Clause therein, for borrowing Money upon the Credit of the said Act.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee appointed to draw Impeach-up Articles of Impeachment against the Five Lords, do ‘he

sit de die in diem. ve r

A Petition of Sir Jonathan Trelaw a Member of Petition frota this House, now in Custody in the Prison of the Tower, a ^|*°lber m by virtue of an Order of this House, was read; cu® y‘

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That Sir Jonathan Trelawney had, according to the Order of this House, passed his Promise, not to prosecute the Quarrel any further, by himself, or his Friends.

Resolved, upon reading the Petition of Sir Jonathan Trelawney, a Member of this House committed to the Tower, setting forth. That he being very sickly and infirm in his Health; and that his Indisposition is very much increased by reason of his Confinement; and that he is advised by his Physicians that it isj absolutely necessary for the Recovery of his Health, to have the Liberty of a better Air; and praying, that, in order to his Recovery, he may have his Liberty during the Pleasure of the House; That Mr. Speaker be desired to signify to the Lieutenant of the Tower, That it is the Pleasure of this House, that Sir Jonathan Trelawney shall have Liberty to go into the Country, in order to the Recovering of his Health, giving Security to the said Lieutenant to return again upon the Order of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 10* die Decembris, 1678.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Moontgo-Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a mer7 Writ* new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Mc/untgomery, in the roem of Henry Lord Herbert, called up to the House of Lords.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Popish Act for the better Discovery, and more speedy Con- Recusants-viction, of Popish Recusants, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &e. That the Bill be committed to the Committee to whom the Bill for the mdre easy and speedy Conviction of Popish Recusants, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws against themj is committed.

A Bill for preventing, the Growth of Popery, was read Preventing the Second time Popery.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee: And that Mr. Broume, Mr. Pepis, $ir Cotton, and Sir John Mallet, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee do bring ki a Clause to be added to the said Bill; the better to enable the Universities to recover their Right to the Advowsons of Living} that are in the Hands of the Papists.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Supply Bill; Disbanding the Army.

Leave of Absence.

Call of the House.

Absentees

without

Leave.

Adjourn-

ment.

Committee for Journal.

556

Mercurii, 11* die D 1678.

Praters.

A BILL for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for disbanding the Forces, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Sir Robert Holnies acquaints the House, That the King has commanded him immediately to repair to his Government: And, therefore, desired Leave of the House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Holmes have Leave to go to his Government, according to his Majesty’s Command.

Resolved, That the House be called over on Wednesday next; and that such Members as do not then appear, shall be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms: And that such Members shall not take their Places, until they have' paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charges.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Wharton, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Sir William Coventry, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Mr. Booth, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Sir John Rollcs, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns.

Ordered, That Sir Adam having departed

the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Serjeant Rigby, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns.

Ordered, That Sir Ilairy Goreing, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Sir IVm. Thomas, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Sir John Stapley, having departed the Service of the I louse without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, 'I hat Mr. Onslow, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Sir Wm.Moore, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Mr. Mullock, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Sir Richard having departed

the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Sir Eliah Harvy, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the Members now sent for in Custody, notwithstanding the y shall escape the Arrest, shall not be admitted to take their Places in the House, until they . have paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charges.

Resolved, That the House will adjourn for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day only.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect and peruse the Journals of this House; and see that due Entries be made; and make a Report of the Mistakes and Errors therein every Monday Morning.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Kemp, Sir Drake,

Mr. Spry, Sir John Birkenhead, Mr. Sacfucverell, Mr. Papillon, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir John Pettus, Sir Tho. Meres; or any Three of them.

.1678.

Ordered, That the Orders of the House be drawn up every Day, and read the next Morning, before they be entered in the Journal.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 12* die Decembris, 1678.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Lord Scudamore, and Dr. Absentee* Arris, having departed the Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms: And that they shall not be admitted to take their Places in the House, until they have paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charges.

Ordered, That if the Lord Scudamore and Dr. Arris, shall appear before the Rising of the House, That the Warrant shall be respited.

A Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for dis- Supply Bill; banding the Forces, was read the Second time. disbanding

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the Arm?' of the whole House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Beversham Popish and Sir John Hoskins: Rtcusanti.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords having passed a Bill for the better Discovery, and more easy Conviction, of Popish Recusants, and sent it down to this House some time since; and conceiving it to be a Bill of great Importance; their Lordships have thought fit-to remind the House of it.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Smith have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Eight Days. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir John Otway have Leave to go into the Country. —

Resolved, That Col. Birch, Sir Gilbert G errard, and Disbanding Col. Whitley, shall be Commissioners for paying off and the Forces-disbanding the Forces.

Resolved, That the Blank for Allowance to the Commissioners, their Clerks and Servants, shall be filled up with " One Peirv."

The House then resolved into1- a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to proceed upon the Bill for granting a dl'banilln8 Supply to his Majesty, for paying off and disbanding the the Anny' Forces raised, and called over from beyond the Seas, since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the (’hair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill: And humbly moved from the said Committee, That the House would again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, further to proceed upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, further to proceed upon the Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised, and come over from beyond the Seas, since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 13° die Decembris, 1678.

Pray ers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Pit, Sir John Strode, Col. Absentee* Tytus, and Mr. Fount, having departed the Service without of the House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of Leave> the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And that they shall not be admitted to take their Places until they have paid the Serjeant his Fees ana Charges.

Ordered,

1 jT 120 — 13* Decembris.

30 Car. II. 130 — 14° — 16° Decembris.

557

Leave of Absence.

r. k

it4

;e

r-

Privilege.

L',' I; r-'i

X

ill

:e;

tir

;jj L\

Supply Bill; disbanding the Army.

Trades of

Popish

Recusants.

a "

ie

is

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill; disbanding the Army.

.1*

a;#

u

Ordered, That, if Mr. Pitt, Sir John Strode, Co). Titus, and Mr. Fount, do appear before the Rising of the House, the Warrant shall be respited.

Ordered, That Sir John Steward have Leave to go into the Country, in order to the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir William Blaeket have Leave to go into the Country.

Mr. Speaker reports, That he had examined the Matter touching the Breach of Privilege against Sir Philip Mouncktm,a Member of this House, in arresting and detaining Timothy Remington his menial Servant: That the Under Sheriff did acknowledge, that the said Timothy Remington was arrested, and is still in Custody; but that he did not know him to be the Servant of Sir Philip Mounckton, at the time of the Arrest: And that Sir Mounckton did own the said Timothy Remington to be his menial Servant; and that he was employed in the Selling of his Com and other Things, in the nature of a Bailiff or Steward; and desired the Privilege of the House.

Ordered, That the said Timothy Remington be discharged from his Imprisonment, by Warrant from Mr. Speaker.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, further to proceed upon the Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for paying off and disbanding the Forces, that have been raised, or brought over from beyond the Seas, since the Tw enty-ninth of 1677.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments: And that he was ready to report, whensoever the House Should order it.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Bcversham and Sir Edward Low;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act disabling Popish Recusants to use or exercise certain Professions and Trades; and compelling them to remove from the Cities of London and Westminster: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sahbati, 14’ die Decembris, 1678. Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir John Salisbury have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Col. Sandys have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for disbanding the Forces raised since the Nine-and-tw'entieth of September 1677, several Amendments agreed upon by the Committee to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed.

A Clause, with a Blank, for a Free Gift to the Soldiers, being presented to be made Part of the Bill; and twice read;

The Question being put,.That the Blank shall be filled up with Ten Shillings to every Foot Soldier, and Foot Grenadier, under the Degree of a Commission Officer; The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Vol. IX.

Tellers, {ifo’cluiriesWheeler, } for the Noe>’ ,o8'

Teller.,] for the Yeas, in.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was presented, to be added to the Bill; and twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, together with the several Clauses and Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the first Twelve Persons of the Com- Impeach-mittee appointed to draw up the Impeachment against «"«nt of the the Five Lords; viz.Mr. Williams, Serjeant Mainard, five ^ords’ Sir John Holland, Sir Tho. Meeres, Mr. Powle, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Tho.

Stringer, Sir Rob. Sawyer, Serj. Gregory, Sir Tho. Lee-, be appointed a Committee of Secrecy, to draw up the Impeachments; and to prepare the Evidence against the said Lords.

The House being made acquainted by Mr. Speaker,

That Mr. Vaughan was the Thirteenth Person;

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of Daniel Giles was presented; and read to Giles’ the House. Petitmn.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be adjourned till Monday Morning: And that the Petitioner do then attend to own the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Paymaster, Mustermaster, and Array-Colonel, or next Commission Officer, (if such Colonel A181'* or Commission Officer shall now be within Twenty Miles of the City of London) of every Regiment, Troop, Company, or any Part of any Troop or Company, whether Horse, Foot, Dragoons, or Grenadiers, now to be disbanded, do forthwith, under their Hands and Seals, make up Books of the respective Sums of Money, which will be due the First of January next; with the Names of every such Officer and Soldier particularly, who are to receive the same, and upon what Muster it becomes so due, deducting the ordinary Proportions from every particular Soldier, for the Paying for Cloaths: and to return the same Books to this House with all Speed: And likewise, the like particular Account of what will be then . due to such General Officers as have received their Commissions since the Nine-and-twentieth of and have taken the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and subscribed the Declaration mentioned in an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 16* die Decembris, 1678.

ORDERED, That Serjeant Hardres, Sir John Absentees Shaw, and Mr. Henry Bertie', having departed the without Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Cus- Leave, tody of the Serjeant at Arms: And that they shall not be admitted to take their Places in the House, until they have paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charges.

Ordered, That, if Serjeant Hordes, Sir Shaw, and Mr. Henry Bertie, shall appear before the Rising of the House, the Warrant shall be respited.

Mr. Daniel Giles was called in to the Bar: And did Giles’ own his Petition preferred to this House on Saturday last. Petition.

A Petition, in the Name of Peter MHerman Stubbs, David Stolly, DetleJStolly, WickmanLastrop, and several other Hamburghers, Polanders, Dantzickers, and Polanders, Owners of the Cargo lately laden on Board the

7 B Ship

Leave of Absence,

Supply Bill; disbanding the Army.

Absentees

without

Leave.

Trades of Popish Recusants.

Papers to be taken to Attorney; General.

Leave of Absence.

gj8 uf — 17'’ — j3* Dfcembris. . A. 1678.

Ship Prosperous, whereof John was Master, M as

presented to be read:

And the House being informed, that Mr. Peter Bar and Mr. Michael Syvers were Agents or Factors for the said Petitioners; and were ready at the Door to own the said Petition;

And Mr. Pef er Barr and Mr. Michael Syvers being called in; Mr. Barr did, on the Behalf of trop, own the said Petition; and said, He was authorized thereunto by better, which he took to be in the Nature of a Letter of Attorney from the said Petitioner: And Mr. Syvers did, on the Behalf of the rest of the Petitioners, ow n the said Petition; and said, That he was likewise authorized thereunto by Letters, which he took to be in the Nature of Letters of Attorney from the said Petitioners.

And Mr. Bar and Mr. Syvers being withdrawn;

The Petition was read.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Petitions be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Williams have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

J\lercurii, IB" dip Decemb» 1678.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Sir Lacon William Children of Childeand Sir Samuel C/erkei Popish Re-

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, cuian ‘ intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing the Sending or Going of the Children of Popish Recusants into Parts beyond the Seas, out of the King’s Obedience:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That Sir Lancelot Lake have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Week, Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Gawdy have Leave to go into the Country for Fourteen Daye.

Ordered, That Mr. Appreece, having departed the Absented Service of the House without Leave, be sent for in Cus- *'thout tody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And ave-that he shall not take his Place in the House till he hath paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charges.

Ordered, That, if Mr. Appreece do appear before the Rising of the House, the Warrant shall be respited.

An ingrossed Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth of Septanber 1677, was read the Third time.

An Enacting Clause in Parchment, was presented; and thrice read to the House.

Resolved, That the said Clause be added to the Bill.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of Two hundred and Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for the effectual paying off and disbanding all the Forces raised, or brought over from foreign Parts into this Kingdom, since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677: And that Sir John Trevor do carry up the Bill to the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mentis, 17* die D 1678.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Tho. Hatton, having departed the Service of this House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And that he shall not be admitted to take his Place in the House until he hath paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charges.

Ordered, That, if Sir Thomas Hatton do appear before the Rising of the House the Warrant shall be respited.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act disabling Popish Recusants to use or exercise certain Professions and Trades; and compelling them to remove from the Cities of London and Westminster, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Robert do forthwith

repair to Mr. Attorney General, with the Five Letters directed to Mr. Bennyfield at Windsor.

The House then proceeded to caff over the Names of Defaulters-the Members that have made Default in attending the Call of the Service of the House; and have not taken the Oath9 of Hous*‘ Allegiance and Supremacy, and subscribed the Declaration according to the Act of Parliament.

The Question being put, That Sir Richard Graham be excused;

The House divide.

,5.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Sir John Duncomb be excused;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

£25*32*,) for the Yea,. ,46.

Tellers, 1^; } for foe Noe, ,6a.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Edgcomb, Mr. Charles Smith, Mr. John Arundell, Sir John Mr. Hender

Roberts, Mr. Francis Buller, Mr. John Sir Wm.

Godolphin, Mr. John Trelawney, Mr. Charles

Mr. Tho. Herle, Mr. Francis Roberts, Mr.

Mr. Jonathan Rashley, Mr. John Mr. John

Elliot, Mr. Edward Elliot, Mr. Humphry Bur lace, Sir George Flelcher, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Sir Sir John Rolles, Sir Coplcstone Bampfeild, Mr. Henry Northleigh, Mr. John Trcgonwell, Mr. Richard Leigh,

Sir Geoffrey Shakcrly, Mr. Robert Leighton, Mr. Wm.

Oakely, John Lord Ross, Sir Edward Phillips, Sir John Barrington, Sir Edward Littleton, Mr Chetwyn,

Sir Ceesar Calclough, Sir John Duncomb, Sir George Courtop, Mr. Thomas Tufton, Sir Edward Sir

John Packington, Sir James Rushout, Sir Metcalfe Robinson, Mr. Roger Talbot, Sir Leoline Jenkins, Mr. Nicholas Bagnall, and Robert Lord Bulkely, having made Default in attending the Service of this House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Harccourt have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Manatonhave Leave to go into the Country for Twenty Days.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare an Addres* on Address, representing to his Majesty the dangerous State Danger of and Condition of the Nation, do hasten their Report. the Nation.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to ac- Adjourn, quaint them, That this House, having Matters of great ment-Moment and Importance before them, have resolved to adjourn for Christmas Eve'and Christmas Day only, during the Holy Days: And that Sir Tho. I<ee do go up with the Message.,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

30 Car. II.

19 Decembrir.

559

Privilege.

i*.

U5-.

leave of Absence.

Children of Popish Recusants.

! ti . r

House informed of a Riot.

Seizure of Mr. Mon-tagu'sPapers,

w

i#*

n#

Jovis, 19* Decentbris, 1678.

Prayers.

/COMPLAINT being made of a Breach of Pri- vilege, committed upon Sir Edm. Windham, a Member of this House, by one George Heath; by attaching his Goods in the Possession and Keeping of Thomas Bruinell his Coachman;

Resolved, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Longford, and Sir Francis Drake, have Leave to go into the Country.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Sending or Going of the Children of Popish Recusants, into Parts beyond the Seas out of the King’s Obedience, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed of a Riot committed by certain Soldiers; and that there was one Mr. without, that could give the House an Account thereof;

And Mr. Plucknet being called in; and having given the House an Account thereof;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the said Riot, and report the same, with their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Moreton, Colonel Titus, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Eliah Harvy, Sir Robert Markham,

Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr. Crouch, Mr. Westfaling, Sir John

Barnaby, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Sir Wm.

Hickman, Sir Rich.Temple, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir

Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Powle, Sir Edw. Deering, Sir John Trevor, Sir George Hungerford,

Sir Thomas Meeres, Sir Edm. Windham, Mr. Vaughan,

Colonel Birch, Serjeant Gregory, Mr. Hamden, Sir Tho.

Littleton, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Fr. Drake: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Pluc/cnett be called in: And that Mr. Speaker do acquaint him, That he has done well in doing his Duty, and giving this Account to the House.

Which was accordingly done.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquaints the House, That he was commanded by his Majesty to inform the House, That his Majesty having received Information, That his late Ambassador in France, Mr. Montagu, a Member of this House, had held several private Conferences with the Pope’s Nuncio there, without any Directions or Instructions from his Majesty, his Majesty, to the end that he might know the Truth of that Matter, had given Order for the Seizing of Mr. Montagus Papers.

Resolved, That the House having this Day received a Message from his Majesty, acquainting this House, That upon an Information against Mr. Montagu, a Member of this House, his Majesty had given Order for the Seizing the Papers of Mr. Montagu, in order to a further Discovery; this House cannot make any Judgment, either in relation to their Member, or the Privilege of the House, which may be in ,a great measure invaded, unless his Majesty will be graciously pleased to let this House know, whether the Information against Mr. was given

upon Oath; and of what Nature the Offence is, that is thus complained of,

Ordered, That the Lord Cavendish, Sir John Ernie, Sir Hen. Capell, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Powle, Sir John Pelham, Colonel and Mr.

or ajiy Three of them, do immediately attend his Majesty with this Vote.

The Lord Cavendish reports, That they had been to attend his Majesty with the Vote of this House, relating to the Information against Mr. Montagu: And that his Majesty sent them Word out of the House of Lords, That Vol. IX.

he was at that time very busy; and that his Majesty had rather they would attend him at Whitehall, when the House was up.

Mr. Montagu acquainting the House, That he had Papers com-in his Custody several Papers, which he conceived might rounicated tend very much to the Safety of his Majesty’s Person, and fc£u£I<m* the Preservation of the Kingdom; 8

Ordered, That the Lord Russell, Mr. Harbord, Sir Scroop How, and Sir Hen. Capell, do take Mr. Montagus Directions; and repair immediately to the Place where the said Writings are lodged; and bring the same to the House.

Mr. Harbord acquaints the House, That, in pursuance of the Order of this House, and according to Mr. Montagu's Directions, they had brought a Box of Writings.

Ordered, That the Box be opened: And that Mr.

Montagu be present: And that he do select such Writings as he thinks may be for the Service of the House; and dispose of all other Writings which properly concerns himself, as he shall think fit.

Mr. Montagu presented a Letter to the House, subscribed " Danby," dated the 17th of January 1674-:

Which was, by Mr. Speaker, read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My Lord, London, 17 Jan. 1674.

I DID, by my Lord Dumbarton, write to you, at large, all the Intelligence I could then give you; and there has been nothing since worth the returning either of your Expresses withal. My Son Dunblan arrived here on Monday last: Who delivered me your Letters; and acknowledges your very great Kindness to him, as I am to do, both for him and myself, who you have obliged by so many ways. Your Intelligence concerning Mons.

Ruvigny has not been the least of your favours; and hitherto his Son’s Steps have been very suitable to your Information: For Yesterday he came to me, with Mons.

Barillon (having given me his Father’s Letter the Day before); and discoursed much upon the Confidence his King hath of the Firmness of Ours to him; of the good Opinion his Master has of me; of his King's Resolution to condescend to any thing that is not infamous to him, for the Satisfaction of Our King; how certainly Our King may depend upon all sorts of Assistance and Supplies from his Master, in case the Friendship be preserved; and, in Short, went so far, as to seem desirous to have me understand (altho’ he would not directly say it), That his Master might be brought to part with Valen-ciences and Conde, but never with Tournay. And the Main of their Drift was, to engage me to prevail with the King to prevail with the Prince of Orange as to that Town; and pressed the Matter upon me as a Thing, wherein they thought I had an Interest of my own with the Prince of Orange, sufficient to persuade him to put an End to the War by that Means. I answered them (as is most true), that there is nothing I am so desirous of as the Peace; but I thought things were gone so far, as it was only in their Master’s Power to prevent the War; and that I would contribute to any possible Expedient to that End: But that they must apply themselves to the King himself; and, when it came to my Part, I Should be found to contradict nothing which might be equal for Preservation of the Friendship betwixt the Two Kings.

From me they went immediately to the King: Who tells me, their Discourse was the same they had held with me r And at last he desired, that whatever Expedient they had to propose to him, might be put in Writing for him to consider. And thus it stands at this time.

As to the Officer you mention (who the King assures himself to be.....) he has taken further Time to resolve of his Answer: And as to our main Points of Peace and War, it will certainly depend upon the King of France his consenting to the First Propositions; Our King being engaged to oppose any Party that shall refuse them: Nor will the Time for that Consideration be much longer, since it will be impossible but the King must come to some Declaration of his Mind to the Parliament, w hen it meets. That which makes the Hopes of Peace yet less probable is, That the Duke grows every Day less inclined to it, and has created a greater Indiffereney in the King, than I could

have

1.

..1

5 6°

190 Decemh*

1678.

Mr. Mon- have imagined: Which, being added to the French tagu’sPapers, i£ing’s Resoiutions not to part with Toumay, does, I confess, make me despair of any Accommodation. Nevertheless, I am assured, that One principal Cause of this Adjournment for Thirteen Days, has been, to see if any Expedient for the Peace could have been found in that Time: And the Effect of the Adjournment hath hitherto been, that nobody will now believe other, than that the Peace is already concluded betwixt us and France,

I am, my Lord,

Your Excellency’s most humble

and most Obedient Servant,

Danby.

Mr. Montagu delivered in another Letter, subscribed " Danby," and dated, from London, 2,5th of 16-78:

Which was, by Mr. Speaker, likewise read to the House; and is as followeth:

My Lord,

SINCE my writing to you by Mr. the

Resolutions have been altered as to the sending you Instructions as yet for the proposing any thing to the French King. The Particulars which w ill be consented to on the Part of the Confederates, and of which This is a Copy, will be communicated to you by Mr. Secretary Coventry: But you will have no other Direction from him about them, but only thereby to be enabled to find the Pulse of that King, or his Ministers at least, against the Time that you shall receive Orders to make the Proposals to him. That you may know from whence the Nicety of this Aftiiiv proceeds, it is necessary to inform you, that, for fear of its being ill resented by the Parliament here, the King will not make any Proposal at all of Peace, unless he shall be pressed to it by the Confederates: And, although, by Mr. Godolphin, he is sufficiently informed, that they desire the Peace upon the Terms sent you by the Secretary; yet, not having received that Desire formally, the Council will not advise his Majesty to let his Ambassador propose That which he is not formally impowered to make good: And so, by staying for that formal Power, which, by Letter, his Majesty is sufficiently authorized to propose, the Time will be lost of effecting the Peace, if at all it cun be had. To supply this Defect therefore, and to prevent the King’s sending again into Holland before he knows the Mind of France, I am commanded by his Majesty to let you know, That you are to make the Propositions inclosed to the King of France, and to tell him, that the King will undertake for the seeing them made good on the Part of Spain and Holland, in case they shall be accepted by him. And, in your Answer, you must write the same thing to the Secretary, by way only of having felt the I Kings Pulse, which you must do to the King, as a full Answer from the King of France, and such a one as his Majesty may depend upon, whatever That shall be. For the more dexterous Management of this Matter, the King is advised to shew these Propositions to Mons.;

but not to give him a Copy: So that, by the Strength of Memory, it is expected he shall write to his Master: And by that Means only are we to hope for an Answer to a Matter of this vast Importance: And consequently, you may imagine, w'hat a Satisfaction we are like to reap from it when it comes. I doubt not, but by your Conduct it will be brought to a speedy Issue, which is of as great Importance as the Thing itself; there being no Condition worse for his Majesty than his standing unresolved betwixt Peace and War.

I find by Mons. Barillon, that, ’tis like, some Places, which are Dependencies upon greater Towns, may be demanded by the King of France: But, if he intend the Peace (which you will do very well to know his Mind fully in), you may justly say, you hope he will neither stand upon One single Place (though a fortified one), nor upon any Place unfortified, which is a Dependant upon those which are to be restored to Spain. And if any thing Should be moved, about Sicily to remain in the French Hands until the Peace of Sweden be concluded, you are only to say, That you are not impowered to say any thing

24

upon it; and you are confident, the King has done all he could to get the utmost Conditions they would consent to: Only you are to say, That the King has again sent about Conde, not being well satisfied that they have not left it in his Power to give or refuse as he Should have found convenient; and hopes still for some good Answer. In case the Conditions of the Peace shall be accepted, the King expects to have Six Millions of Livres yearly for three Years, from the Time that this Agreement shall be signed betwixt his Majesty and the King of France: because it will be Two or Three Years before he can hope to find his Parliament in Humour to give him Supplies, after the having made any Peace with France: And the Ambassador here has agreed to that Sum, but not for so long a Time. If you find the Peace will not be accepted, you are not to mention the Money at all: And all possible Care must be taken to have this whole Negociation as private as is possible, for fear of giving Offence at Home; where, for the most part, we hear, in Ten Days after, of any thing that is communicated to the French Ministers. I must again repeat it to you, That, whatever you write upon this Subject to the Secretary (to whom you must not mention a Syllable of the Money), you must say only as a Thing you believe they will consent to, if you had Power formally to make those Demands. Pray inform yourself to the Bottom of what is to be expected from France; and assure them, that you believe, This will be the last Time that you shall receive any Proposition of a Peace, if This be rejected (as, indeed, I believe, it will); so that you may take your own Measures, as well as the King, upon it. I am (

Your Excellency’s most Faithful and Obedient Servant,

Danby.

The Question being propounded, That there is suffi- Earl of cient Matter of Impeachment against the Lord Treasurer; Danby's

The Question being put, That this Question shall be ^*ach' now put;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers lSir Eliah Harvy,

’ (Sir Geo. Hungerford,

for the Yeas, 179.

Teller* (| kEdm

\ for the Noes, 116.

Sir Rob. Markham.

And so it was resolved in the Afftrmative.

Resolved, That there is sufficient Matter of Impeachment against the Lord Treasurer.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and draw up Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Treasurer.

And it is referred to Lord Cavendish, Mr.

Mr. Williams, Sir Tho.Clerges, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Hamden, Sir Edzv. Deering, Mr. Montagu,

Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Poracle, Mr. Solicitor General, Colonel Titus, Sir Eliah Harvy, Mr.

Sir Robert Sawyer, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Nich.Carew, Serjeant Mainard, Sir Tho. Littleton, or any Five of them: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to receive any further Information or Evidence. And it is particularly recommended to the Care of the Lord Cavendish and Mr. Williams: And that the Letters now read be delivered to their Hands; and that they do produce the same Tomorrow Morning, to be entered in the Journal.

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker shall not, at any time, Adjourn-, adjourn the House, without a Question first put,' if it be ment-insisted upon.:

Resolved, That this Resolution be entered in the Jou> nal, as a Standing Order of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Children of

Popish

Recusants.

Trades of Popish -Recusants.

Answer cnn-teroing Mr. Montagu.

Mr. Speaker communicates Letters.

Yarmouth

Writ.

Riot at Hamersmith.

JiOrds

Amendments to Supply Bill.

30 Car. II. 20" — 21° Decemlris. 561

Veneris, 20* die D 1678.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the effectual Preventing the Sending or Going of the Children of Popish Recusants into Parts beyond the Seas, out of the King’s Obedience, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the Three Bills against Popery stand already committed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act disabling Popish Recusants to exercise certain Professions and Trades; and compelling them to leave the Cities of London and Westminster, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee to v horn the Bills against Popery already stand committed.

The Lord Cavendish acquaints the House, That his Majesty had been attended this Morning with the Vote of this House relating to the Information of Mr. Montagu: And that his Majesty was pleased to return Answer, That He did intend to communicate to this House the Matter of the Information against Mr. Montagu; and will do it when he thinks it convenient.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That he had received a Letter from the Lord Treasurer: Which he read to the House; whereby it was intimated, That he had sent Two Letters inclosed, written by Mr. Montagu’, which he conceived to be for the Service of the House: Which Letters were by Mr. Speaker read to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 21° die Decembris, 1678.

/IRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth in the County of Southampton, in the room of Richard Lucy Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine the Matter of the Riot committed by the Soldiers upon the Watch at Ilamersmith, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place fonnerly appointed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Andrerv Ilackct and Sir John Francklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to attend you with the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of Two hundred and Six thousand Four hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for the effectual paying off and disbanding all the Forces raised, or brought over from foreign Parts into this Kingdom, since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677, with several Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the said Amendments: Which were once read.

The First and Second Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put, For agreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The rest of the Amendments, to the Twenty-sixth Line in the Sixteenth Skin, being read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put, For agreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment in the Twenty-sixth Line of the

Vol. IX.

Sixteenth Skin, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

The next Amendment, being in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Lines of the Seventeenth Skip, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, For agreeing to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments to the Three-and-twentieth Line of the Twentieth Skin, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question agreed.

The Amendment in the Three-and-twentieth Line of the Twentieth Skin, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, For agreeing to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments to the Eighteenth Line of the One-and-twentieth Skin, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, agreed.

The Amendment in the Eighteenth Line of the One-and-twentieth Skin, as also all the Amendments to the Four-and-twentieth Line of the Seven-and-twentieth Skin, being read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put, For agreeing to tile said Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment in the Four-and-twentieth Line of the Seven-and-twentieth Skin, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed.

The last Amendment being for leaving out the Words in the Bill from the Word " Act" in the Twenty-sixth Line of the Twenty-seventh Skin, to the last " and " in the Thirtieth Line of the same Skin, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, For agreeing to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, Why this House cannot agree with the Lords in several Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for paying off and disbanding the Forces.

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Tho. Lee,

Sir Eliah Harvy, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Solicitor General,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Trevor, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Sachaverell, Col. Birch, Mr. Hamden,

Sir Robert Saztyer, Mr. Perwle, Sir or any

Five of them.

Ordered, That Sir John Talbot do go up to the Lords, House to sit and acquaint them, That this House does intend to sit p-this Afternoon; and desire that their Lordships will do the like;

Sir John Talbot acquaints the House, That he had delivered this Message to the Lords; and that the Lords had agreed to sit this Afternoon.

Mr. Williams reports from the Committee appointed fearl of to draw up Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Danby’s Im-Treasurer, That the Committee had agreed upon several Pe;ichraeut-Articles: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards

delivered the same in at the Clerk’s.....Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and Offences, against Thomas Earl of Danby, Lord High Treasurer of England.

I. THAT he hath traitorously encroached to himself Regal Power, by treating in Matters of Peace and War with Foreign Princes and Ambassadors, and giving Instructions to his Majesty’s Ambassadors abroad, without communicating the same to the Secretaries of State, and the rest of his Majesty's Council; and against the express Declaration of his Majesty and his Parliament; thereby intending to defeat and overthrow the Provisions whicti had been deliberately made by his Majesty and his Parliament, for the Safety and Preservation ol his Majesty’s Kingdoms and Dominions.

7 C II. That

62

21° — 23° D

A. 1678.

Earl of Panby's Impeach* meat.

II. That he hath traiterously endeavoured to subvert the ancient and well established Form of Government in this Kingdom; and instead thereof to introduce an arbitrary and tyrannical Way of Government. And the better to effect this Ids Purpose, he did design the Raising of an Army, upon Pretence of a War against the King;

and then to continue the same as a Standing Army within this Kingdom: And an Army being so raised, and no War ensuing, an Act of Parliament having passed to pay off and disband the same, and a great Sum of Money being granted for that End, he did continue this Army contrary to the said Act, and misemployed the said Money, given for disbanding, to the Continuance thereof; and issued out of his Majesty’s Revenue divers great Sums of Money for the said Purpose; and wilfully neglected to take Security from the Paymaster of the Army, as the said Act required; whereby the said Law is eluded, and the Army is yet continued, to the great Danger and unnecessary Charge of his Majesty and the whole Kingdom.

in. That he, traiterously intending and designing to alienate the Hearts and Affections of his Majesty’s good Subjects from his Royal Person and Government, and to hinder the Meeting of Parliaments, and to deprive his Sacred Majesty of their safe and wholesome Councils, and thereby to alter the Constitution of the Government of this Kingdom, did propose and negotiate a Peace for the French King, upon Terms disadvantageous to the Interest of his Majesty and his Kingdoms: For the Doing whereof he did endeavour to procure a great Sum of Money from the French King, for enabling of him to carry on and maintain his said traiterous Designs and Purposes, to the Hazard of his Majesty’s Person and Government.

IV-. That he is popishly affected; and hath traiterously concealed, after he had Notice, the late horrid and bloody Plot and Conspiracy contrived by the Papists, against his Majesty’s Person and Government; and hath suppressed the Evidence, and reproachfully discountenanced the King’s Witnesses in the Discovery of it, in favour of Popery; immediately tending to the Destruction of the King’s Sacred Person, and the Subversion of the Protestant Religion.

V. That he hath wasted the King’s Treasure, by issuing

| for the Yeas, 141. for the Noes, 179.

170.

The Question being put, That the Word " traiterously" be left out of the first Article;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers /Lord Latymer,

ieUers’lMr. Coke,

rp , f Sir John Lord her,

ieuers,|jyjr May,

Resolved, That the Lord Treasurer be impeached upon the said Article.

The Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers, 1 so , N

[bir IVm. Hickman, J ’

Tellers /^r Hen.Goodrich, j Yeas ui

tellers, jSi|> Rercsby,* the Yeas> 143’

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Second Article being read a Second time; Resolved, That the Lord Treasurer be impeached upon the said Article.

The Third Article being read a Second time; Resolved, That the Lord Treasurer be impeached upon this Article.

The Fourth Article being read a Second time;

The Question being put, That the Lord Treasurer be impeached upon this Article;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers Pl'r- Seymour,

tellers, j^jr Winhmu,

Tellers I1'0"1 Ashley,

tellers, |Mr Wharton,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fifth Article being read a Second time; Resolved, That the Lord Treasurer be impeached upon this Article.

The Sixth Article being read a Second time; Resolved, That the Lord Treasurer be impeached upon this Article.

Ordered, That the Articles of Impeacliment against

I'.TISC

Pil.

| for the Noes, 119. j> for the Yeas, 143.

I fcrlol

1 1>?*5 III pficbn

l^e

to

out of his Majesty's Exchequer, and several Branches of the Lord Treasurer be ingrossed: And that a Clause of his Revenue, for unnecessary Pensions and secret Services, saving Liberty to exhibit any Articles hereaf ter against to the Value of Two hundred Thirty-one thousand Six him, and that he may be sequestered from Parliament, hundred and Two Pounds, within Two Years: And that and committed to safe Custody, be prepared: And that he hath wholly diverted, out of the known Method and Sir Henry Capell do carry up the Articles to the Lords Government of the Exchequer, One whole Branch of his on Monday next.

Addri the K to

Majesty’s Revenue to private Uses, without any Account to be made of it to his Majesty in the Exchequer, contrary to the express Act of Parliament which granted the same: And he hath removed Two of his Majesty’s Commissioners of that Part of the Revenue, for refusing to consent to such his unwarrantable Actings therein, and to advance Money upon that Branch of the Revenue, for private. Uses.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

23’ die , 1678.

Prayers.

VI. That he hath by indirect Means procured from RD FRED, That Sir Francis Woman have Leave Leavtof

to go into the Country for Twenty Days.

his Majesty for himself, divers considerable Gifts and Grants of Inheritance of the ancient Revenue of the Crown, even contrary to Acts of Parliament.

The First Article being read a Second time;

The Question being put, That the Articles of Im-

Absence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquaints the House, Ansiver fP0. That his Majesty having received an Address of this cerninsMr. House, desiring his Majesty to inform the House, Whe-

peachment against the Lord Treasurer, be re-committed; ther the Information against Mr. Montagu was taken upon

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth, rp /Mr. Collingwood, e er9’(Mr. Charles Bertie.

Tellers Birch,

tellers ’\$\r Tho. Clerges,

And so it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Candles be brought in; The House divide.

The Yeas go forth. fMr. Vane,

j- for the Yeas, 135. for the Noes, 179.

Tellers,

\Sir John Mallctt,

for the Yeas, 165.

/Mr. Progers, /

s’j_Mr. May, J

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers,

for the Noes, 115.

Oath, and of what Nature the Offence was that was complained of;' his Majesty had commanded him to present several Letters to the House for their Information: Which Letters were, by Mr. Speaker, read to the House.

A Clause of saving Liberty to this House, to exhibit |rarj of any further Articles against the Lord Treasurer, prepared Dank’j by Order of the House, was twice read; and with an hn|,»ach-Amendment made at the Table upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth;

' FOR which Matters and Things, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses of the House of Commons, in Parliament, do, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England, impeach the said Earl of

17 of

mint.

id

Lti

Am

fci

30 Car. II.

23° Decembris.

565

in

‘(3

list

nt,

.ve w

i-

Hi l:

>d -

;-r.

n

House to sit F. M.

Earl of Danby s Impeachment.

leave of Absence.

Address for the King’s Safety.

Executions for High ’1 tea ton.

Lords

of High Treason, and other High Crimes, Misdemeanours and Offences in the said Articles contained. And the said Commons, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting at any Time hereafter any other Accusation or Impeachment against the said Earl, and also of replying to the Answers which the said Thomas Earl of Danbyshall make to the Premises, or any of them,

or any Impeachment or Accusation that shall be by them exhibited, as the Cause, according to Course and Proceedings of Parliament, shall require, do pray, that the said Thomas Earl ot Danby may be put to answer all and every the Premises; that such Proceedings, Examinations,-Tryals, and Judgments, may be upon them, and every one of them, had and used, as shall be agreeable to Law and Justice; and that lie may be sequestered from Parliament, and forthwith committed to safe Custody.

Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrossed with the Articles.

Ordered, That the Lord Cavendish, Mr. Peregrine Bertie, Mr. Sachaverell, Mr. Williams, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Charles Wheeler, Sir Henry Goodrich, Sir Ernie,

or any Two of them, do immediately withdraw and examine the ingrossed Articles of Impeachment against the Ixird Treasurer, with the Paper Draught.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Hickman do go up to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House intends to sit this Afternoon; and to desire their Lordships to do the like.

Sir Wm. Hickman acquaints the House, That he had attended the Lords with the Message; and that the Lords had agreed to sit this Afternoon.

Mr. Williams acquaints the House, That the Persons appointed had examined the Ingrossment of the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Treasurer: And that it did agree with the Paper Draught.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Port man, and Sir Richard Everard have Leave to go into the Country till Saturday next.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple have Leave to go into the Country.

Resolved, That an Address be made to his Majesty, humbly to desire his Majesty to have a greater Regard and Care to the Safety and Preservation of his Person.

Resolved, That this House will attend his Majesty with the said Address.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do immediately attend his Majesty, and know his Pleasure, When this House may attend his Majesty with the said Address.

Sir Thomas Chichely acquaints the House, That he had attended his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When this House may attend him with the Address: And that his Majesty returned Answer, That he would send Word when this House Should attend him.

A Debate arising in the House, concerning the Delay in executing several Persons for High Treason;

Resolved, That the said Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

his Majesty, being made by their Lordships, in reference Lord* to the Payment of the Money into the Exchequer, the Amendment Commons disagreeing with their Lordships in That toSupplyBhL Amendment, the Reason of that Appointment ceases.

2. That if there Should be any Defect or Delay in the Nomination of the Receiver General, the whole Business of Disbanding might be disappointed or deferred.

3. That the Commons having the last Sessions granted a Sum of Money for the Disbanding of the Army, and intrusted it in the Exchequer, the Money had been issued for the Continuance of the Army, without ever disbanding any one Man, as far as they can understand: And the Commons cannot think it safe, to trust the Money into the Exchequer again; it remaining in the Managery of the same Persons.

4. That the Commons having disposed of the Payment of the Money into the Chamber of London, the better to secure it from being misemployed, your Lordships have not, at any time heretofore, altered or changed any such Disposition made in a Supply granted by the Commons,

5. That the Commons do not see any Occasion for the Addition of these Words in this Place; because it is sufficiently provided for in a general Clause, in another Part of the Bill: And if they were necessary here, they ought to be likewise added in several other Places.

6. That Colonel Birch had a Commission under the King to he a Colonel; and had the actual Command of a Regiment, after his Majesty's Restauration, till they were disbanded; and it is usual to give any Man thathath had such a Command the Title of Colonel ever after:

And your Lordships have done the same immediately before to Colonel Whitley.

7. That the Commons, conceiving it necessary for the Peace and Safety of the Kingdom, that the Army Should be immediately disbanded, have thought fit to prevent all Ways that have been or may be used to continue it; and have therefore enumerated all those particular Ways, by which some former Acts have been evaded, that thereby they might be declared to be within the Penalties of this present Act.

8. That^ it being so highly necessary for the Peace of the Kingdom, that these Soldiers Should disperse immediately after their Disbanding, it is requisite to express the Penalty which they Should incur, in case of Disobedience: And the Commons do not think the Penalty of Felony too great, since if they Should continue together in greater Numbers, it may be the Occasion of many Murders, Robberies, and other Felonies.

9. That the Commons think fit to continue the Pro* amble to the Clause of Imdemnity, because1 it contains the Reasons which induced the Commons to insert it into* the Bill.

That, the Commons not agreeing to your Lord-

10.

hill.

ships in leaving out the Preamble, the Word "such" is necessary to be continued; because it relates to it.

11. The Commons, not thinking fit to agree to the former Amendments of your Lordships, cannot agree to This, which wholly depends upon them.

12. That this being an Act for the more effectual disbanding the Army, foe Commons did limit the Indemnity to the Officers and Soldiers, being the Persons that were to be disbanded; that thereby they might be foe more encouraged to disperse, when they were satisfied they might return home with Safety: And foe Com-

Mr. Peni le reports from foe Committee appointed to mons conceive it is not either necessary or convenient to ' ’ extend it any further.

13. The Commons having restrained foe Indemnity to foe Officers and Soldiers only, they conceive thi$ Alteration to be unnecessary.

14. That the Commons do not think fit to extend foe

Amendments draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had to Supply wifo the Lords, Why tins House does not agree to several Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for the effectual paying off and disbanding the Forces that have been raised or

brought over from foreign Parts into this Kingdom, since Indemnity to any Persons listed or mustered since foe the Twenty-ninth of September 16771 That the Com- First of because they see no Occasion why

mittee had agreed to several Reasons: Which he read in ' "

his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were twice read; and, upon

any such Persons Should be taken into the Army, unless it were to increase foe Charge, or some other ill Purpose.

the Question, severally agreed: And are as followeth; 1. That the Appointment of the Receiver General, by Vox.. IX.

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to Popish Plot, prepare and draw up Articles of Impeachment against the

Five

564 $3° — 26°- — 2y° — 28° . A. 1678.

Five Lords, or any Three of them, do repair to the Prison and take the Examination of Mr. relating to the

Plot and Conspiracy against his Majesty’s Person and G overnment, and the Murder of Sir Godfrey.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider of Making a proper Way for superseding the Commission for making Member Sir Roger Bradshaw, a Member of this House, High s*wnff‘ Sheriff for the County of Lancaster, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Amendments by them made to the Bill, for granting a Supply to his Majesty, for the effectual paying off and disbanding the Forces raised, and brought over from foreign Parts into this Kingdom, since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677: And that the Lord Clifford do go up to the Lords to desire the Conference.

Farl of Dan- Sir Henry Capellacquaints the House, That he had by* Im- attended the Lords with the Articles of Impeachment peacluuenti against the Lord Treasurer; and had delivered the same into the Hands of the Lord Chancellor.

Lords agree The Lord Clifford acquaints the I louse, That he had to Confe- attended the Lords with the Message for a Conference: rence. And that the Lords had agreed to a Conference, on Thursday next, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, in the Painted Chamber.

Popish Plot. Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to examine Mr. Praunee, do impart to the Prisoners in Neagatethe Contents of his Majesty's Proclamation, in relation to the Discovery of the Plot against his Majesty's Person and Government.

Bill* against Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bills Popery. against Popery are committed be revived: and do sit Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Conference desired with Lords.

Joiis, 2 6°die Decembris, 1678. Prayers.

Managers of /YRDERED, That the Members that were ap-Conference. 1/ pointed to prepare and draw up the Reasons, do manage the Conference: And that it be particularly recommended to the Care of Mr. Poule.

Popish Plot. Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of Secrecy

appointed to examine Mr. Praunee, That the Committee repaired to Newgate, and had taken his Examination: The Particulars whereof he repotted to the House; and likewise, the Proceedings that they made thereupon.

Executions Ordered, That the Recorder for the City of London do for High attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the

*reaion* Clock, and give the House an Account, Why he does

not issue out Warrants for executing the Three Persons that were lately condemned for High Treason.

Veneris, 27° die Decembr, 1678.

' Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of Mr. John Barron was read; set- Recover of ting forth, That he had served his Majesty in the folate unhappy -Wars both at Home and Abroad; and at fe‘ture1, his Majesty's Restauration, in Recompence of his said Services, he had a Patent granted him for his Life, to be Receiver of the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Lancaster, and several other Northern Counties, of that Part of his Majesty's Revenue arising out of the Forfeitures and Penalties of the Estates of Popish Recusants: And the Petitioner taking Notice of a Bill now under Consideration, which, he conceives, may, in a great Measure, prejudice his Interest as to the said Patent; and therefore, prays that his Petition may be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Recorder of the City of London being called in Execution to the Bar of the House, did acquaint the House, That, for high on the next Day after the Prisoners were condemned at Tream the Old Bayly, he observed the same Method his Predecessors had done before him, and attended his Majesty to know his Pleasure in relation to the Execution of them; and that his Majesty was pleased to make this Answer;

That he would consider of it: And that he Should suspend Execution for some time.

A Debate arising in the House, Whether Mr. Recorder of the City of London had done his Duty, in deferring Execution upon the Three Persons lately condemned at the Old Bayly for High Treason;

The Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers, J for the Yeas, 184.

rr , fSir John Knight, j c .,

TeUers,|Mr Jylj^ j for the Koes, 112.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 28* die Decembr, 1678. Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee appointed to Popish Plot.

examine Mr. Colemans Papers, be revived; and do inspect the Writings that are hi the Custody of Sir Charles Harbord, and do sit this Afternoon hi the Place

formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to search Ditto.

Mr. Lang home's Study, be revived: And that Sir John Knight be added to the said Committeee.

Bills against Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bills

Popery. against Popery are committed, be revived; and do sit de die in diem until they have perfected their Report.

Papists resi- Ordered, That the Queen's Vice-chamberlain, and

Palaces the suc^ Members of this House as are Officers of the Green a aces. Cloth, do return a List of the Names of all such Papists, or reputed Papists, as are resident within his Majesty's Palaces of Whitehall, Somerset-house and St. James s; and also of such PapistS, or reputed Papists, as do shelter themselves within either of the said Palaces.

Ordered, That if any Papers be found in the Jesuits Ditto. Bags of Papers, that may be useful to the Committee of Secrecy for preparing the Impeachments against the Five Lords, they be transmitted to the said Committee.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be made to Trial of Mur. his Majesty, by such Members as are of his Majesty's derers otsir Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, That a Special 0 tuv‘ Commission of Oyer and Terminer may forthwith be issued out for trying the Persons now in Prison lor the Murder of Sir Edmutidbury Godfrey.

Mr.

6

4} tr 'V

j '-v

il

0

ie

It*

d

e

is

i-

e-

‘e,

n

i: i

at ’.

at*

le-

ity

»i

iid

!er

at

ed

4.

w

to

lo

ir

h i1*' n

i DP

e

ft"

30 Car. II. 28° Decemhris. 56c

Answer to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquaints the House, Address. That he had attended his Majesty with the Address for a Special Commission of and for trying

the Persons committed for the Murder of Sir Edmundbuty Godfrey: And that his Majesty was pleased to return Answer, That it Should be immediately done.

Conference A. Message from the Lords, by Sir fifties Cooke and on Lords Sir John Francklin;

Atneud- Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference

W ’gjj with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the upp y ’ Subject Matter of the last Conference, concerning the

Bill for Disbanding the Army.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference.

The Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference.

Resolved, That the Members who did manage the last Conference, do attend, and manage this Conference. Which they accordingly did.

Mr. Porwle reports, That they had attended the Conference, which was managed by the Lord Privy Seal; and that what he delivered is as followeth; viz.

" This Conference, which is desired with the House of Commons, is founded principally upon Three Points; That of the Receivers General; That of the Place lor lodging the Money; and That for the Indemnifying, for the Breach of the former Act, and the Penalties of . offending against this."

" I. That the Appointment of the Receiver General being made an Amendment by their Lordships, in reference to the Payment of the Money granted by this Bill into the Exchequer, their Lordships insist upon their Amendment; because the Money is to be paid into the Exchequer."

" II. That we conceive, that the most expeditious and surest Way for Nomination of the Receivers, is to leave it to his Majesty; who, as He is indisputably of the highest Trust, so He is most concerned for Himself and People, that the Army Should be speedily and effectually disbanded."

" III. That, we conceive, it tends more to Certainty and Expedition, to leave his Majesty to make use of such Officers as are now in being, than to be to seek new Officers when the Act Should be executed."

" The Reasons of our insisting to have the Money paid into the Exchequer is;"

" 1. Because the Court of Exchequer is an ancient Court, established both by Common Law and Statute, for all Receipts of his Majesty’s Money, and managing Matters relating to his Revenue."

"2. That, finding it inconvenient and grievous to the Subject, that his Majesty’s Revenue of all Sorts Should not come into the Exchequer, divers Laws have been made to enforce the Payment of all Money there."

" 3. That no Way of Justice for an injured Subject in this Tax is provided by the Act, if it Should be paid into the Chamber of London; whereas, by Law, every Subject injured, concerning his Payment, is to have Remedy before the Barons."

" 4. That it is a Jealousy their Lordships cannot entertain of any Persons to be employed in the Work of Disbanding, that the Money Should be misemployed; it being enacted under so great Penalty for Transgressors, and to be disposed by Commissioners appointed by the House of Commons."

" 5. That we find by the Act, as it came from the Commons, no sufficient Security for the Money that shall be paid to the Chamber of London, nor any Remedy left for the Subject, but an Action of Debt against the Chamberlain, in case of his Breach of Trust."

" 6. That, whereas the Army was continued in Pay after the Payments made for D isbanding, we do not find, that the Fault was in the Exchequer, which did regularly give their Orders according to the Act; but the Necessity Vof.. fX.

of Affairs required it, as his Majesty signified. to both Houses at the Opening of this Sessions.

" 1. The Army was continued; which induced the House of Commons to propose an Indemnity to all such as have since continued in Arms: And this is not only a Reason for our Amendment, but ad Answer to the First Reason of the House of Commons upon this Point."

" 2. The First Part of the Second Reason is answered in our former Reasons. As for the latter Part*

" That the Lords have not altered any such Disposition made in a Supply granted by the Commons" (wherein the Lords cannot charge their Memories'); yet their lordships do herein but claim the Exercise of that Rightthey have to make Alterations according to their Judgments."

" 3. That, the Matters being agreed on by them, it rests on Them to satisfy us where that General Clause is, to which they refer (the Want of the Know ledge whereof is the Reason w e do not agree with them); that we may consider whether it doth the intended Work effectually."

" To the Reason concerning Colonel the Lords

agree."

" The Lords insist upon their Amendments against the following Reasons offered by the Commons; because they conceive the effectual Disbanding of the Army is secured, as they have amended the Bill; and because, to have passed the Bill in this Particular, as the Commons sent it up, would have invaded the King’s declared Power and Authority to have raised or employed this Army upon any other Emergency; and disabled him from filling up the standing Troops and Companies of his Guards, or furnished his Islands out of any of those Men alter they are disbanded: Which is likewise a main Reason, Why the Lords could not consent to make the Penalty of Felony so extensive, as to reach any so employed."

" And we do insist for leaving out the Preamble to the Clause of Indemnity; because of the Necessity there was for the Army's Continuance, which we have mentioned in a former Reason: And, for the same Reason, we insist upon the Word " such" depending upon That Amendment of their Lordships; and so upon the following Amendments depending upon this Clause."

" That, concerning the Indemnity, being limited by the Commons to Officers and Soldiers, the Lords thought fit to enlarge it to all other Persons; it being a Work ot Mercy; and no Officer impeached or questioned for Breach of the former Act: And, for the same Reason, they insist upon their Tw o last Amendments."

The Amendments being read;

And the Question being severally put, For agreeing to them;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That the Members that managed the Conference, do withdraw, and consider of Reasons to be offered at a Free Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, Why this House have disagreed with the Lords in several’of their Amendments to the Bill for disbanding the Army.

Resolved, &c. That this House w ill sit this Afternoon. Houu to lit

Resolved, Sec. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to P. M. acquaint them, That this House has resolved to sit this Afternoon; and to desire their Lordships will do the like: And that Mr. Bennet do go up with the Message:

Resolved, Sec. That the Committee, appointed to pre- Impeach-pare and draw up the Articles of Impeachment against the »ents of the Lords, do inspect the Journals, and consider of the Pre- <*ve cedents touching Proceedings upon Impeachments; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

7 D Post

Conference desired with Lords.

a 8° — 3 o° Decembris.

A. 1678.

Post Meridiem.

D ESOLVED, 8cc. That Mr. Wharton do go up to the Lords; and desire a free Conference, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Mr. Wharton acquaints the House, That the Lords have agreed to a present Free Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Conference, do attend and manage the Free Conference.

Which they accordingly did.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, SO* die Decembr1678.

Prayers.

AMES SAGE from the King by Sir Car- Message to

teret. Usher of the Black Rod; attend the

Mr. Speaker, Km&

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Lords.

And accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Parl*&ment up to attend his Majesty in the House of Lords: Where prorogM his Majesty was pleased to prorogue both Houses of Parliament until the Fourth Day of February next.

He

THB

Membera take Oaths.

( 567 )

J o u THE R N A L S APT TT T?

HOUSE OF 1 FI h of COMMONS.

* t

* A Bill touching reversing Outlawries in the King’s Outlawries.

Bench, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Committees.

Martis, 18° die Martii, 1678.

PltAYE as.

THE House being set, the Members that had not already taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and subscribed the Declaration contained in the Act, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King’s Person and Government, by hindering Papists to sit in either House of Parliament, proceeded in the doing thereof. Vol. IX.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That upon all Double Returns of Members, D0ut, ie re-none do sit, till their Returns be determined, excepting turn, such pnly as are returned in all Indentures,

Ordered,

5^8

i8d — ip°

1678.

oi°Privikaes, Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections Election, or Matter of Privilege of any Member, he jg to ’ be appointed of these Persons following, viz. Sir William withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate.

EUis, Sir Nick.Carexv, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Nosworthy, Sir

Robert Carr, Sir Joseph Trcdenha Sir Gilbert Gerrard,

Sir Richard Graham, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Savage, Sir Trevor Williams,'in Hugh Bet hell, Mr. Booth, Sir /

Yonge, Mr. Pozvle, Mr. ElzcesjSir Drake, Mr.

Fagge, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hamden, Sir John Carcw, Sir George Dozening, Sir Robert Peyton, Mr. Lord

Ancram, Sir Francis Russell, Serjeant Street, Mr. lios-covoen. Sir Jiich. Pcdley, Mr. Sir William Port-

man, M*. Earle, Mr. Trefusis,^ir.'Ckeizeyn, Mr.

Sir John knight, Sir Gervase Sir 7 ’ho. Stringer, Sir

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die Martii, 1678.

P*A? EKS.

MR. Serjeant Maymard, being elected to *rve both Beralito* far the Borough of Plymmth, and the Borough Writ. John Fagge, Mr Ayliffe, Mr. Reynall, Mr. Swinjen, Mr. of Beratslon in the County of Cornwall, made his Election

Hide, Sir John Femvic/c, Sir Ralph Delavall, Mr. Courtney, to serve for the Borough of Plymouth.

Sir George Speake, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Kendall, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant

Mr. Gray, Colonel Sandys, Sir Thomas Plaire, Mr IVogatt, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for

Mr. Henry Trenchard, Sir Nevil Catelinc, Mr. Vaughan, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia Sir John Clozcberrow, Sir John Coventry, Mr. Wharton, ment for the Borough of Beralston.

Mr. Paul Foley, Sir William Hicktnan, Sir Anthony Irby,

Sir Philip Egerton, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. William Bos- Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed to in- Matten cozeen, Mr. Bur del, Lord Annesley, Mr. Parker, Mr. spect the Joumalsof the last Session of the last Parliament; depending Lucy, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Gerrard, Lord Russell, Mr. and to prepare and draw up a State of the Matters then ^Session. Greenvile, Sir Henry Seymour junior, Mr. Butler, Mr. depending and undetermined, and the Progress that was Mansell, Lord Cavendish, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir James made therein; and report the same to the House To*

Rashout, Lord Morpeth, Sir John Trenchard, Sir Chris, morrow Morning.

Colthorpe, Sir Hugh Owen, Mr. James, Mr. William And it is referred to the Master of the Rolls, Serjeant Corrington, Sir Robert Dillington, Mr. Thomas Foley, Sir Maynard, Sir Sir Sir

William Francklyn, Mr. Whitehead, Lord Denicourt, Sir Winn Sir Fran. Russell, Sir Gilbert Gerrard,

Robert Thomas, Sir John Hot ham, Mr. Whit acre, Mr. Colonel Birch, Mr. Patvle, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir Trevor Vernon, Mr. John Hamden, Mr. Tinges, Col. II hit ley, Williams, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel lit us, Sir Mr. Nathan Knight, Sir John Boztyer, Sir Humphry Mon- Henry Capcll, Sir Carew, Sir Sir

nocks, Sir Thomas Bellott, Sir James Long, Mr. Morgan, Eliah Harvey, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir

Burt:

0Kl

\\J

be;:

y;vt'j

tied

Walter Clarges, Mr. Arthur Onslow, Sir John Talbolt, Sir Mr. Pelham; or any Five of them: And they are to

TT____rjy» T 7’ i* C‘ U XJ 1\ IT. . .1 J . rr^i r .1 1

Henry Thompson, Lord Fairfax, Sir Waller Family, Mr Deane, Mr. Dunch, Sir Sydney WorMr. Writ. Cooke,

Sir Patience Ward, Mr. llortforMr. Mr.

Tregonell, Mr. Freke, Sir James Mr. Henry

JVallop, Sir Anthony Deane, Sir Richard Haddock, Dr. Fdesbury, Mr. Chafen, Mr. PSir

meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Sir John Hobart Baronet, complaining Norfolke of the undue Election and Return of Sir Christopher Election. Calthorpe and Sir Nevil Cateline, as Knights of the Shire

Colonel Mildmay, Sir Edward Dcering, Mr. Broome for the County of Norfolke; and of many undue Practices Whoncood, Sir Charles Gazcdy, Sir Thomas Clarges, Lord and Threats used by the Lord Lieutenant and Under Huntingtozvre, Mr. Rich. Onslozc, Mr. Booth, 'Sir Richard Sheriff of the said County of Norfolke, and one John Cast, Mr. Edward Russell, Sir Tho. Reyncll, Mr. If ebb, Hurton, to the Petitioner’s Injury; was read.

Sir Roger Norwich, Mr. Beake, Sir John Lozcther, Mr. Resolved, ike. That the Matter of the said Petition be

Dubois, Sir Wm. Poultney, Mr. If ithers, Mr. Edward heard at the Bar of this House, on Friday next come Three

P atheridge, Mr. Wadham Strangeways, Six Henry Good- Weeks: And that the High Sheriff and Under Sheriff

rick. Sir John Reresby, Sir John Banks, Mr. Herbert, of the said County, and be summoned to

U\i

Mr. Momon, Sir John Salusbury, Sir Mallet, Colonel

Kirby, Mr. Pilkington, Mr. Gerrard Russel, Mr.

Sir John Bramston, Colonel Legg, Mr. Sir

Rich. Head, Lord Castleton, Mr. Bros holme, Mr

St. John, Sir Scroops How, Mr. Barnet: And all that

attend this House, at the Hearing of the said Cause.

A Petition of Henry Herbert, complaining of an undue Bewdly Return of Philip Foley Esquire, to serve in this present Election. Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Bewdly in the come are to have Voices: And they are to meet To- County of Worcester, in injury of the Petitioner, was read, morrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock in the Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to Speaker’s Chamber; and every Monday, If ednesday, and the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Friday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same,

Place before mentioned; and to take into their Con- with their Opinions therein, to the House, sideration all such Matters as shall or may come in

Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Ea*t

and to proceed upon Double Returns in the First Place; in the County of Sussex, complaining of an undue Return Grimsteid and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions made by the Baihff of the said Borough of Two Persons ^ect‘on-therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Per- to serve in this present Parliament as Burgesses for the sons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen said Borough, not elected by the Inhabitants; and refusing Days next; and so within Fourteen Days after any new to return Henry Powle Esquire, whom the Petitioners Return shall be brought in: And the said Committee is did duly elect, in Injury of the Petitioners; was read, to have Power to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred ta and Records, for their Information. And all Members, the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, their Elections, by this Day Three Weeks, for which with their Opinions therein, to the House, of the Places they will serve; provided there be no

Question upon the Return for that Place. And, if any A Petition of Wm. Scroggs Esquire, eomplaining of an Ditto.

Thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, undue Return of Eduard Sackvile Esquire, to serve in

24 this

Corii

St,

ti

It

ft

sr

it

'r

il

Qt

ii

ir

ir

ir

o.

r,

0

ie

2 k

rfc

31 Car. II. 190 Martii.

Buckingham

Election.

A1 borough Election-

this present Parliament for the Borough of EastGrinsted A Petition of Sir John Shorter Knight, and Thomas Southwark in the County of Sussex, in Injury of the Petitioner, who Smith Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Sir Election,

was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was Richard Howe Knight, and Peter Rich Esquire, to serve read. in this present Parliament as Burgesses for the Borough

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to of Southwark in the County of Surrey, in the Injury of the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ought to have Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, been returned, was read.

with their Opinions therein, to the House. Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to

the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and A Petition of Sir Peter Tyrrill Baronet, complaining Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, of an undue Return, made by the Bailiff of Buckingham, with their Opinions therein, to the House, of Sir Richard Temple Barouet, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Town and Borough of A Petition of Sir Charles Windham Knight, complain- Southampton

Buckingham, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly ing of an undue Return of Thomas Esquire, to faction,

elected, and returned by the Sheriff of the County of serve in this present Parliament, as Burgess for the Town Bucks, into the Crown Office, was read. and County of Southampton, in injury of the Petitioner,

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Resolved, c. That the said Petition be referred to Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, the C ons.deration of the Committee of Privileges and with their Opinions therein, to the House. Elections; to examine the Matter; and reportthe same,

with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Godfrey Copley Baronet, complaining of an undue Practice used by the High Sheriff of the A Petition of Sir Lcuis Palmer Baronet, complaining Higham County of Yorke, in returning Sir John Rereshy Baronet, of an undue Return of Sir Rice Rudde Baronet, to serve to serve in this present Parliament as burgess for the in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough oi Borough of A thorough in the said County of Yorke, in Higham Ferrers in the County of Northampton, \n Injury Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to

to have been returned..... have been returned, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to

the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and the Consideration of the Committee ol Privileges and Elections: Who are to examine the Matter; and to Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Seaford A Petition of Edward Selwyn Esquire, complaining

Election. Gf an undue Return of Herbert Stapley Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Seaford in the County of Sussex, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Lamot Hollywood, complaining of Malden an undue Return of Sir John Braiuston Knight, to serve Election, in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Malden in the County of Essex, in Injury to the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

e

5

T

n

e

e

0

efc t k

1

lu

1 Gr.fi2 , Ei«:;

Dii*.

Siiltasb

Election.

A Petition of Richard Carew and Wm. Jenncns, Esquires, complaining of an undue Return of Bernard Greenvile, and Nich. Courtney, Esquires, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgesses for the Borough of Salt ash in the County of Cornwall, in Injury of the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to exame the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Corse Castle A Petition of Sir Nathanael Napier Knight and Baronet, Election. complaining of an undue Return of Peregrine Lord

blaine, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Corse Castle, in the County of to

the Petitioner’s Wrong and Injury, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned ..

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

New Windsor A Petition of Richard Winwood and Samuel Starkey Election. Esquires, complaining of an undue Return of Sir

Ernie Knight, and John Powney Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgesses for the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks, in Injury of the Petitioners, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Vol. IX.

A Petition of Edward Lloyd Esquire, complaining of Montgomery undue Practices used by the Bailiffs, in Electing and Re- Election, turning of Matthew Price Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Montgomery in the County of Montgomery, in Injury of the Petitioner,

who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Duke Esquire, complaining of Ashburton an undue Return of William Stowell Esquire, to serve in Election, this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Ashburton in the County of Devonin Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Mansell Esquire, complaining Brecon of an undue Practice used by the Bailiff of Brecon, in re- Election, turning John Jeffreys Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Brecon in the County of Brecon, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and is returned by another Indenture affixed to the Writ, and filed in the Crown Office, was read.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

7 E A Petition

Rochester

Election,

P e rwick Election.

Shoreham

Election.

Portsmouth

Election.

fVh-.-'br

Oardiffe

Election.

Rastlow

Election.

570 19* Marti*. 1678.

A Petition of Sir Francis Clerks Knight, complaining A Petition of Sir Matthew Andrews Knight, com- Shaftwbwy of an undue Return of Sir John Banks Baronet, to serve plaining of an undue Return of Mr. ,to serve Election,

in this present Parliament as Citizen for the City of in this present Parliament as Burgess for toe Borough of Rochester, in Injury of toe Petitioner, was read. Shaft alias' Shaftesbury in the County of Dorset, in Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and to have been returned, was read.

Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to with their Opinions therein, to the House. toe Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and

Elections; to examine toe Matter thereof; and report A Petition of Daniel Collingwood Esquire, complaining the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House,

of an undue Return of Ralph Gray Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as One of the Burgesses for the A Petition of Wm. Spencer Esquire, complaining of an Lancaabin Town of Berwick upon Tweede, in Injury of toe Peti- undue Election and Return of Peter Bolt Esquire, to serve Election, tioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been in this present Parliament as Knight for the Shire for the returned, was read. County of Lancaster, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read, the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and with their Opinions therein, to the House. Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report

the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Shoreham in the County of Sussex, complaining of A Petition of Henry Chevers Esquire, complaining of Caine undue Practices used by the Constable of the said an undue Return of Sir George Hungerjord and Walter Election. Borough, in the Electing and Returning Robert Fagge Nor borne Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as

Esquire, and John Cheale Gentleman, to serve in this Burgesses for the Borough of Caine in the County of present Parliament as Burgesses for the said Borough, to Wilts, in Injury of the Petitioner, was read, the great Wrong and Injury of the Petitioners, w ho did Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to duly elect Sir Anthony Deane Knight, and the said Robert the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Fagge, who ought to have been solely returned, was read. Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report Resolved, 8cc. That the said Petition be referred to the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House, the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and

Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, A Petition of Alexander Rigby Esquire, complaining Wiggon with their Opinions therein, to the House. of an undue Return of Charles Earl of Ancram, to serve Election.

in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of A Petition of John Peachy Esquire, complaining of an Wiggon in the County of Lancaster, in Injury of the undue Return of Sir John KempthomeKnight, to serve Petitioner, was read.

in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to Portsmouth in the County of Southampton, to the Peti- the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and tioner’s Wrong and Injury, who was duly elected, and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report ought to have been returned, was read. the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and A Petition of Thomas Owen Esquire, complaining of Haverfoni Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, an undue Practice used in the Returning of Will. Wogan with their Opinions therein, to the House Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess

for the Town and County of West, in Injury

A Petition of Edw. Philips and Rob. Hunt Esquires, of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, was read, complaining of an undue Return of Wm. Strode and John Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to Speake Esquires, to serve in this present Parliament as the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Burgesses for the Borough of Ilchester in the County of Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report Somerset, in Injury of the Petitioners, was read: Who the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

(as they alledge) were duly returned.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred A Petition of John Esquire, complaining of Caine

to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and an undue Return of Sir George Hungerford, and Walter Election. Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, Norborne Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as with their Opinions therein, to the House. Burgesses for the Borough of Caine in the County of

Wilts, to the Petitioner’s great Injury, was read.

A Petition of Thomas Stradling the younger Esquire, Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to complaining of an undue Return of Sir Robert Thomas the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Baronet, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report for the Town and Borough of Cardiffe in the County of the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. Glamorgan, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly

elected, and ought to have been returned, was read. A Petition of Wm. Strode, and Speake, Esquires, Ilchester

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to complaining of the undue Return of Edward Philips, Election, toe Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and and Robert Hunt, to serve in this present Parliament as Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, Burgesses for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of with their Opinions therein, to the House. Somersett; for that the Common Seal of the said Borough

was forcibly taken away from the Bailiff of the said A Petition of John Kendall Esquire, complaining of an Borough, and affixed to the Indentdre by which the undue Return of Sir Jonathan Trelawny Baronet, and said Edward Philips and Robert Hunt are returned;

Henry Seymour Esquire, to serve in this present Par- whereas the Petitioners are returned by the Bailiff, who liament as Burgesses for the Borough of Eastlow in the is the proper Officer capable of making Returns; was County of Cornwall, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was read.

duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read. Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to Resolved, 8cc. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, same, with their Opinions therein, to the House, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

25 A Petition

"I*

lk

li

t;

ci

0\

t)

ui

ie

to

ni

on

k

lr'k

si

7

o

Montgomery’

Election.

Undue Practices at Elections.

T regony Writ.

Address for a Fast.

Westminster

Election.

31 Car. II.

19* — ao° Mart it.

57*

A Petition of Matthew Price Esquire, complaining of A Petition of Robert Folding Esquire, chaining of gentry

an undue Return of Captain Edward Lloyd, to serve as unjust and partial Proceedings, and unwamot^bl^ Pracr Burgess for the Town of Montgomery, in the County of tices, used by the Sheriffs of the County and City of Montgomery; whereas the Petitioner is duly returned Coventry, in Electing and Returning of Major Beake, and by the proper Officers; was read. Richard Hopkins Esquire, to serve in this present Parlia-

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the went as Citizens for the said City, in Injury of the Petitioner; who had been chosen by the Majority of Votes, had it not been for such Proceedings; was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the Hou$e-

The House taking Notice of several Complaints in the Petitions this Day read, of divers Misdemeanors and undue Practices, in Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Officers, in the Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do examine and make a special Report of all Miscarriages, and undue Practices, in Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, or other Officers, concerned in the Returning of Members elected to serve in Parliament; as likewise, of all undue Practices, fetters, Promises, Threats, or Oppression, in any Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

A Petition of Robert Deering Esquire, complaining, New Radnor that although he was duly elected to serve for the Town E,ech°n. of New Radnor; yet the Bailiff of the Town, combining with Sir Edward Harley, had by an Indenture returned the said Sir Edward Harley; but that the same was not returned by the Sheriff; and praying the Justice the House therein; was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account of the Writ for Radnorshire.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of Lla- Montgomery nidloes, Poole, and Llanvilling, in the County of Montgo- ^ect’on‘

may, complaining of an undue Practice used by the Bailiff of the Town of Montgomery, in not giving timely Notice to the Inhabitants of the said Boroughs, of the Election; and, upon the Day of Election, excluding the Petitioners from being polled, who had agreed to give their Votes for Edw. Lloyd Esquire, but the said Bailiff, being influenced

yovis, 20° die Martii, 1678-9*

Prayers.

/y R O E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his

Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a

new Writ, for the electing of a Member to serve in this _ __

present 1 arlianicnt for the Borough of Tregony in the by some great Persons of the Neighbourhood, returned County of Cornwall, in the room of Robert Boscawen to serve in this present Parliament

Lsquue, deceased. a8 Burgess for the said Town, notwithstanding the Peti-

Resolved, Sec. That an humble Address be made to his tioners, who were the far greater Number, unanimously Majesty, to desire his Majesty to appoint a Day far a made Choice of the said Echo. Lloyd, to the great Injury solemn Fast and Humiliation. of the Petitioners; and praying, that the said Edw. Lloyd

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Player, Sir John may either have the Benefit of their Voices, or that the Knight, Mr. Dubois, Sir JVm. Poultney, Colonel Birch, Election may be made void; was read Sir Tho. C/erges, Colonel Mildmay, Sir Robert Atkins, TUt °n'A

Newport

Election.

Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Onslow, or any Three of them, to draw up and prepare the said Address.

A Petition of Sir Philip Matthews, Baronet, and Sir William Waller Knight, complaining of undue Practices used by the Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the Electing and Returning of Sir Stephen For and Sir William Poultney, to serve in this present Parliament as Citizens for the City of Westminster, in Injury of the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Maurice Merchant, complaining of an undue Return of John Coryton, Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as One of the Burgesses for the Borough of Newport in the County of Cornwall, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Bridgewater

Election.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir Francis Winnington reports from the Committee Motions de-appointed to inspect the Journal of the last Session of the 5*^"® last last Parliament, and to prepare and draw up a State of the es8wm' Matters then depending and undetermined; and the Progress that was made therein: That the Committee had agreed upon a Report: Which he made in his Place: But that the same, by reason of the Shortness of Time, was not reduced into Writing.

And a Debate being in the House thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That the said Report be re-committed, upon the Debate of the House; and to be brought in, in Writing, to the end the same may beentered in the Journal.

Resolved, Sec. That a Committee of Secrecy be appointed Committee to take Informations, and prepare Evidences, and draw up Articles against the Lords that are impeached, and are pjot> now in the Tower-, and to take such further Informations as shall be given, relating to the Plot and Conspiracy against his Majesty and the Government, and the Murder of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey.

And it is referred to Mr. Trenchard, Sir ton, Sir Thomas Meeres, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Sachaverell,

A Petition of Ralph Staywell Esquire, complaining of Colonel Titus, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Tho.Stringer, Serjeant an undue Return of Sir Francis Rolle, to serve in this Ellis, Sir 7 Lee, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Powle, Mr. present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Bridge- Seymour, Mr. Sir Tho. Player, or any Three of

water in the County of Somerset, in Injury of the Pe- them: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Pa-titioner, who was duly elected, and also returned, to serve pers, and Records; and to sit de die in diem.

for the said Borough, was read

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of Privileges und Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, ,to the House.

Vor.. DC

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do send a Letter to Mr. of

Williams, and the rest of the Members of the Long Robe Robe su[u. that are now gone the Circuit, to summon them to attend moned. the Service of the House.

Ordered,

ir

S72

20° — 2i° Martii.

A. 1678.

Popish Plot. Ordered, That Doctor Tongue, Mr. Oates, and Mr.

Bedlow, be summoned to attend at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, to give such Informations as they can concerning the Plot.

Proceedings of Lords on Impeachments.

Earl Danby’s Impeachment.

Address for a Fast.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, and see what Resolutions have been there taken in Matters of Impeachment.

And it is referred to Mr. Sach Sir Fra. ton, Colonel Birch, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Pawle, Sir Tho. Meers, Sir John Mallet, Sir John Knight, Colonel Titus, or any Three of them.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Impeachment of High Treason exhibited against Thomas Earl of Danby, in the Name of the Commons of England; and to desire, that he may be forthwith committed to safe Custody.

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee of Secrecy, to draw up further Articles against Thomas Earl of Danby.

Veneris, 21° die Martii, 1678. Prayers.

SIR Thomas Clerges reports from the Committee appointed to draw up and prepare an Address to be presented to his Majesty, for appointing a solemn Day of Humiliation, An Address agreed by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and, upon the Question, agreed: And is as followeth;

WE Your Majesty’s Most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the

Commons in this present Parliament assembled, being deeply sensible of the sad and calamitous Condition of this Your Majesty’s Kingdom, occasioned chiefly by the impious and malicious Conspiracies of a Popish Party; who ' have not only plotted and intended the Destruction of Your Majesty’s Royal Person, but the total Subversion of the Government, and true Religion established amongst us (all which our many and grievous Sins havejustly deserved); and being now, by Your gracious Favour, assembled in Parliament, as the great Council of Your said Kingdom, to consult on such Means, as we conceive fittest to redress the manifold Evils wherewith the Nation is surrounded; do, in all Humility, beseech Your Majesty, That, by Your Royal Proclamation One or more Days may be solemnly set apart, wherein both ourselves, and all Your Majesty’s loyal Subjects, may, by Fasting and Prayers, seek a Reconciliation with Almighty God; and, with humble and penitent Hearts implore Him, by his Power and Goodness to infatuate and defeat the wicked Councils and Imaginations of our Enemies; and continue His Mercies, and the Light of his Gospel, amongst us, and our Posterities: And particularly to bestow His abundant Blessings upon Your Sacred Majesty, and this present Parliament; that our Consultations and Endeavours may produce Honour, Safety, and Prosperity, to Your Majesty, and Your People.

Ordered, That Sir Thom. Clerges do carry up the same to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Liberty of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Subject. better securing the Liberty of the Subject.

Radnor

Return.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown be called in, to give an Account touching the Return for Radnor.

And the Clerk of the Crown being called in; acquainted the House, That there was no Return for the Town of Radnor affixed to the Writ, but a Return for the County only.

And one Mr. Ostland being called in; informed the House, That he had an Indenture, which he was directed by the Sheriff to annex to the Writ; and that he had tendered the same to the Clerk of the Crown.

And the Indenture being brought up to the Table;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do affix the Precept and Indenture to the Writ for Radnor.

Which he accordingly did.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Return for the Bridgewater Borough of Bridgwater, be referred to the Committee of ElectiotL Elections: And that it be the first Cause to be heard before the Committee this Afternoon.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Westminster Westminster complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir ElectW111 phen Fox and Sir William Poul to serve in this present Parliament as Citizens for the City of Westminster, in Injury of the Petitioners, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Kendall Esquire, complaining of Westlow undue Practices used by John the Younger, Election.

Mayor of the Borough of Westlow alias in

returning John Trelaxcny Esquire, the Elder, to serve in this present Parliament as One of the Burgesses for the said Borough by One Indenture, and procuring himself to be returned by another Indenture; contrary to the Standing Orders of this House, and in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by the major Part of the Inhabitants, and ought to have been returned; was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Jonathan Edwyn, living at the Three Publication Roses in Redcross-street, be immediately sent for, to give of cert*in the House an Account, by what Authority he published PamPlll(ts-the Two Pamphlets, the One intituled, " a Letter from a Jesuit in Paris to his Correspondent in London; shewing the most effectual Way to ruin the Government, and the Protestant ReligionAnd the other intituled, " Two Letters from Mr. Mount ague to the Lord Treasurer, the One of the Eleventh, the other of the Eighteenth of January 167^., which were read in the House of Commons; together with the Lord Treasurer’s Speech," 8$c.

Sir Tho. Meers reports from the Committee of Pri- Buckingham vileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Return for Election, the Town of Buckingham: That the Committee had taken the same into Consideration; and had agreed upon a Report to be made to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; and is as followeth; viz.

The Precept is directed to the Bailiff of the Borough of Buckingham: To which there is affixed Two Indentures, both dated the Tenth Day of February, Anno 310 nunc. One of them is made between the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough and Parish of , of the

One Part; and Thomas Edgerly Esquire, Sheriff of the County aforesaid, of the other Part; wherein Edxvard Viscount Lattimer, and Sir Peter Tyrrell, Baronet, are

returned; and the Common Seal is affixed thereto:

Upon which Indenture is indorsed thus:

The Common Seal within mentioned was put to this present Indenture, by and with the Consent of George Carter Gentleman, Bailiff for the Time being, and the major Part of the principal Burgesses of Buckingham within mentioned, in the Presence of

Henty Bridges,

Deput. Sen’lum.

The other Indenture is made between the same Parties; and therein is returned Edu ard Viscount Lattimur, and Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet; wherein it is mentioned, That the Common Seal of the said Town and the Seals of the Bailiff and Burgesses, are set; and to the said Indenture is Seven Seals affixed, but not the Common Seal: And there are Six Names subscribed thereto,

whereof

P<iV(

Elect

Eetm

Popi

Pr«

uun

U

Da

PifH

by

i Car. II. a i0 — !!’Marti. 573

whereof George Carter Bailiff is one; but there is no Indorsement on that Indenture.

Whereupon the Committee agreed upon the Resolution following; vis.

Resolved, &. c. That the Indenture wherein Eduard Viscount Lattimer, and Sir Peter Tyrrell Baronet, are returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Buckingham is well and truly returned, and by the proper Officer; and that thereupon they ought to sit in this present Parliament, as well returned for the Borough of Buckingham.

Resolved, ike. That this House doth agree with the Committee, that the Indenture wherein Eduard Viscount Lattimer, and Sir Peter Tyrrell Baronet, are - returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Buckingham, is well and duly returned, and by the proper Officer; and that thereupon they ought to sit in this present Parliament, as well returned for the Borough of Buckingham.

Dover A Petition of John Strode Esquire, complaining of an

Election. undue Return made by Mr. Stokes, the present Mayor of T)over, of Himself, to serve in this preseut Parliament as One of the Barons for the Port of Dover, in Injury of the Petitioner, who is duly elected, and returned to serve for the said Port, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Birmingham Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend To-

Return. morrow Morning; and do take off the Tile the Indenture wherein Eduard Viscount Lattimer, and Sir Richard Temple, are returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Buckingham.

Popish Plot. Dr. Tongue being then called in, gave his Information concerning the Plot.

Mr. Oates being also called in, gave his Information; touching the Pot; and did likewise give an Intormation

...against Thomas Earl of and also, against Mr.

Sack'dle, Mr. Goreing, and Sir John Robinson, Three of the Members of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Oates do, on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock, bring his Witnesses to the Bar of the House, to prove the Information given by him this Day against Sir John Robinson, Mr. Sackvile, and Mr. Goreing, Three of the Members of this House: And that the said Members do then attend in their Places.

Ordered, That Mr. Or/to1 his Information against77/o?/m Earl of Danby, for discouraging the King’s Evidence, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Secrecy.

Ordered, That Mr. Oates do transmit into this House a Copy of his Information, relating to the Plot, delivered by him this Day at the Bar of this House; to the end the same may be entered in the Journal.

Persons to Ordered, That Mr. Hills and Mr. Ednyn do attend attend, at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account touching the Two Pamphlets.

Orders of the Ordered, That the Orders of every Day be read the Day. next Morning, before any other Business.

Popish Plot. Mr. Bcd/oro being called in, and having given his Information touching the Plot, did likewise deliver the same, in Writing, to the Clerk of the House.

Add mss for Resolved, See. That an humble Address be made to his

Reward to Majesty, by such Members of the House as are of his Sir*e'God- ^fajestvs Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, that the frey’s Mur- Five hundred Pounds Reward, promised, by his Majesty der. in his Royal Proclamation, for the Discovery of the

Murder of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey, may be forthwith paid to Mr. Bedim c,who this House is satisfied to be the First Discoverer thereof: And that his Majesty will be further graciously pleased to give Order, That the Twenty Pounds Reward, for the Discovery of every Priest, may be effectually paid to the Discoverer.

Vo l.IX.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be made to his Addrws re- Majesty, to desire his Majesty, That the Care of Mr.

Bed lows Safety may be immediately recommended to his Grace the Duke of Monmouth: And that the Lord Cavendish, Mr. Rou te, Sir Henry Mr. Booth, Sir

Robert Carr, Sir William Port man, Sir Ernie, do attend his Majesty with the Address.

The Lord Cavendish reports. That they had attended Answer his Majesty with the Address: And that his Majesty was thereto-pleased to return Answer, That he had hitherto taken all the Care he could of Mr. Redice \ and that he knew how considerable his Evidence was: And that he would see hereafter, that he Should want for nothing: And that he would be responsible for him, whilst he remained in Whitehall-, but that he could not be answerable for him, when he went Abroad.

Mr. Everard being called in, gave in his Information Popish Plot, of the Knowledge of the Plot.

Ordered, That Mr. Everard do put his Narrative, this Day made, into Writing; and present it to the House on Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbali,2'P die Murtiil(j?8.

P K a y k it s.

THE Clerk of the Crown being called in, did, ac- Buckingham cording to the Order of the House, take off the Return File the Indenture wherein Edward Viscount amendeth

and Sir Richard Temple, are returned to serve in this present Parliament lor the Town of Buckingham.

A Petition of Sir Lionel Jl olden, complaining of an Huntington undue Return of Mr. Sydney Wort fey, to serve in this Election, present Parliament as One of the Burgesses for the Borough of Huntington, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Common Couneilmen and Inhabit- Devize* ants of the Devizes in the County of I Tilts, complaining Election, of undue and illegal Practices used by the Mayor of the said Borough, in Electing and Returning of Sir Edward Boynton; and Sir H alter Earnly, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgesses of the said Borough, in Injury of the Petitioners, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opiiiions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Debate Securing of the 1 louse, to secure the King and Kingdom against King, &c. the Growth and Danger of Popery. peamst

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Clarges, Serjeant ot> *'* Maynard, Mr. Williams, Sir Trevor Mr. Thi/n,

Mr. Porwle, Mr. Stone, Sir U rn. PSir Tho. Lee, Colonel Birch, Sir John Knight, Sir Joseph Tredenham,

Mr. Trenchard, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Robert Carr, Mr.

Sachavcretl, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Seymour, Mr.

Hamden, Sir Henry Caverty, or any Five of them, to prepare the said Bill; and present the same to the House.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That his Answer to Majesty had been attended with tl »e Address ol this House, Addres*. relating to the Five hundred Pounds Reward, to be paid to Mr. Bcdlow, for discovering the Murder of Sir

bury Godfrey (who this House was satisfied to be the first Discoverer thereof); anti also, for paying Twenty Pounds for the Discovery of every Priest, which his Majesty had promised in his late Royal Proclamation: And his J v Majesty

Message to at tend the King.

The King’s Speech reported.

Lords reminded concerning Earl Danbj.

Lords desire Conference.

Inquiry concerning two Pamphlets.

Conference concerning Earl Dan by.

574 22* — ~24° Ma . 167&.

Majesty was graciously pleased to say, That the Five " I am commanded by the Lords to acquaint you, hundred Pounds Should be immediately paid; and that That their Lordships, having taken into Consideration his Promises Should be effectually performed.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Edward Carteret,

Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker, of coming to his Majesty’s Presence; and of all Offices

The King commands this honourable House to attend and Employments; and of receiving any Grants or Gifts him, immediately, in the House of Peers. from the Crown; and of sitting in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Re&c. That the Consideration of this Report up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers. be adjourned till Monday next.

Mr. Speaker, and the House, being returned; and OrThat a Committee be appointed to repair to Inquiry cm,. Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair; reports the Effect the Lord Chancellor, and the other Offices, to inquire ^ern‘ns of his Majesty’s Speech. into the Manner of suing forth the Pardon of Thomas ar ou'

Earl of Danby; and make their Report thereof to the Resolved, Nemine contradiecnte, That a Message be House, on Monday next, immediately sent, to remind their Lordships of the last And it is referred to Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Message, sent them from this House, relating to the Francis Winnington, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr.

Earl of Danby, and to demand, That Thomas Earl of verell, Mr. Poxcle; or any Three of them.

Danby may be forthwith sequestred from Parliament,

and committed to safe Custody. A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Low and Th*Kinga?.

Ordered, That the Ix»rd Anneslcydo carry up the Sir John; Pomlat01*

Alessage. Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to ac- otteB(W>

quaint you, That their Lordships have agreed to thfc Ad-A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn dress of this House to be presented to his Majesty, to de-and Sir William Bevcrshatn; sire Ids Majesty to appoint a Day for a general Fast and

Air. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference Humiliation. And the Lords of the White Staves having with this House, in the Painted Chamber. waited upon his Majesty to know his Pleasure w hen both

The Alessengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints Houses may attend him, his Majesty hath appointed . . , That this House would return their Lordships an both Houses to attend him on Monday next, at Three of Answer, by Alessengers of their own. the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Banqueting House.

Resolved, &c. That a Alessage be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them. That the House having received a Ales- And then the House adjourned till Monday

sage from their Lordships, whereby they desired a present Aloming, Eight of the Clock.

Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber; __________ —

That it is not agreeable to the Usage and Proceedings of

Parliament, for either House to send for a Conference, Luna, 24° die , 1678.

w ithout expressing the Subject Alatter of that Conference.

Ordered, That Air. Hamden do go up with this Ales- Prayers.

ge* A/TR. Harbord, being chosen to serve in this present Cuneiform

1V1 Parliament both for the Borough of Thetford in Writ.

Mr. Hills being called in, to give the House an Ac- the County of Norfolke, and for the Borough of Camel-count touching the Two Pamphlets, informed the House, j'ord in the County of Cornwall, made his Election to That he printed them, by Order of the Lord Treasurer, serve for

Ordered, lhat a Committee be appointed to consider Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant of the Two Pamphlets, which were printed by Air. Hills, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for for Air. Edxcyn, by Order of the Lord Treasurer; and the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-

to report their Opinions thereupon to the House. ment for the said Borough of

And it is referred to Air. Vaughan, Mr. Poulc, Air.

Seymour, Sir Patience Ward, Colonel Titus, Sir Win.Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth R*solutio» Poultney, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Clerges, declare, That they are fully satisfied, by the Proofs they Air. Duboys, Sir Tho. Player, Sir Rob. Peyton, Mr. Bos- have heard, that there now is, and for divers Years last pioUP cencen, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Trenehard, past hath been, a horrid and treasonable Plot and Con-

Colonel Birch, Sir Win. Poultney; or any live of them: spiracy, contrived and carried on by those of the Popish

And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Religion, for the Murdering of his Majesty’s Sacred Per-Clock in the Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wards. $on; and for subverting the Protestant Religion, and the

ancient and well-established G ovemment of this Kingdom.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Edward Loxo and Ordered, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired Sir John Francklyn; to this Vote: And that Sir John Guyes do go up to the

Air. Speaker, The Lords do desire a present Confer- Lords, to desire their Concurrence, ence with this House in the Painted Chamber, touching

Matters relating to the Earl of Danby. Sir reports from the Committee appointed Lords’Pro.

The Alessengers being withdrawn; to inspect the Journal of the Lords, and see what Resolu- Jeedi"?#*

Resolved, That this House will meet the Lords at a tiens had been there taken touching Impeachments, That -present Conference. they had inspected the Lords Journal; and had agreed

The Alessengers being called in; Air. Speaker acquaints upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and after-them, That this House doth agree to meet their Lord- wards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

6hips at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber. Resolved, &c. That the Reading and Consideration of Ordered, That Mr. Pawle, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Alai- the said Report be adjourned, till next, at

let, Sir77?o. Player, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Sachavcrell, Ten of the Clock.

Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Cavendish, Sir Tho. Clerges, Mr. Seymour, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Francis Winnington reports from the Committee ap- Pardon of

Colonel Birch, Sir Jos. Trcdenliam, Colonel Titus, Sir pointed to inquire into the Manner of suingforth the Par- Earl Danby. FrancisWinnington, do attend and manage the Conference. don for Thomas Earl of Danby, That the Committee had Air. Poxcle reports, That the Members appointed had attended the Lord Chancellor, and made Search in all attended the Conference: At which the Duke of Mon- Offices concerned in passing the King’s Letters Patents; mouth spake as followeth; and had agreed upon a Report; Which he read in his

Place;

Matters relating to the Earl of Danby, together with what his Majesty was pleased to say upon that Subject, have ordered, That a Bill be brought in, by which Thomas Earl of Danby may be made for ever incapable

y

ntfc

in fe

r*

I y.

It

31 Car. II.

24* Martii.

515

King’s

" My Lord Chancellor was pleased to say, That, at the very time of affixing the Seal to the Parchment, he did not look upon himself to have the Custody of the Seal."

" My Lord Chancellor concluded with This to the Committee; That lie took upon himself to know, that there was no Memorial in any Office whatsoever of this Pardon, from the Secretaries Office, until it came to his Lordship; but that it was a stamped Pardon by Creation."

Resolved, That a Message be Justice to b*

_______ sent to the Lords, to demand Justice, in the Name of the demanded

We likewise went to my Lord Sunderland's Office; Commons of England, against Thomas Earl of Dauby;

and Mr. Bridgman his Secretary assured 11s, that there and that he may be immediately sequestered from Par-was no Entry in that Office of any such Pardon: But liament, and committed to safe Custody.

’ ..... ’ Resolved, Sc. That an humble Address be made to his Address

Majesty, representing to his Majesty the Irregularity and r*P*ct"|& Illegality of the Pardon mentioned by his Majesty to be M "* granted to the Earl of Danby; and the dangerous Consequence of granting Pardons to any Persons that lie under an Impeachment of the Commons of England.

And it is referred to Sir William Coventry, Sir Fran.

Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

" The Committee, in Pursuance of the Order of the blouse, went to the several Offices where the Letters Patents always have, and ought to pass.’

" First, We went to Mr. Secretary Coventry's Office; and could find no Entry of any such Pardon there: And some of the Committee spoke with Mr. Secretary himself; who declared, that he knew nothing of the Passing the Pardon/’

the Committee not being satisfied with this, they resolved to attend my Lord Sunderland himself this Monday Morning: But my Lord was pleased to send to the Chairman the last Night, to inform the Committee, That he knew nothing of the Pardon."

" From thence the Committee went to the Offices of Signet and Privy Seal; and had an Account there, That there was no Entry or Memorial of any such Pardon."

" From thence the Committee went to my Lord Privy Seal: And his Lordship told us, That he never heard any Word of the Pardon until the Day the King was pleased to mention it in the House of Lords; and further said, That if any such Pardon had come to him, he would have very well considered, before he w ould have passed it."

" After this the Committee attended my Lord Chancellor: And he was pleased to acquaint the Committee, That, ps to the Pardon, he neither advised, drew, or altered One Word of it: And that the Truth of the Fact was thus: That my Lord Treasurer delivered it to him:

Winington, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho.

Clerges, Sir Henry Capdl, Sir Thomas Meers, Mr.

Garraway, Mr. Thyn, Mr. SachaverelColonel

Mr. Porj.de, Mr. Reynell, Serjeant Ellis, Mr.

Mr. Harbord, Sir William Poultney, or any Three of them; to prepare and draw up the same.

Resolved, See. That an humble Address be made to his Address fot Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Paper*. Majesty’s Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, That all j^Tpiot6 the Papers and Writings relating to the Discovery of the Plot, and particularly such Papers and Examinations as have been taken since the Prorogation of the last Parlia-

And, being asked by the Committee, Whether the Pardon ment, may be delivered to the Committee of Secrecy -extended to Impeachments; his Lordship answered, That appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment against it did; and had these general Words, " of all Treasons the Lords in the Tower.

and Crimes whatsoever;" together with the Words " omnia § omnimoda indictantenta, impetitiones ;" and those other Words, " Licet indictatus vel non indiclatus, impetitus vel non impetitus,<§c." And this was to extend

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy and Sir John Hoskins: from Lord*

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to let concerning to the Twenty-seventh of February last; and did bear the House of Commons know, That the Lords, taking Date the first of March instant." into Consideration the Message received from the House

" My Lord Chancellor further declared, That my of Commons on Saturday, That the Earl of might

Lord Treasurer desired to have the Pardon pass with all he sequestered from Parliament, and put into safe Cus-the Privacy in the World; and the Reason he gave was, tody, did this Morning, upon Debate, order, That the because he did not intend to make use of it, but stand Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod do forthwith take upon his Innocency, except false Witnesses Should be the said Earl into Custody, and him safely keep, till he produced against him; and then he would make use of it bring him to the Bar of their House Tomorrow Morning: at the last Extremity." And their Lordships thought fit to acquaint the House of

" After this my Lord Chancellor said, That he writ a Commons, That this was done, before they received the Letter to my Lord Treasurer; wherein he took Notice last Message to that Purpose, to his Lordship, That, in the first Place, the Service of

the King was to be considered; and, if his Lordship would Ordered, That the Matter of the Information against information take his Advice, he thought it was best to let the Pardon Mr* Henry a Member of this House, be ad- against

pass in the regular Course, that it might be publickly journed till Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, known, that so it might answer the End his Lordship Ordered, That the Consideration of the Information

against Sir John Robinson and Mr. Edward,

Two of the Members of this House, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Members.

intended; which was, to prevent the Resuming the Im peachment against his Lordship."

" The next Day after this Letter was sent, my Lord Chancellor declared to the Committee, That he met my Lord Treasurer at the Committee of foreign Affairs; where he gave my Lord Treasurer the same Advice as he gave in the Letter; which was, to dissuade his Lordship: Thereupon my Lord Treasurer said, That he had acquainted the King with the Contents of his Letter; and that his Majesty did declare, that he was resolved to have it done; which was, to pass the Pardon with all Privacy."

" Suddenly after this, the King commanded the Lord Chancellor to bring the Seal to which he did

to his own Lodgings; and, being the re, he laid it upon the Table: Thereupon his Majesty commanded the Seal to be taken out of the Bag; which his Lordship was obliged to submit to, it not being in his Power to hinder it: And the King writ his Name upon the Top of the Parchment; and then directed to have it sealed: Whereupon the Person that usually carried the Purse affixed the Seal to it."

Vo;.. IX.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair;

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee Committee*, of Secrecy, and the Committee appointed to draw up the Address representing to his Majesty the Irregularity and Illegality of the Pardon lately granted to the Earl of Danby, and the dangerous Consequence of granting such Pardons, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Wilts

Election.

Haverford

West

Election.

lords Answer to Message.

Message that Earl Danby had with-drawn.

Et solutions against a Member for discrediting the Plot

Attainder of Earl JDanby.

576 25°- — 26s Martii. A. 1679.

Martis, 25* die 1679-

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of Henry Cocker Knight,

Bennet Esquire, and others, Freeholders of the County of Wilts, on the Behalf of themselves, and the major Part of the Freeholders of the same County; complaining of undue and illegal Practices in the Sheriff of the said County, in electing and returning Sir Richard Grubham Haw, to serve in this present Parliament as Knight of the Shire for the said County, in Injury of the Petitioners; was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Bowen Esquire, Sheriff of the Town and County of Haverjord West, on the Behalf of himself and others; complaining of undue and illegal Practices in one Edward Hughs, pretended Sheriff of the said Town and County, in electing and returning William Wogan Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the said Town and County, in Injury of the Petitioner, and others the Inhabitants, who did duly elect Thomas Owen Esquire, to serve in Parliament as Burgess for the said Town, and returned him by Indenture under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of the Inhabitants; was read.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred 1o the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And they are to examine the Merits of the Return before the Matter of the Election; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That, as soon as they received the last Message, they did immediately and unanimously concur thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Baron Littleton and Baron Thurland;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint the House, That they sent to apprehend Thomas Earl of Danby, both to his House here in Town, and to his House at Wimbleton;and that the Gentleman Usher

of the Black Rod had returned their Lordships Answer, That he could not be found.

The House taking into Consideration the Matter of the Information given by Mr. Oates against Mr. Edward Saclcvile, a Member of this Flouse;

And the Witnesses being called in, and examined at the Bar of the House;

Resolved, See. That it does appear to this House, by Evidence this Uay given at the Bar, That Mr. Edward Sackvile, a Member of this House, has in several publick Discourses dishonoured and aspersed the King; and that he has gone about to make it be believed, that there is no Popish Plot, by vilifying and disparaging the Evidence given for the Discovery thereof, and contemning the Proceedings of Parliament thereupon; and endeavouring to stifle the Belief of the Murder of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey by the Papists.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Sackvile, a Member of this House, be committed to the Tower.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Sackvile be expelled this House.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, by such Members as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, for removing Mr. Edward Sackvile from all publick Employments and Trusts.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to summon Thomas Earl of Danby to render himself to Justice, by a Day to be therein limited; or, in Default thereof, to attaint him.

15

And it is referred to Mr. Powle, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Thomas Stringer, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Francis Wilmington,

Mr. Sachaverell, Serjeant Ellis, Sir 'Thomas Mares, Sir

Thomas Clerges, Sir William Toultney, or any 1 hree of

them, to prepare and draw up the same.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Information against Infonxmii Sir John Robinson, a Member of this House, be adjourned ai>al'"u till Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock: And that ‘leujucr' Mr. Oates and his Witnesses do then attend.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii,26° die Martii, 1679-

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir Thomas Baronet, and StEdmonda.

John Rotheram Esquire, complaining of an undue bg7 Return of Sir 1’homasHarvey Knight, and Thomas t!*CUou’ Jermin Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgesses for the Borough of in the County of Suffolke, in injury of the Petitioners, who were duly elected (as is certified by an Indenture signed and sealed by the Sheriff' of the County, and the major Part of the Inhabitants of the Town), but were refused to be returned by the Mayor of the Town, was read.

Resolved, ike. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Aldermen and Burgesses of the Denbigh Borough of Ruthin in the County of Denbigh, complain- Electa;* ing, that they, having Right to vote for the Electing ol a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Town of Denbigh, had no Notice of the Time or Place of the Election; but that the Inhabitants of the said Town had privately elected and returned Sir John Salusbury Baronet, to serve as Burgess for the said down; .

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Christopher Vane Fsquire, complaining Durham of undue and illegal Practices in the Sheriffs of the County tlecU,)"-Palatine of Durham, in the Electing and Returning Sir Robert Eden Baronet and John Tempest Esquire (and particularly, in setting at Liberty a great Number of Popish Recusants convict, in order to giving their Votes for the said Sir Robert Eden and 'Ilium Tempest'), in

Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, ..

Resolved, Nc. That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee he appointed to examine the Matter of the Misdemeanor of the High Sheriff of the County Palatine of Durham, in setting at Liberty so many Papists at the Time of the Election; and the Manner of doing it; and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Hamden, Sir Edmund Jennings, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Eden Colt,

Sir John Hotham, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Mr.

Wharton, Mr. Trench a id. Sir Gilbert Mr.

Tempest, Sir John Coventry, Sir Henry Sir John

Ernley, Mr. Stockdale, 'Sir Robert PeytoMr. Palmes,

Mr. Newport, Mr. Long, Sir George And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine the Inquiry con-Matter touching the Two Pamphlets printed by Mr. ‘)e,nlnStw0 by Order of the Lord Treasurer, he revived; and do sit lamPbcts-this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And that

- Mr.

3i Car. II.

%(>* — ij° Martiu

577

Mr Speaker to deliver to the said Committee the Origi- Chamber: And that they do take into Considei ation the nalsby which they were printed. - Judgment given in the Case of Sir Samuel Bamardiston.

\ Person to The House being informed, that Doctor John Nelson attend. was the Author of the Pamphlet, intituled, " A Letter from a Jesuit in Paris to his Correspondent in London; shewing the most effectual Way to ruin the Government and the Protestant Religion."

Ordered, That Doctor John Nelson be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to inform the House touching the said Pamphlet.

Kxpiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect J.aws. the Temporary Laws that will expire with this Sessions of Parliament; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Sir Anthony

Irby, Mr. Thyn, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Mallet, Colonel Birch, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Palmes, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Patience Ward, Sir Hugh Owen, Sir William Sir Philip

Skippon, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Eliah Harcy, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Parteridge, Sir Edmund Jennings, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir John Wyn, Lord Fairfax, Sir Ralph Delavall, Sir John Tredenham, Sir Roger Norwich, Mr. Sherwood, Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Watkinson Paytei', Sir John Newton, Sir John Hewley, Sir berry, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Herbert Croft, Sir Richard Grubham Howe, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Phil. Egerton, Mr. Garraway, Mr. Mildmay, Sir Robert Peyton, Mr. Thislctwaite, Colonel Deane, Sir George Downing, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Robert Thomas, Mr. Treby, Sir John Knight, Alderman Sir

Wm. Franckland, Mr. Mr. Sir Henry

Thompson, Sir Henry And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Attainder of A Bill to summon Thomas Earl of Danby to render him-

Eor) Dauby. self to Justice by a certain Day to be therein limited; or, in Default thereof, to be attainted; was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That this Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Informalities Ordered, That the Matter of Mr. Chetwyns Infonnation

against Sir Robert Southwell, a Member of this House, touching Mr. Dugdale's Evidence relating to the Discovery of the Murder of Sir Edmutidbury Godfrey, be heard at the Bar of this House on Friday next, the first Business.

A Petition of Robert Johnson, and others, on Behalf of several of the Freeholders of the County of Leicester; complaining of many undue and illegal Practices in the Sheriff, and other Persons of Quality of the said County, at the Election of John Lord Roos and Bennet Lord Sher-rard, to serve in this present Parliament as Knights of the Shire for the said County, in Injury of the Petitioners, who did duly elect Sir John Hartopp Baronet, to serve in Parliament as One of the Knights of the Shire for the said County; who ought to have been returned accordingly; was read.

Resolved, &c. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House on this Day Fortnight: And that the High Sheriff and Under Sheriff of the said County of Leicester do then attend.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the Debate of the House, to regulate the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

And it is referred to Mr. Hamden, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Roger Norwich, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Franc.Wimngton, Sir Wynn, Mr. Gang-

way, Sir Robert Deering, Mr. Freake, Colonel Birch, Sir John Talbot, Sir William Poultney, Serjeant Ellis, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Savage, Sir William Coventry, Serjeant' Maynard, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Reynell, Sir John Downey, Sir William Escourt, Sir Sir John Coventry, Mr. Tempest, Mr. , Sir Robert Markham,

Mr. Hopkins: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Vo l. IX.

concerning a Member.

Leicester

Election.

Regulating

Elections.

A Message From the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn Popish and Sir John Hoskins; . Recu9ants*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery and speedy Conviction of Popish Recusants: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Information against Information Sir John Robinson, a Member of this House, be ad-joumed till Saturday next: And that Mr. Oates ancLhis " era er’ Witnesses do then attend.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 27° Martii, 1679-

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke Banishing and Sir John Hoskins; - *jarl of Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, y"

An Act for banishing and disabling Thomas’Eaxl of Danby:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Popish An Act for the better Discovery and more speedy Con- Recusants, viction of Popish Recusants, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Richard Deerham Esquire, complaining Radnor of an undue Return of Sir Edward Harley, to serve in this E1*ction present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Radnor, in Injury of the Petitioner; was read.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition do lie upon the Clerk’sTable, till Mr. Deerham do come and own the same.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Expiring Temporary Laws that will expire with this Session of Law9, Parliament, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

A Bill to summon Thomas Earl of Danby to render him- Attainder of selfto Justice by a certain Day, to be therein limited; of, in Earl Danby' Default thereof, to attaint him; was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Wim'mgton, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Powle,

Colonel Titus, Lord Russell, Sir William Poultney, Mr.

Bennet, Sir Trevor Williams, Serjeant Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Mount ague,

Mr. Booth, Sir Robert Peyton, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir liam Ellis, Colonel Birch, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Garraway, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Cloberry, Mr. Hamden,

Sir Thomas Stringer, Mr. Upton, Mr. Whorzcood, Mr.

Harbord: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are to bring in a Clause for Discovery of all Trusts relating to the Earl of Danby: And that he may be made incapable of receiving any Pardon but by Act of Parliament, wherein he shall be particularly named.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Street have Leave to go- Leave of the Welsh Circuit. Absence’

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William B ever sham Convocation and Sir John Hoskins; Oaths.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act to disable any Person from sitting in any of the Houses of Convocation, till he hath taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration therein contained: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from tire Lords, intituled, An Banishing Act for banishing and disabling Thomas Earl ot Danby, Darnb^ was read the First time.

7 G The

Bridgwater

Election.

Answer to Address.

Liberty of the Subject.

Letter sent to Mr. Speaker.

Norfolk

Election.

Bridgwater

Election.

Ditto.

578 Matht. A. 01570.

The Question being put, That the Bill be > read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Sec. That the; Bill be rejected.

A Petition of Sir Prawm Rolles Baronet, complaining of an undue Return of Colonel Rto serve

in this present Parliament as One of the Burgesses - for the Borough of Bridgwater in the County of Somerset, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and returned by Indenture under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the said Town, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter of the said Return; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir Thomas Chichley acquaints the House, That his Majesty had been attended with the Address of this House, desiring his Majesty, That All Papers and Examinations relating to the Discovery of the Plot, might be transmitted to the Committee of Secrecy: And his Majesty commanded this Answer to be returned; That those Papers and Examinations were delivered to the Committee of Lords; and so soon as they were dispatched there, they Should be sent to the Committee of Secrecy appointed by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

" — "* «T* ? T T ,1 -I D 1 ‘

Veneris, 28* die Martii, 1679-

Prayers.

A BILL for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, was read the First time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning after Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Members of this House that serve for the City of London, do examine the Matter concerning the Letter sent to Mr. Speaker, and report the same to the House.

A Petition of Sir Christopher Knight of the

Bath, praying longer Time for the Hearing of the Cause betw een him and Sir John Hobart Baronet; for that he is visited with the Small Pox; and cannot be able to attend the House, or produce his Witnesses, by the Eleventh of April, which is the Time appointed by an Order of this House for the Hearing of the said Cause at the Bar of this House; was read.

The Question being put, For granting the Petitioner further Time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Ralph Stay ed Esquire, praying that the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Bridgwater may be heard with the Merits of the Return, on the One-and-tw entietii Day of April next; which is the Day appointed by the Committee of Privileges and Elections, further to consider of the Merits of the said Return; w'as read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

A Petition of William Clarke Esquire, complaining of several undue Practices in the Election and Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgwater in the County of Somerset, in Injury of the Petitioner, who had the Majority of rightful Voices, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that the Committee do make a Special Report of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petittonof.Jebw Wohrieh Esquire, flomplainingiof Bridgnorth undue Practices in the Baikif&iof Bruges alias Bridge- ^ect‘on' north in the County of Salop, in the Electing and Returning ,of Sin William Whitmore and Sir Thonm Whit-more, to serve dn this: present (Parliament as Burgessestfor the said Borough, dn Injury of the'Petitioner, <who«was duly, elected one. «f 1 the Burgesses «f the sand* Borough, and ought to have been returned;------

Resolved, Stc. That the said: Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges' end Elections; to 1 examine the Matter. thereof; >and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. ‘ Chancellor of the Exchequer acquaints the House, Answer That his Majesty had been attended with the Address of to Address, this House, desiring, his Majesty, That all Papers and Examinations, relating to the Discover of the Plot, may be transmitted to the Committee of Secrecy: And his Majesty was pleased >to say, That those Papers were before the Committee of Lords; but he would give Order to the 'Land Chancellor, to get them dispatched there with all Expedition, and to deliver them to the Committee of Secrecy appointed by this House.

A Petition of Richard Derham Esquire, complaining New Radnor of an undue Return of Sir Edward Harley, to serve in the Election, present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of New Radnor, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was tendered to be read.

And Mr. Heerham, being called in to the Bar of this House, did own the said Petition.

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Hales, complaining of undue Queen* Practices used by the Mayor of Queenborough in the borough County of Kent, in returning James Herbert Esquire, to Election, serve in this present Parliament as One of the Burgesses for the said Borough, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, See. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report tire same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Algernon Sydney Esquire, complaining Guilford of an undue Return of Thomas Dalmahoy Esquire, to Electior. serve in this present Parliament as One of the Burgesses for the Borough erf Guilford in the County of Surrey, in Lyury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Pollen Esquire, complaining that Andover William Withers Esquire, combining with the Bailiff of Election, the Borough of Andover in the County of Southampton, did, by several illegal and unwarrantable Practices, procure himself to be returned to serve in this present Parliament as One of the Burgesses of the said Borough, in Iryury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine 'the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edmund Clarke, and others, on the Behalf Warwick of themselves, and the major Part of the Freeholders of Station, the County of Warwick; complaining of several undue Practices, and illegal Proceedings, in the High Sheriff and the Under Sheriff of the said County, at the Election of Two Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the

e

e

i h

4 ‘

is

re

T

5

D-

r*?S

it

5

k

Resolution concerning Information against a Member.

Convocation

Oaths.

iXDar. II. 28* — ao° jpritis* 579

the said Goohty, in refusing to take tile Petitihhers Polls fax John Stmtford Esqmre, whom they did duly'elect,'and returning Persons wfedm they 'never chose; to the’Petitioners Injury, and Subversion of their Right; was read.

Resolved, kc. That the Matter1 of the said Pfetitfon be 'heard at the Bar of this 'House, on come

Fortnight: And that the High Sheriff and Under Sheriff of the said County do then attend.

The House then taking into Consideration the Matter of the Information against Siv Robert a Member

of this House;

Resolved, Nemitie contradicent That this House is

fully satisfied in the -Integrity, Diligence, and Faithfulness of Sir Robert Southwell, a Member of this House, in the Taking -and Entring of the Informations of the Witnesses touchir^ the Discovery of the Treasonable and Popish Plot, -and of the Murder of Sir Godfrey by the Papists; anti that he hath deserved very well of the King and Kingdom, by his Pains and Care taken therein.

Ordered, That the irigfossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act ’to disable any Person from sitting in tiny of the Houses of Convocation, till he hath taken the 'Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration therein contained, be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the Hdnse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mr. 'Evei*afd being called in; ‘and having 'given'his Evidence touching the Information ‘agalnk Sir R6bmson,a. Member of this House;

And’the'Hoifse being informed, that there wefe several Papers of Examinations taken from Mr. Evefard, and now in the Hands of Mr. Secretary Coventry;

And Mr. Secretary Coventry being indisposed, and not able to attend the Service of the House;

Resolved, See. That the further Consideration of the Matter of the "Information against Sir John Robinson, a Memberof this House, be ’adjourned till this Day Sevemright.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Hlllis Barbrief, and j Pepys Esquire; complaining of undiie Practices in the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge; was read.

Resolved, 8cc. That the said Petitiofi be inferred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the satire, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections and Privileges do sit on Monday next; and have Liberty to receive Petitions relating to Elections on that Day only.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Eight of the Clock.

tit

: Gi-

ifc

c

Bridgewater

Election.

Sabbati, die Martii, 1679*

PRA Yfe RS.

Entries in f\RDE RED, That the Orders and Proceedings of

Journal. \S this House, after they are read every Morning, be entered into the Journal the same Day.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journal every Morning, and see that true Entries be made.

And it is referred to Mr. Papillon, Sir John Knight, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. SirJW/« Mr.

Duboys, Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr. Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Roseau en, Mr. Tempest, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Patience Ward; or any Two of them.

The House being informed, that Sir Halswell Tynt Baronet is returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater in the County of Somerset, by Two Indentures; and that he ought to sit;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Return, the First Business; and report the samfe, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir Robert Peyton reports from the Committee to whom the Bill to summon Thomas Earl of Danby to render himself to Justice by a certain Day; or, in Default thereof, to be attainted; was committed, That the Committee had met; and had gone through the Bill; and h&ti made some Amendments: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Disbanding Resolved, kc. That this House will, On Tuesday he*t, the Army, at Ten of thfe Clock, take into Consideration the Disbanding of thfe Forces that have been raised or brought over from beyond the Seas, since the Twenty-ninth of September i 677? and yet remain undisbanded: And that the Paymaster of the Army, and the Commissary of the Musters do then bring in art Account of the respective Regiments, Troops, artd Companies, or Parts of Regiments, TroopS, and Companies, that have beefr raised, or brought over from beyond the Seas, since the said Twenty-ninth of Septettib&r 16^7; and that yet remain undisbanded; arid what is due to them.

Vol. IX.

Attainder of Earl of Danby.

Ma rt is, 1° die Aprilis, 1679-

Prayers.

/I RD E RED, That Doctor Jane be desired to preach

before this House on the Eleventh Day of April Instant in the Morning; and that Mr. Sharpe be desired to preach before this House on that Day in the Afternoon; being the Day appointed by his Majesty for a solemn Fast and Humiliation: And that Doctor Edysbury do give Notice to Doctor Jane, of the Desire of this House; and Mr. Wogan to Mr. Sharpe.

Ordered, That the Matter of the undue and illegal Practices in the Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of which was appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House on Friday the Eleventh Day of April Instant, be adjourned till Saturday the Twelfth Day of the same Month.

The House being informed, that there is a false and scandalous Pamphlet dispersed abroad, which goes by the Name of " Sir Francis s. Speech ;"

And a Copy thereof being this Day delivered to the House;

It is thereupon Ordered, That a fcommittee be appointed to inquire into the Authors and Publishers of the said Pamphlet; and also of any other Pamphlets of the like Mature; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Ah Irby, Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. Kleers, Sir Thomas Stringer, Colonel Birch, Mr. May, Sir Robert Peyton, Colonel Titus, Lord Russell, Mr. Parteridge, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Francis Russell, Mr. Buller; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, Arid Records.

' Si/- Thomds Meefs reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, That the Committee had taken into Consideration the Matter of the Return for the Borough of Montgomery:and had agreed upon a Report:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s 'table: Where the same was read; arid is as followeth, viz.

There are Two Indentures, both dated the Eighteenth of February; One between John Williams Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Montgomery, of the One Part: and Edward Whittinghaih and Roger Jones Bailiffs, and

many

Information against a Member/

Cambridge

Election.

Committee, of Privileges/

Preachers oil Fast-Day.

Norfolke

Election.

Privilege —

Libellous

Publications.

Montgomery

Election.

Brecon

Election.

580 1* Apri . 1676.

many Burgesses of the said Borough, of the other Part (wherein Mr. Matthew Price is returned); and is signed by both the Bailiffs, and many Burgesses; and a large Seal against the Bailiffs Names; and a Seal to each of the Burgesses Names.

The other Indenture is between the same Sheriff, of the One Part; and many Burgesses of the Borough of

Montgomery, Poole and Lantlvi in the same County,

of the other Part (whereby Mr. Edward Lloyd is returned); and is signed by many of the said Burgesses, but not either of the Bailiffs hands; nor any Seal at all.

Whereupon the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved,&c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Indenture wherein Matthew Price Esquire is returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Montgomery, is well and duly returned, and

by the proper Officers; and that thereupon he ought to sit in this present Parliament, as well returned for the said Borough of Montgomery.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Indenture wherein Matthew Price is returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Montgomery, is well and duly returned, and

by the proper Officers; and that thereupon he ought to sit in this present Parliament, as well returned for the said Borough of Montgomery.

Sir Thomas Meers further reports from the said Committee, That the Committee had taken into Consideration the Matter of the Return for the Borough of Brecon and had agreed upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

An Indenture, dated Twenty-Eighth of February last, made between Richard Jones and Lancelot Herbert, Aldermen of the Borough of Brecon, and many others, Burgesses of the said Borough, of the One Part; and Thomas Bulcott Sheriff of the said County, of the other Part; witnessing, That by virtue of a Mandate to the Bailiff of the said Borough directed, the said Aldermen and Burgesses had chosen Thomas Mansell Esquire Burgess for the said Borough: In Witness w hereof, the said Aldermen and Burgesses had set their Hands and Seals: And accordingly there. the Hands and Seals of the said Aldermen, and a Multitude of others: But the Bailiff is neither Party to the Indenture, nor his Hand or Seal to it. And also,

There is another Indenture affixed to it, dated the same Day, made between the said Sheriff of the County of Brecon, of the One Part; and John Waters Esquire, Bailiff of the said Borough, of the other Part; witnessing, That the said Bailiff, with the whole Assent and Consent of the rest of the Burgesses there, by virtue of a Warrant of the said Sheriff to the said Bailiff directed, hath made Choice and Election of John Jeffreys Esquire, to be Burgess for the said Borough: In Witness whereof the said Bailiff and Burgesses have set, not only the Common Seal of the said Borough, but also their own Hands and Seals: And accordingly there is a Broad Seal affixed to it; and it is subscribed, John Waters Bailiff; and many other Hands and Seals are also set thereunto.

Whereupon the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Indenture wherein John Jeffreys Esquire is returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brecon, is well and duly returned, and by the proper Officer; and that thereupon he ought to sit as well and duly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough of Brecon.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Indenture wherein John Jeffreys Esquire is returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brecon, is well and duly returned, and by the proper Officer; and that thereupon he ought to sit, as well and duly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough of Brecon.

Sir Thomas Meres further reports from the said Committee, That the Committee had taken into Con- E,ect’M' sideration the Matter of the Return for the Port of Dover; and had agreed upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

The Writ is directed, Constabulario Castri Dover, ac Cuslotf quing; Portuum, vel eis Locumtenentibus ibidem:

Upon which Writ is indorsed thus; " istius

Brevis patet in quibusdam Schehuic Brevi annex' Respons'Johannis Strode, ArmigeriLoamtenentis Domin.

Regis Castri Dover," fyc. To which Writ is affixed a Precept made by John Strode Esquire, the King’s Lieutenant of Dover Castle, directed to the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty of the Town and Port of Dover in the County of Kent-, to chuse Two Barons for the said Port: Upon which Precept is indorsed thus; Executio istius Mandati patet in quadem Ihuic annex' per

Major' Jurat' 8$ Communitat'Ville 8$ Port' Dover in Comuni preedict'.

There is affixed to the said Writ an Indenture, dated the Third Day of March last, made between John Strode Esquire, Liehtenant of his Majesty's Castle of of the One Part; and the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, of the said Town and Port of Dover, of the other Part; whereby the said Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, have chosen William Stokes Esquire, and Thomas Papilliott Esquire, to be their Barons: And, in Witness thereof, the said Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty had caused their Common Seal to be affixed thereto: And accordingly, there is a large Seal affixed to the same Indenture.

There is affixed to the same Writ a Writing, purporting an Indenture (but made between nobody) witnessing,

" That we the Mayor, Jurats, and Barons of the Town and Port of Dover, in a full Hundred there; that is to say George West Deputy Mayor, John Vaylie and Aaron Wellard Jurats, Five of the Common Council, and Ten others stiled Barons of the said Port; have chosen Thomas Papi/lion Gentleman, and John Strode Esquire, our Cotn-barons: In Witness whereof, we the Mayor, Jurats, and Barons of the Port aforesaid, have put our Hands and Seals." And it is subscribed by George Deputy Mayor, and Seventeen others; and Eighteen Seals affixed at the Bottom; but no Great or Common *, either to it, or mentioned so to be.

Whereupon the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, See. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Indenture, wherein William Stokes Esquire, and Thomas Papillion Esquire, are returned to serve in this present Parliament as Barons for the Town and Port of Dover, is well and duly returned, and by the proper Officer; and that thereupon they ought to sit, as duly returned to serve in the present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Dover.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Indenture wherein William Stokes Esquire, and Thomas Papillon Esquire, are returned to serve in this present Parliament as Barons for the Town and Port of Dover, is well and duly returned, and by the proper Officer; and that thereupon they ought to sit, as duly returned to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Dover.

Sir Thomas Meres further reports from the said Com- Bridgwater mittee, That the Committee had taken into Consi- E1#ctl0R-deration the Matter of the Return for the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset; and had agreed upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth,

It appears that Sir Haswell Tynt is returned, in an Indenture affixed to the "Writ, with Sir under

a Seal of the Borough of Bndgwater, and the Mayor’s Hand also to it. And

There is also produced to the Committee another Indenture; wherein Sir Halswell Tynt is returned singly as

22 Onq

t

I;

k

tf

tt.

u

58.

lie

ii

6

)er

*4

<4

ns.

lai

iai

iSj.

8-

n

to

><ii

Q

V

31 Car. II.

One of the Burgesses for the said Borough, under a larger Common Seal of the said Borough.

And Mr. William Harboard, a Member of this House, in his Place, declared, That, the same Day this Parliament began (which was the Sixth of March last) Sir Halswell Tynt came to him, and shewed him the last mentioned Indenture: That thereupon he and Sir Halswell Tynt went to the Sheriff, to desire him to affix it to the Writ: Which he was very willing to do; but that he had carried in all the Returns of that County to the Clerk of the Crown; and therefore could not affix it himself: But went with Mr. Harboard and Sir Halswell Tynt to the Clerk of the Crown

to Westminster; and desired him to affix it: Which he refused to do; saying, He had already made out his Book of Returns, and could not then accept this Indenture.

But the Committee, being satisfied That Sir Tynt was elected, both by the select Number of Capital Burgesses, and also by the Popular; and that the Petitioners, who complain of the said Election, do admit him to be duly elected; came to this Resolution following, videlicet;

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Clerk of the Crown shall affix the Indenture, wherein Sir Halswell Tynt is singly returned, to the Writ for the County of Sommer set: And that Sir Halswell Tynt ought thereupon to sit, as duly returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgwater.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Clerk of the Crown shall affix the Indenture, wherein Sir Halswell Tynt is singly returned, to the Writ for the County of Somerset: And that Sir Halswell Tynt ought thereupon to sit, as duly returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgwater.

And the Clerk of the Crown, being called in, did affix the Indenture, wherein Sir Tynt is singly

returned, to the Writ for the County of Somerset.

Ilchester Sir Thomas Mcers further reports from the Committee

lllection. cf privileges and Elections, That the Committee had taken into Consideration the Matter of the Return for the Borough of Ilchester; and had agreed upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth,

To the Writ, for Elections of Members for the County of Somerset, is annexed an Indenture, dated the Twentieth Day of February last, and made between John Carcw Esquire, Sheriff of the County of Somerset, of the One Part; and Edward PhelipKnight, and Eight others.

Capital Burgesses of the Borough of of the

other Part; witnessing. That, according to the Form of a Breve to the Bailiff and Burgesses of the said Borough di-

rected, the said Burgesses, and others, who were interested in the Proclamation in the said Indenture afore-mentioned, had chosen Edward Phelips, and Robert Hunt, Esquires, Two Burgesses for the said Borough: In witness whereof, the said Burgesses had put their Common Seal: And accordingly there is a Broad Seal affixed thereto, and sevo ral Hands subscribed: But the Bailiff is neither Party to the said Indenture, nor hath set his Hand or Seal to it.

There is also affixed to the said Writ another Indenture, dated the same Day, made between the said Sheriff, of the One Part; and the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough of Irelchester, of the other Part; witnessing, That, by virtue of a Precept from the said Sheriff, the said Bailiffj Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the said Borough, have elected William Strode Esquire, and John Speke Esquire, to be Burgesses of Irelchester aforesaid: In Witness whereof; the said Bailiff or his Deputy, together with the Burgesses of the said Borough, have put their Hands and Seals: To which Indenture there is One Seal affixed, and over it, Thomas Bailiff;

and, upon the same Indenture, Jo. Jo. Slade:

And, on the Back, is indorsed many Witnesses to the Signing, Sealing, and Delivery thereof.

Whereupon the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Indenture wherein William Strode Esquire, and John Speke Esquire, are returned Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Irelchpster in the County of Sommerset, is well and duly returned, and by the proper Officer; and that thereupon they ought to sit, as duly returned to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Irelchester.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Indenture wherein William Strode Esquire, and John Speke Esquire, are returned Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Irelchester in the County of Somerset, is well and duly returned, and by the proper Officer; and that thereupon they ought to sit, as duly returned to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Irelchester.

A Bill for summoning Thomas Earl of Danby to render Attainder of himself to Justice by a certain Day; or, in Default thereof, ^arl ‘ to attaint him of High Treason; was read the Third time.

And some Amendments being made at the Table;

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And the Title be, An Act for the Attainder of Thomas Earl of Danby of High Treason: And that Sir Robert Peyton do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Securing the Liberty of Liberty of the Subject, be read Tomorrow Morning, tte Subject, the first Business: And that the Report from the Committee, appointed to inspect the Temporary Laws that will expire with this Session of Parliament, be made next after the Reading of the said Bill.

The House then took into Consideration the Disband- Disbanding ing of the Forces raised, or brought over from beyond the Army* the Seas, since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677, and that yet remain undisbanded; and what is due to them;

And Mr. Kingdome, the Paymaster of the Army, hav-

ing, according to the Order of the House, delivered in an Account relating to the said Forces;

And the same being read at the Table;

Ordered, That a Committee he appointed to inspect and examine the said Accounts; and draw up a State of the same; and present it to the House.

And it is referred to Sir George DMr. , Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Paxcle, Mr. Sir Robert

Peyton, Sir John Knight, Air. love, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir

John Hot ham, Sir Joint Guyes, Sir Robert Carr, Sir

Capell, Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Vernon, Sir Anth. Irby,

Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir 'Iho. Clarges, Sir Edward Harley,

Air. Reynall, Sir Eliah Har'vey, Sir William

Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Richard Corbet, Air.

Air. Johnson, Mr. Booth, Sir Sam. All*.

Parteridge, Mr. Papillon, Col. Birch, Mr. Duboys,

Sir Francis Drake, Sirs? ilbert Gerrard, Sir John

Mr. Deane, All*. Kingdome, Sir Robe Howard, Sir Francis Russell, Mr. Gower, Mr. Mildm Lord Air. Freake, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Robert Markham, Sir

Tho. Stringer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That the Continuing of any Standing Forces in this Nation, other than the Militia, is illegal; and a great G rievance and Vexation to the People.

A Petition of Edu ard Sackvilc Esquire, committed to Petition front the Prison of the Tower by this acknowledging a Member in

his Offence; and begging the Pardon and Favour of the cu*a>dy. House, that he may -be discharged of his Imprisonment.

Ordered, That Air. Saqkvi/e he discharged of his Imprisonment: And that Air. Speaker do issue out his Warrant accordingly.

And then -the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

7 H

58 a 2* — 3°

Mercurii,2° , 1679-

Praters.

PrestonWrit 11 TR. Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, being lVI elected to serve in this present Parliament, both for the County of Lincolneand the Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster, made his Election to serve for the County of Lincolne.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County of Lancaster.

Privilege. A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, committed against Mr. Lucy, a Member of this House, on the Second Day of January last, by one Joseph White, One of his Majesty’s Messengers, and Stephen Holland, an Attorney, in distraining, and detaining in Custody for several Days, the Coach and Horses of the said Mr. Lucy, after he was returned to serve in the last Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the Breach of Privilege, committed upon Mr. Lucy, a Member of this House; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Liberty of A Bill for the better Securing the Liberty of the Sub-

the Subject. ject, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Serjeant Maynard, Sir Tho.

Cla ryes, Sir John Henley, Sir A Sir Tho.

Sir John Mallet, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Rcynall, Sir John Wynn, Sir Gilbert Mr. Stock-

dale, Sir Charles Cesar, Mr. Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Thurborne, Mr. Trcnchord, Sir Henry Mr.

Thynn, Mr. Jacob, Sir Edward Sir John Tre-

vor, Mr. Young, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Robert Peyton, Mr. Woogan, Serjeant Streete, Sir Richard Corbet, Mr.

Papillion, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Christopher Masgrave, Sir William Escourt, ShJoh Hot ham, Sir

Mr. Speake, Sir John Knight, Col. Sir Henry Pool'd,

Mr. KclUtnd, Sir William Mr. Palmes, Mr. Seymour, Sir ,/<hn Darred, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sir

Tho.Meres, Mr. Apprice, Colonel Birch, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Exchequer Chamber.

Expiring Mr. Palmes reports from the Committee appointed to

Laws‘ inspect the Temporary Laws that will expire with this Session of Parliament, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth,

13 Car. II. Chap. 8. An Act for providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty, in his Royal Progress and Removals.

13 & 14 Car. II. Chap. 2. An Act for repairing the Highways and Sewers, and Paving and Keeping clean of the Streets in and about the Cities of London and Westminster; and for Reforming of Annoyances and 1 Msorders, in the Streets of, and Places adjacent to the said C ities; and for the Regulating and Licensing of Hackney Coaches; and for the Inlarging of several sireight and inconvenient Streets and Passages.

The same Year, Chap. 6. An Act for Inlarging and Repairing of common Highways.

The same Year, Chap. 9. An Act for Relief of poor and maimed Officers and Soldiers, who have faithfully served his Majesty, and his Royal Father, in the late Wars.

The same Year, Chap. 12. An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; excepting what relates unto the Corporations mentioned and constituted

The same Year, Chap. 20. An Act for Providing of Carriage by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty ’s Navy and Ordnance.

The same Year, Chap. 21. An Act for preventing the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs; and for Ease in passing their Accoinpts.

The same Year, Chap. 32. An Act for the better Regulating of the Manufacture of Broad Woollen Cloath, within the West Riding of the County of Yoi'ke.

The same Year, Chap. 33. An Act for preventing Abuses in Printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets; and for Regulating of Printing and Printing Presses.

17 Car. II. Chap. 4. An Act for Continuance of a former Act for regulating the Press.

15 Car. II. Chap. 5. An Act for regulating Select Vestries.

18 Car. II. Chap. 2. An Act for importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners.

Resolved, Sic. That this House will, on Tuesday next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act against the Importation of Cattle from Ireland and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners.

Ordered, That the Report made this Day, from the Committee appointed to inspect the Temporary Laws, be referred to the same Committee: And they are to consider, Which Acts are fit and necessary to be continued: And they are to hear the Complaints of the Hackney Coachmen; and make their Report thereupon to the House: And that all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe be added to the said Committee: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at rJ hree of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 3* die Aprilis, 1679*

Prayers.

QIR Thomas Clerges reports from the Committee ap- Securing O pointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for securing ^mgi &c' the King and Kingdom against the Growth and Danger of Popery, That the Committee had agreed upon a BUI:

Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s 3able: Where the same was read the First time.

Resolved, 8:c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that it was necessary, Apprehen-that certain Persons Should be immediately apprehended, Sion°f cer' in order to their being examined by the Committee of 44111 ereons' .( Secrecy;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to take ’!

into Custody such Persons as shall be nominated to Mr.

Speaker.

Mr. Treby reports from the Committee of Secrecy, Impeach-appointed to take Informations, and prepare Evidences, and draw up Articles against the Lords that are im- 0 ’ c' peached and are now in the Towerand to take such further Informations as shall be given relating to the Plot and Conspiracy against his Majesty and the Government, and the Murder of Sir EdmundburyGodfrey; That the Committee had agreed upon a Report, containing several Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Offences, against William Earl of Powys, William Viscount Stafford, Henry Lord Arundell

of War dour, William Lord Pet re, and John Lord sis: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and, with an Amendment made at the Table, were, upon the Question, agreed to; and are as followeth;

Articles

of

3 r Car. II.

3° Apri

583

Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and other said Persons, or some of them, accepted such Rewards Impeach-High Crimes and Offences, against William Earl of and undertook the Perpetrating thereof; and did actually ment of Ear]

... Xt,u., — T j — . g0 to the sai(1 piaces for that End and Purpose. J Powy8'&c

That the said Conspirators, the better to compass their traiterous Designs, have consulted to raise, and have procured and raised Men, Money, Horses, Afms, and Ammunition; and also have made Application to, and treated and corresponded with the Pope, his Cardinals,

Powys, William Viscount Stafford, Henry Lord Arun-dell of War dour, William Lord Pet re, and John Lord Bel/asis, now Prisoners in the Tower of Londons

THAT, for many Years now last past, there hath been contrived, and carried on, by Papists, a traiterous

*11

and execrable Conspiracy and Plot, within this Kingdom Nuncios, and Agents, and with other foreign Ministers

Vllirl/ianfl onrl rvtlinr n 4-/\ nU/in aI. nn/I 1 Tt___ a. _ _1 La O 1* /* wr -» w

of England, and other Places, to alter, change, and subvert the ancient Government and Laws of this Kingdom and Nation; and to suppress the true Religion therein established; and to extirpate and destroy the Professors thereof: Which said Plot and Conspiracy was contrived and carried on, in divers Places, and by several Ways and Means, and by a great Number of Persons of several Qualities and Degrees, who acted therein, and intended thereby to execute and accomplish

and Persons, to raise and obtain Supplies of Men, Money, Arms, and Ammunition; therewith to make, levy, and raise War, Rebellion, and Tumult, within this Kingdom, and to invade the same with foreign Forces; and to surprise, seize, and destroy his Majesty’s Navy, Forts, Magazines, and Places of Strength within this Kingdom: Whereupon the Calamities of War, Murders of innocent Subjects, Men, Women, and Children, Burnings, Rapines, Devastations, and other dreadful Miseries and Mischiefs,

the aforesaid wicked and traiterous Designs and Purposes, must inevitably have ensued, to the Ruin and Destruction That the said William Earl of Powys, Wm.Viscount of this Nation.

ig

if

50-flf; w? if !if

Si

u:

st

w

Stafford, Henry Lord Arundell of William Lord

Petre, and John Lord Bel/asis; together with Philip Horward, commonly called Cardinal of Norfolke; Thomas White, alias Whitebread, commonly called Provincial of the Jesuits in England; Richard Strange, lately called Provincial of the Jesuits in England; Vincent, commonly called Provincial of the Dominicans in England; James Corker, commonly called President of the Benedictines; Sir John Warner, alias Clare, Baronet; William Harcourt, John Kenis, Nicholas Blundell, Pole, Edward Mico,

Thomas Bedingfcild, alias Benefeild, Basil Charles Peters, Richard Peters, John Conyers, Sir JVakeman, Thomas F Kelly, Fitzgerald, Evers, Sir Thomas Preston, William Lowell, Jesuits; Lord Ba/lemore, John Card/, John Townely, Richard Langhorne, William Fogarty, Thomas Penny, Matthew Med bourne, Edward Coleman, William Ireland, John Grove, Thomas Pickering, John Smith, and divers other Jesuits, Priests, Friers; and other Persons; as false Traitors to his Majesty and this Kingdom, within the time aforesaid have traitorously consulted, contrived, and acted to and for the Accomthe said wicked, pernicious, and traiterous Designs: And, for that End, did most wickedly and traitorously agree, conspire, and resolve to imprison, depose, and murder his Sacred Majesty, and to deprive him of his Royal State, Crown, and Dignity; and, by malicious and advised Speaking, Writing, and otherwise, declared such their Purposes and Intention; and also to subject this Kingdom and Nation to the Pope, and to his tyrannical Government; and to seize and share amongst themselves the Estates and Inheritances of his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects; and to erect and restore Abbies, Monasteries, and other Convents and Societies, which have been long since, by the Laws of this Kingdom, suppressed, for their Superstition and Idolatry; and to deliver up and restore to them the Lands and Possessions now vested in his Majesty and his Subjects, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; and also to found and erect new Monasteries and Convents, and to remove and deprive all Protestant Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, from their Offices, Benefits, and Preferments; and by this means to destroy his Majesty's Person, extirpate the Protestant Religion, overthrow the Rights, Liberties, and Properties of all his Majesty’s good Subjects, subvert the lawful Government of this Kingdom, and subject the same to the Tyranny of the See of Rome.

That the Conspirators and their Complices, and Confederates, traitorously had and held several Meetings, Assemblies, and Consultations, wherein it was contrived, and designed among them, what Means Should be used, and what Persons and Instruments Should be employed, to murder his Majesty; and did then and there resolve to effect it, by Poisoning, Shooting, Stabbing, or some such-like M ays and Means; and offered Rewards and

And the said Conspirators have procured, and accepted, and delivered out, several Instruments, Commissions, and Powers, made and granted by or under the Pope, or other unlawful and usurped Authority, to raise and dispose of Men, Monies, Arms, and other Things necessary for their wicked and traiterous Designs;

and, namely, a Commission for the said Henry Lord Arundell of Wardour, to be Lord Chancellor of England; another Commission to the said William Earl of Powys, to be Lord Treasurer of England; another Commission to the said John Lord Bellasis, to be General of the Army to be raised; another Commission to the said William Lord Petre, to be Lieutenant General of the said Army; and a Power for the said William Viscount Stafford, to be Paymaster of the Army.

That, in order to encourage themselves in prosecuting the said wicked Plots, Conspiracies, and Treasons, and to hide and biller the Discovery of the same, and to secure themselves from Justice and Punishment, the Conspirators aforesaid, their Complices and Confederates, have used many wicked and diabolical Practices; viz. They did cause their Priests to administer to the said Conspirators an Oath of Secrecy, together with their Sacrament; and also did cause the said Priests, upon Confessions, to give their Absolutions, upon condition that they Should conceal the said Conspiracy: And when, about the Month of September last, Sir Godfrey, a Justice of Peace, had, according to the Duty of his Oath and Office, taken several Examinations and Informations concerning the said Conspiracy and Plot; the said Conspirators, or some of them, by Advice, Assent, Counsel, and Instigation of the rest, did incite and procure divers Persons to lie in wait, and pursue the said Sir EdmundburyGodfrey, clivers Days, with Intent

to murder him; which at last was perpetrated and effected by them: For which said horrid Crimes and Offences Robert Greene, Henry Berry, and Laurence Hill, have since been attainted; and and Girald, and others, are lied for the same.

After which Murder, and before the Body was found, or the Murder know n to any but the Complices therein, the said Persons falsely gave out, that he was alive, and privately married; and alter the Body found, dispersed a false and malicious Report, that he had murdered himself. Which said Murder w?as committed, with Design to stifle and suppress the Evidence he had taken and had Knowledge of; and discourage and deter Magistrates and others from acting in further Discovery of the said Conspiracy and Plot: For which End also, the said Sir Edmundbury Go while he was alive, was by them, their Complices, and Favourers, threatened, and discouraged in his Proceedings about the same.

And of their further Malice, they have wickedly contrived, by many false Suggestions, to lay the Imputation and Guilt of the aforesaid horrid and detestable Crimes upon the Protestants; that so thereby they might escape

Promises of Advantage to several Persons, to execute

the same; and hired and employed several wicked Persons _r________ ,____ w lu U1 t

to go to Windsor, and other Places, where his Majesty the Punishments they have justly deserved and expose did reside to murder, and destroy his Majesty: Which the Protestants to great Scandal, and subject them to x. IX. Persecution

Convocation

Oaths.

Regulating

Elections.

Liberty of the Subject.

Windsor

Election.

Popish

Recusants.

584 30 — 4* 1679.

Persecution and Oppression, in all Kingdoms and Countries where the Romish Religion is received and professed.

All which Treasons, Crimes, and Offences above-mentioned, were contrived, committed, perpetrated, acted, and done, by the said William Earl of Powys, William Viscount Stafford, JLord Petre, Henry

Lord Arundellof Wardour, and John Lord

and other the Conspirators aforesaid, against our Sovereign Lord the King, his Crown and Dignity, and against the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

Of all which Treasons, Crimes, and Offences, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled, do in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England, impeach the said William Earl of Powys, William Viscount Stafford, William Lord Petre, Henry Lord Arundell of and John Lord

Bellasis, and every of them.

And the said Commons, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any Time hereafter, any other Accusations or Impeachments against the said William Earl of Powys, William Viscount Stafford, William Lord Petre, Henry Lord Arundell of JVardour, and John Lord BeUasis, and every of them; and also of replying to the Answers, which they, and every of them, shall make to the Premises, or any of them, or to any other Accusation or Impeachment which shall be by them exhibited, as the Cause, according to Course and Proceedings of Parliament, shall require; do pray, That the said William Earl of Powys, William Viscount Stafford, William Lord Petre, Henry Lord Arundell of JVardour, and John Lord Bellasis, and every

of them, be put to answer all and every of the Premises: And that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments may be upon them, and every of them, had and used, as shall be agreeable to Law and Justice, and Course of Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That the said Articles be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to disable any Person from sitting in any of the Houses of Convocation, till he hath taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed to bring in a Bill or Bills, upon the Debate of the House, to regulate the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, That the Committee had agreed upon a Bill: "Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 4° die Aprilis, 1679* Prayers.

SIR Thomas Clet'gcs reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for the better securing the Liberty of the Subject, was committed, That the Committee had met; and had gone through the Bill; and had made some Amendments: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read, and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Election for Windsor, be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery, and more speedy Conviction of Popish Recusants, was read the Second time.

Resoked, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Buscawen, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Lee, Sir John Talbot, Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Mompessm, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Sir Henry CapeU, Sir Chris.

Sir Thomas Meres, Sir George Downing, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Powle, Sir Francis DraJce, Sir Hotham, Sir Halsuell Tynt, Lord Cavendish, Sir John Knight, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Thyn Master of the Rolls,

Mr. Ayliffe, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Sir Geivase Elues,

Lord Annesley, Sir John Cloberry, Mr. Reynall, Sir Robert Cleyton, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Wright, Mr. Bockland,

Mr. Onslow, Sir John Coventry, Sir Tho. Player, Sir Robert Alarkham, Mr. Duboys, Sir Francis Russell, Sir

John JVyn, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Alderman Love, Sir Walter Young, Sir Thomas Middleton, Sir JVm. Coventry, Sir John Guyes, Serj. Seys, Mr. Upton, Mr. Gerrard,

Mr. Hamden, Sir Nic. Carerw, Mr. Sir John

Mallet, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Edward Dcering, Sir Richard Corbet: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are to bring in a Clause, to prevent any of the Royal Family from matching with Popish Recusants.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Apprchtu-to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the sionofa Apprehending of Mr. Robert Brent. Person.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Southwell do inquire and Search to U search into his Papers, and with the Clerks of the House lor a of Lords, Whether there be a Letter, written by the Fa,er' Lord Stafford, that has not as yet been communicated to the Committee of Secrecy, appointed by this House; and give the House an Account thereof Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Conference Sir John Franklyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference binder with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning Bill, the Bill sent up against the Earl of Danby.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House will meet the Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Powle, Sir Fran. Sir

Tho. Lee, Sir William Coventry, Mr. Seymour, Sir John Trevor, Colonel Birch, Sir Tho. Playei', Sir Mr. Vi aughan, Mr. Hamden, Sir Henry CapeU, Colonel

Titus, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Thyn, Sir Eliah Harvey, do attend, and manage the Conference.

Sir Francis Winnington reports from the Conference,

That the Lord Privy Seal managed the Conference:

And that what he delivered, was to this Effect;

That the Lords chose to deliver back this Bill by Conference rather than Message, to preserve a good Understanding, and prevent Debate or Controversy between them.

The Lords observe, That the great Affairs of this Nation are at a Stand, at a Time of the greatest Danger and Difficulty that this Kingdom ever laboured under.

That the King hath always in his Reign inclined to Mercy and Clemency to all his Subjects.

Therefore, to a King so merciful and compassionate, the first Interruption of his Clemency, they did desire, Should not proceed from the Two Houses pressing the King to an Act of the greatest Severity.

Therefore have passed the Bill, with some Amendments: Which he delivered.

And the Amendments being brought to the Table, and there once read;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Clare do, from time to time, a Pen*® attend the Committee of Secrecy, appointed by this to attend. House, as they shall think necessary; and receive their Directions.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty to issue out his Royal Pro- "np|Earbf

oa clamation, Danby.

4

k

it

51 Car. II.

1

4 ~5 A

5^5

Exporting

Leather,

k

H

k

al

"HI

Ug:,.

H k

Use

iei?

.t;

.HI

Lid -

Is

ice

ki

clamaOon for the Apprehending of Thomas Earl of Danby, with the usual Penalties upon such as shall conceal him: And that his Majesty will he further pleased to give Order to the Officers of his Majesty’s Houshold, That they take Care, that the said Earl of Danby be not permitted to reside within either of his Majesty’s Palaces of Whitehall, Somerset House, and St. James's.

And it is referred to Mr. Po Mr. Sir 77

Meres, Sir Wm. Coventry, Mr. Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Thomas Lee, Colonel Birch, Colonel Titus, Sir John Trever, Sir Tho. Clerges, Sir Fran. Wilmington, to prepare and draw up the same; and present it to the House, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, &c. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Exportation of Leather.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Regulating

Elections,

A1

Sabbati, 5° die , 1679*

P11 a v e k s.

B I L L for the better Regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Second time.

Resolved, ike. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamden, Sir John Herdey.Sir John Maynard, Colonel Titus,

Mr. Boscawen, Sir John Cloberry, Francklyn, Mr.

Harbord, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Christopher Mr. Wright, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Alderman Love, Mr Woogan, Mr. Ga

rard. Sir Edmund Jennings, S Voting, Mr. Foley, Mr. Tempest, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Joseph Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Thomas Clerges, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Barker, Mr. Papillon, Sir Thomas Lee, Master of the Rolls, Sir Nicholas Carew, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Withers, Mr. Upton, Sir Duke, Mr. Mihimay, Sir Tho.Player, Sir Orender-. Sir

Pedley, Sir Richard Corbet, Sir Samuel Sir

Henry Ford, Colonel Birch, Mr. Sir Ralph Dut-

ton, Mr. Colt, Sir Philip Egerton, Sir Sir Philip Skippon, Sir Richard Graham, Mr. Pozclc And

mune omnium 8$ singulorum Burgensium § Communitati prezdift’ est appensum.

27. Hen. VI. The same exactly.

39- Hen. VI.----- Major, Ballivi, tota Communitas

elegerunt-Dat' sub Sigillo Majoritatis.

7 Edv. VI.----- Major, simul cum Ballivis, Burgensi-

btis,§ Communitate, elegerunt In cujus Testimonium Sigillum Commune Burgi, in,

apposuimus.

1. & 2. Phil. & Mar.----- M, Ballivi, 8$ Burgen-

ses, simul cum Communitate, ex communi Assensu,

elegerunt----- Dat’ sub Sigillo Communi Burgi in

Gilda Aula.

2. & 3. Phil. & Mar. 4. & 5. Phil. &. Mar. — The same exactly.

1. Eliz. — — Major, simul cum Ballivis, Burgensibus,

8$ Communitate elegerunt.

16. Car. I. 17. Car. I. — Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses and Inhabitants have chosen. — Sealed with the Common Seal, and the Inhabitants.

A Report of Serjeant Maynard, in 1640, at the Committee of Elections, was read: Whereby it was resolved, That all the Inhabitants have Right to elect.

They also proved, by Mr. Taylor and Mr. Baker, That the Election in the 3d Car. was at the Market Cross, and by the Inhabitants; and in if'40 and 1660: And that, in the last Parliament, the said Examinants were elected:

But it was adjudged against them by the Committee of Elections and Privileges; they wanting Records; which were mislaid by one Starkey, as the said Starkey afterwards confessed.

And Mr. Taylor says, he was imprisoned Five Months by my Lord Mordant concerning the said Election to the last Parliament.

Nicholas Moor, John Maidstone, Stephen Jones, Thomas Johnson, Wat kin Nicholas, prove, That, on the Twenty-sixth of February last, the Mayor and Bailiffs of Windsor made Proclamation at the Market Cross, That there was a Precept to elect Two Burgesses for this Parliament. And that the Election Should be next Day, between the Hours of Nine and Eleven: And that accordingly, next Day above Two hundred of the Inhabitants of met at the Market Cross; and, about Eleven of the Clock, being asked by Mr Starkey, Whom they would have for

their Members in Parliament, in pursuance of the Pre-

all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet read the Day before; and that they all answered, Mr.

at llneeot the Clock this Afternoon, the Exchequer Mr., Then there went about Twenty

of them to the Hall, where the Mayor, and Bailiffs, and Burgesses were, and demanded Entrance, to give their

New Windsor Election.

Chamber: And are at Liberty to divide the Bill into several Bills, as they shall see Cause.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report touching the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oiNezc Windsor: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was once read, and is as followeth; viz.

The Question was, Whether the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, not exceeding the Number of Thirty; or, the

Inhabitants at large Parliament.

have Right to vote in Elections to

The Petitioners Mr. JVimcood and Air. Starkey, produced the several Records following, to prove the Borough of New Windsor to be a Borough by Prescription; and that the Inhabitants at large ought to vote in Elections:

A Charter of 50 Edw. I. Whereby the King grants, probis Hominibus de Windsore. Quod Villa de Nova Windsor de ccetero sit liber 13u?'gus; <§ quod probi Homines ejusdem Villa sint liberi Burgenscs, $ habe-ant Gildam Mercatoriam.

Mr. Lawrence Halstead, Keeper of the Records of the Tower, testified, That the ancientest Returns of Members to serve in Parliament were those of Edw. I.

They also produced these Records following; being Returns out of the Tozter and Rolls; viz.

jo. Edw. I.----- Two Burgesses returned for New

Whidsor on this Writ.

25. Hen. VI.----- Major Communitas Burgensium

elegerunt In cujus Testimonium Sigillum Com-V^i. IX.

Votes: But the Constables and Tithing Men denied to let them come in; saying, They had Order to keep them out: And that thereupon they came back to the Cross, and sealed and signed an Indenture now produced; and went again with it to the Hall; and demanded Entrance, and to have the Common Seal to fix to the said Indenture: Which was also denied them.

That the Alayor, being demanded to set the Common Seal to the said Indenture, answered, lie would have done it with all his Heart; hut that he had an Order of the Corporation to secure him, touching his Returning of Sir John Ernie and Air. Puicney; to which the Town Clerk w as a Witness.

The Sitting Alembers, Sir John Ernie and Air. Pozc~ ney, produced several Witnesses following; viz.

James Smith, Tho. Mont h, Harris, Mathews, Brazier: Who prove. That the Alayor, Bailiff, and Chief Burgesses, made Proclamation, of Twenty-sixth of February, that the Election Should be next Day: And that, next Day, they went to the Hall about Ten of the Clock, and shut the Doors for some time, while they made Freemen; and about Eleven of the Clock read the Precept, the Alayor first giving Order, That the Doors Should be opened. But there being a Tumult, the Constables were ordered to keep the Peace, and the Doors: And then the Alayor, Bailiff and Burgesses, wrent to Election; and unanimously chose Sir John Emly, and Mr. Powney: And several of them say. The Doors were open at the said Election; and they had no Order

K'

to shut them.

7 I

But

586

New Windsor Election.

5° — 70 Aprilis.

But Brazier says, Several of the Inhabitants, and Mr. IVhinwood&nd Mr. Starkey, were denied to come in, when they came to demand Entrance, to have the Common Seal': But he heard none of the Inhabitants ask to come in, to give a Vote.

Lord Sterling, Tho. Porter, Gilman, Wm. Roe,

prove, That the Election in the Hall was a little after Eleven of the Clock; and that the Election at the Cross was over, before the Precept was read at the Iiall; as they believe, by the Computation of Time.

They further produced the several Records and Books following; to prove the Election to be in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgessses, not exceeding the Number of Thirty; viz.

35. Hen. VIII. ----- Major, Ballivi, <§’ elege-

runt,----- Dat* sub CommuniSisillo, Aula

Regia.

1. Edw. VI.-----14. Elis. 30. 43. Eliz.

-----1. Jacobi.-----7. Jacobi.-----18. Jacobi.-----21.

Jacobi.-----1. Car.I.----- Eodem Anno.-----3. Car. I.

Two Indentures-----15. CarI.-----16. Car. I.-----

13. Car. II.-----29. Car. 11: All these are by the Mayor,

Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and under the Common Seal; and most of them dated in the Guildhall of

A Report of Serjeant Charlelon, upon the Dispute of the Election of Sir Rich.Brah and Sir Thomas Hig-gons, in 1661, was read; whereby it was resolved, That the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, not above Thirty in Number, have only Right to elect.

The Book of Entries of the Town of was

read; whereby it appears, that Three several Elections, in Queen Elizabeth's Reign, were by a Number not exceeding Thirty.

W hereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions following;

Resolved, Scc. That the Mayor, Bailitis, and Burgesses, of A ew Windsor, not exceeding the Number of I hirty,

have not the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, See. That the Borough of Windsor has

a Right to send Burgesses to Parliament by Prescription.

Resolved, Scc. That the Inhabitants of the Borough of Nero Windsor have the Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, See. That Sir John Ernie and Mr. are not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Nero Windsor.

Resolved, Sec. That Mr. Wim and Mr. Starkey are not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of New

Resolved, Sec. That the late Election of Members to Serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of New Windsor, is a void Election.

The First Second, Third, and Fourth Resolves were read a Second time; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of New Windsor, not exceeding the Number of Thirty, have not the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, the Borough of Nezv Windsor has a Right to send Burgesses to Parliament by Prescription.

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That all the Inhabitants of the Borough of New Windsor have the Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, Scc.That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir John Ernie and Mr. Powney are not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of New Windsor.

The Fifth Resolve being read a Second time;

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee, That Mr. Winwood and Mr. Starkey are not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of New Windsor.

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

A. 167.9.

the Noes, 189.

} for the Yeas, 153.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Scc. That Mr. Winwood and Mr. Starkey are duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown, and the Mayor of the Borough of New Windsor, do attend on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, and amend the Return for the said Borough.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That he had re- Mr. Speaker ceived a Letter from Mr. Reading, intimating, That he communi-had Matters of great Importance to the King and Kingdom to communicate to this House; and therefore desired to be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the further Examination of Mr. Reading be referred to the Committee of Secrecy: And they are to make Report thereof to the House this Afternoon at Six of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do take Care, that no Person be admitted to have Access to Mr. Reading, except the Committee of Secrecy; nor to make use of Pen, Ink or Paper, but in the Presence of the Serjeant.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Five of the Clock in the Afternoon

Fiinl'i

OnlL

iftllSl

jjcllil1

Post Meridiem.

Mr Sachavercllreports from the Committee of Secrecy, Address for

That they had several times examined Mr. Nathanael Reading-, and likewise the Witnesses against him: The Effect of which Examinations he acquainted the House with.

Resolved, Scc. That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty to give Order, That a Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer may be forthwith issued out for the Trying of Mr. Nathanael Reading.

And it is referred to Mr. Porvlc, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Henry Capcll, Sir Wm. Poullney, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Winnington, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Sachavercll, Mr Sir Thomas Clerges, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant* Warrants requiring all Sheriff's, Bailiff's, Constables, and all other his Majesty’s Officers and Subjects, to be aiding and assisting to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Lords Amend- Attamdtr ments to the Bill of Attainder against Thomas Earl of / 0 Danby be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the further Examination of the Matter Information of Mr. Everard's Information against Sir John Robinson,

a Member of this House, be adjourned till Thursday next:

And that Mr. Oats and his "Witnesses do then attend.

Ordered, That Sir John Robinson, on Monday next, do Commit-bring into this House the Warrants of Commitment of {nen,s of the Lords in the Tower; and likew ise the Orders, and a

List of the Names of the Persons that w>ere admitted to have Access to them; and all other Orders that relate to them.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

r itji {

bk'iH

Tk

hi

tail

Luna, 7°die Aprilis, \679-

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived; and Committees. do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

31 Gar. II.

7° Apri.

587

Privilege.

The House being informed of a Breach of Privilege Thaton Morning next, at Ten Militia,

committed by one Richard Blyih a Constable, in con- of the Clock, the House will resolve itself into a Com-temning the Orders of this House, by refusing to aid and mittee of the whole House, to consider how to improve

itt

k

assist the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

Ordered, That the said Richard Blyth be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege at the Bar of this House.

the Militia for the Safety of the King and Kingdom.

Sir Thomas Meers reports from the Committee of East Grim-Elections and Privileges, that the Committee had taken Elec" into Consideration the Matter of the Election for the

Back-door of Ordered\

Speaker's

Chamber,

&c.

H,

!/>

it

Chamber be locked up; and that the Keys do lie upon the Table, whilst the House is sitting: And that the Window next adjoining to the said Door be shut up.

Complaint against a Member.

ed, That the Back-door belonging to the Speakers Do[°^hh of and had agreed upon a Re-

r be locked up; and that the Keys do lie upon to be.de to ,th* hlch he re|ad

1 Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk s

Table: Where the same was twice read; and upon the

Question, severally agreed to; and is as followeth;

The Question was, Whether the Inhabitants at large, or the Burgageholders alone, had the Right of Election of

Members to Parliament, for the Borough oiEastGrimstead.

The Inhabitants the Petitioners produced the several

Records following, to prove Grimstead a Borough by

Prescription; and that all the Inhabitants have Right to

vote in Elections,

i. Maria.----- The Bailiff, Burgesses, and all other the

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the Complaint against Sir Robinson, a Member of this House, touching the Lords and other Prisoners in the Tower, and other his Miscarriages; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Athony Irby, Sir Richard Corbet, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Garra-way, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Talbot, Sir Musgrave, Sir JVm. Franklyn, Sir Robert Qeyton, Sir

Robert Peyton, Sir Henry Ford, Mr. Colonel

Birch, Sir JVm. Coventry, Mr. Reynall, Mr.

Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Nic. Carcrw, Mr. Duboys, Sir Tho. Player, Sir Philip Skippon, Sir John Guyes, Sir Trevor, Sir JVm. Roberts, Thompson,* Browne, Mr. Foley,

SirEdzvardHarley, Mr. Booth, Sir Air.

Porch', Sir John Mallet, Mr. Hamden, Sir Robert Markham, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Sir

lliceRudd, Mr. Barker, Sir George Hungerford: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber: A nd are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Message fmm the King — Jafonmtion from a Pri-

Thanks for Message.

w

ach-of Earl /ys,6cc.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That Mr. Chejfinch had received a Letter from inti-

mating, That he had Matters of great Importance concerning the Prisoners in the Tower, and the present Plot; souer. which he desired might first be communicated to his Majesty, or One of his Principal Secretaries: And his Majesty, having been made acquainted with the Contents of the said Letter, did declare, That he would not intermeddle with any Prisoner committed by this House: And that his Majesty would (if the House thought fit) not only permit him, but lay his Commands on him, that whatsoever he knew of that A flu ir, or intended to have communicated

to his Majesty, or his Secretaries, he Should franklyand freely impart the same to the House of Commons, or the Committee of Secrecy by them appointed.

Resolved, &c.That the humble Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Message this Day sent to this House by Mr. Secretary Coventry: And that his Majesty be humbly desired to lay his Commands upon Mr. Reading, to impart to this House, or the Committee of Secrecy by this House appointed, what he knows or intended to have communicated to his Majesty, or his Secretaries, concerning the Prisoners in the Tower, or the present Plot.

Ordered, Hiat Mr. Secretary Coventry do present to his Majesty the humble Thanks of this House.

Ordered, That the further Examination of Mr. Redding be referred to the Committee of Secrecy: And that Mr. Secretary Coventry do communicate to Mr. Redding his Majesty’s Pleasure, in Answer to his sent to

Mr. Cluj/inch.

The Articles of Impeachment Treason, and

other High Crimes and Offences, against Earl of

Inhabitants, of their common Assent, have elected —

30. Eliz. ]----- The Bailiff’, Burgesses, and In-

21. Jacobi. Jhabitants, of their common Assent,

jointly together, have chosen--

1. Car. 1.----- The Bailiff’ and Commonalty, for and

in the Name of themselves, and the rest of the Burgesses and Commons of the Commonalty of the said Borough, have chosen-----

They offered several other Records to prove the same; But the Counsel of the other Side admitted, they were to the same purpose.

Then the several Witnesses followingwere examined M r. Robert Goodwyn says, He has known this Borough

above Sixty Years, and served in Parliament for the same in the 18 ffacobi, and in several Parliaments afterwards; and, in all his Elections, the Inhabitants as well as the Burgageholders chose him, and voted in ail Elections from the Eighteenth King ./i/mw till his Majesty’s Restauration, when lie gave over standing by reason of his Old-age: And says, He searched the Records; and found by live of them, that the Inhabitants had Right to vote in Elections; and therefore he took them in all his Elections.

Thomas Cocket says, He was an Inhabitant, and no Burgageholder; and yet voted in an Election, Forty Years ago, for Mr. Goodwyn.

Robert Mathms, and another, say. They were present at the Election for East Grimstead, in February last; and, alter the Precept was read by the Bailiff, about Sixty of the Inhabitants demanded the Poll for Mr.: But

the Bailiff denied them; and thereupon they voted for Mr. Powle, and elected him, and signed and sealed an

Indenture, whereby he is returned One of the Burgesses.

They say, That Mr. Penile had about Sixty Voices, but no other Competitor had above Eighteen.

The Inhabitants offered other Evidence: But theCounsel of all Sides agreed, That the Inhabitants at large have Right to elect; and that Mr. Powle was well elected.

Then the Counsel for Mr. Scroggs pretended to prove their Client elected in the next Place: But he, in his Petition, only asserting himself w'ell elected, and not denying the Election of Mr. Pelham, Mr. Scroggs' Counsel, and all other the Counsel and Witnesses, were made to withdraw.

The Counsel for the Inhabitants did not oppose Mr. Pelham.

After Debate; the Committee came to these Resolves. Resolved, See.That the Borough of East Grimstead in the

Powys, JViltiam Viscount Stafford, Henry Lord Arundell County of is an ancient Borough by Prescription

of Wardour, Hilliam Lord Pet re, and John Lord now Prisoners in the Tower, w,ere read.

Ordered, That the Lord Russel do carry up the said Articles of Impeachment to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspect and state the Accompts relating to the Army, do make their Report on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock. Vol. IX.

Resolved, Sic.That the Inhabitants, as well as the Burgageholders, of the Borough of East Grimstead in the County of Sussex, have Right to vote in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

And, upon Debate and Consideration, That Mr. Scroggs had not petitioned against Mr. Pelham;

Resolved, &c. I hat Mr. Scroggs his Counsel and Witnesses shall not be called in to be heard against M r. Pelham.

Resolved,

5S8

8° Aprilis.

A, 1679.

Resolved, &c. That Edward Sackvile Esquire was not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of East Grimstead in the County of Sussex.

Resolved, &c. That Henry Esquire is duly

elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of East Grimsteadin the County of Sussex.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Borough of East Grimstead in the County of Sussex is an ancient Borough by Prescription.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Inhabitants, as well as the Bur-gageholders, of the Borough of East Grimstead in the County of Sussex, have Right to vote in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Edward Sackvile Esquire was not duly

elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of East Grimstead in the County of Sussex.

Resolved, Sic. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Henry Powle Esquire is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of East Grimstead in the County of

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning; and mend the Return.

Lords Amendments to

The House took into Consideration the Amendments nendments ma(]e t(je Lords to the Bill of Attainder of Thomas

by's Attain- of Dauby of High Treason,

der Bill. And the Amendments being read;

The First Amendment, which relates to the Title, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Second and Third Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Fourth Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, For agreeing to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fifth Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed.

The Sixtli and Seventh Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, To agree to the said Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, To agree to the Amendment that was postponed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference, together with Mr. Garraway, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. ReynalMr. Sir Robert Ctcy-

ton, or any Three of them, do prepare and draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be bad with the Lords, Why this House have disagreed with their Lordships in several of their Amendments to the Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Earl of Danby of High Treason.

Tangier.

annexing

Wilcocks*

Petition.

Convocation

Oath*.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, For Tangier to the Imperial Crown of England: And is referred to Lord Cavendish, Mr. Sir John Mallet,

Sir Francis Wilmington, Mr. Love, or any Three of them,

to prepare and draw up the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis,8° die Aprilis, 1679-

Praters.

A PETITION of Charles Wilcocks, against Sir John Robinson, a Member of this House, being presented to be read, was, upon the Question, rejected.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to disable any Person from sitting in any of the Houses of Convocation, till he hath taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration therein mentioned, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Thomas Sir Anthony

Irby, Sir John Mallet, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Wm. Es-

court, Doctor Jacob, Sir James Oxenden, Mr. Boscawen,

Mr. Hamden, Mr. Wright, Sir7%o. Middleton, Sir Franck Drake, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm. Poultney, Sir Trevor

Williams, Colonel Birch, Serjeant Seys, Sir Henry Ford,

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, S i r John Hew ley, Sir Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Mild-may, Sir Walter Young, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. Duboys, and all the Members that serve for the Universities of Oxf 'ot'dand Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Duchy Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir 7o/m Hewley, Mr. Bennet, S\r Thomas Attainder Clerges, and Mr. Booth, be added to the Members ap- Earluf pointed to prepare and draw up Reasons to be offered at Udn' a Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Earl of Danby of High Treason.

The House being informed from the Committee of Committen Secrecy, That it was the Desire of the said Committee, a<idt<i' that Sir John Trevor might be added to the said Committee; he having been Chairman of the Committee of Secrecy in the late Parliament, and acquainted with the Evidence and Proceeding relating to the Plot, and very necessary to be added for carrying on the Service of the House;

And it being also moved, That he may be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Ordered, That Sir John Trevor be added to the Committee of Secrecy; and also to the Committee of Elections and Privileges.

Ordered, That no Member do depart the Service of Members not the House, without Leave first asked and obtained, after 40 <!spart Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of Richard Bly/h, now in Custody of the Privilege-Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of *jJdli" Privilege, in contemning the Order of this House, and a refusing to assist the said Serjeant at Arms, was read; whereby the Petitioner acknowledges his Offence, and craves Pardon of the House; and desires to be discharged of his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Richard Blyth, be called in to the Bar of the House; and discharged, paying his Fees.

And the said Richard Blyth being called in to the Bar of the House, and there kneeling; after Mr. Speaker had given him a Reproof, acquainted him, That he was discharged of his Commitment, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Trade do sit Commits on Saturday next. of Trade.

Ordered, That Sir John Wynn, Sir Robert Peyton, Mr.

St. John, Sir Nath.Herne, Alderman Sir A nth.

Irby, Mr. Pi/kington, Sir John Reresby, Sir Henry Ford,

Mr. Johnson, Sir PhilipEgerton, Sir Mr.

Duboys, Sir Gervase Elwes, Sir Tho. Mr. Love,

Air. Woogan, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. Foley, Sir Francis Winnington, and all the Alembers that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, be added to the Committee appointed to consider, Which of the Temporary Laws are fit and necessary to be continued; and to hear the Complaints of the Hackney Coachmen.

Mr. Powle reports from the Committee appointed to Lor<j, prepare and draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference Amendmscti to be had with the Lords, touching the Amendments to Earl Dan-made by their Lordships to the Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Earl of Danby of High Treason; That the Committee had agreed upon Reasons: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreeed; and are as followeth; vit.

24 The

Con'c

<k>*

loitf'

Acck

TrJ

ItN

gjr-^ar & st. M. g' & JS

5.

*K

to-

.tfk

of>

PC

HE*

*;j

k

tfr

I.;.

31 Car. II.

‘The Addition to the Title doth shew, That the Amendments, made by your Lordships to the Bill, do wholly alter the Nature of it; and, from a Bill of Attainder, have converted it into a Bill of Banishment; Which the Commons cannot consent to, for these Reasons;

That Banishment is not the legal Judgment in Cases of High T reason; And the Earl of Dauby, being impeached by the Commons of High Treason, and fled from Justice, hath thereby confessed the Charge; and therefore ought to have the Judgment of High Treason for his Punishment.

The Banishment being not the Punishment the Law inflicts upon those Crimes, the Earl of Danby might make use of this Remission of his Sentence as an Argument, that either the Commons were distrustful of their Proofs against him; or else that the Crimes are not in themselves of so high a Nature as Treason.

That the Example of this would be an Encouragement to all Persons that Should be hereafter impeached by the Commons, to withdraw themselves from Justice (which they would always be ready to do, if not prevented by a Commitment upon their Impeachment); and thereby hope to obtain a more favourable Sentence in a legislative way, than yourk Lordships would be obliged to pass upon them in your judicial Capacity.

The Amendments being all in order to these Alterations, the Commons do not agree to them, for the former Reasons.

Conference Ordered, That Mr. Booth do go up to the Lords, to desired with desire -a Conference with the Lords, upon the Amend-lx, rd3* ments, by them made, to the Bill of Attainder against the Earl of Danby.

589

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the $amc in at the Clerk s rl able; Where the same was again read, and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth;

May it please Your Most Excellent Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects the Commons, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly represent to Your Majesty, That Thomas Earl of , late High Treasurer of England, stands now impeached in Parliament of High Treason, and other High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and that the said Thomas Earl of Danby, with an Intent to delay and obstruct the Execution of Justice upon him, hath concealed and withdrawn himself: Your Majesty’s obedient Subjects do therefore humbly beseech Your Majesty, That Your Majesty will be graciously pleased to cause Your Proclamation to issue forth, commanding the said Thomas Earl of Danby forthwith to render himself, in order to his Tryal: And that Your Majesty will be pleased to eom-mand all Your Officers and Ministers of Justice to use their utmost Diligence to apprehend the said Thomas Earl of Danby; and also to require all Your Majesty’s Subjects, that they, nor any of them, oft’er to conceal or harbour the said Earl of Danby: And likewise, That Your Majesty will signify Your Royal Pleasure, that all the Officers of Your Majesty’s Houshold do take Care, that no Person whatsoever do permit or sutt'er the said Thomas Earl of Danby to conceal himself in any of Your Majesty’s Palaces. In the Granting of all which, Y our Commons will have great Cause to rejoice, and give \ our Majesty humble Thanks, for Your Majesty’s great W ill-iogne:-s to grant the humble Desires of Your People.

8° Apri

Address for Trial of Heading.

Mr. Vaughan reports from the Committee appointed Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his

to prepare and draw up an Address to be presented to Ills Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty, beseeching his Majesty to give Order, that a, Majesty's Privy Council, special Commission of Oyer and Terminer may be im

mediately issued forth, for the Trying of Nathanael Reading Esquire, That the Committee had prepared such an Address: Which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth; vis.

May it please Your Majesty, WE Your Majesty’s most Dutifi

Dutiful and Loyal Subjects

the Commons, in Parliament assembled, having, according to our Duty, made Inquiry into the damnable and hellish Plot against Tour Majesty's Sacred Person and Government, and for the Extirpation of the Protestant Religion, have, upon Examination, discovered, That Nathanael Reading Esquire hath industriously, and against the Duty of a loyal Subject, held frequent Correspondencies with several Lords and other Persons that stand committed for High Treason; and also used his utmost Endeavours, to prevent and suppress Y our Majesty’s Evidence; and, as much as in him lay, to stifle the Discovery of the said Plot, and thereby to render the same fictitious, and of no Reality; and by such undue Means to prevent the Malefactors from coming to Justice: Therefore we Y our said Commons do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, That You will be graciously pleased to command, that a Commission of Oyer and Terminer do immediately issue forth, for the Tryal of the said Nathanael Reading, for the said Offence, that so he may be brought to publick Justice.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council.

for Mr. Bennet reports from the Committee appointed to d- draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty, to issue out his Royal Proclamation, for the Apprehending of Thomas Earl of Danby, That the Committeehad agreed upon, an Address; Which he read

A Stroke is made across these Reasons, as if it was intended they Should be struck out.

Vol. IX.

Mr. Booth acquaints the House, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference.

Ordered, That the Members that prepared the Reasons, do attend, and manage the Conference.

Mr. Sachaverell reports from the Committee of Secrecy, That the Committee had further examined Mr. Reading: The Effect of which Examination he reported to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given for the Carrying of Mr. Reading before a Justice of Peace, to the end he may be examined, and proceeded against, according to Law.

The House being informed, that one Mr. Sing, a noted Papist, was in the Lobby;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do forthwith bring Air. Sing to the Bar of this House.

The House then proceeded to the Business of the Day, touching the Consideration of the Act against the Importation of Irish Cattle:

And the Order being read;

The Question was put, That the House will now resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act against the Importing of Cattle from Ireland, and other Places beyond the Seas; and pish taken by Foreigners:

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

* Noes, . 63.

Tellers, ‘ivtiliams, } for the Ycos> '9a-And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act against the Importation of Cattle from Ireland, and other Places beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

7 K Sir

Lords agree to Conference.

Examination of Reading.

A Papist to be

apprehended.

Irish Cattle,

59° 8°-9°

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

House to sit

t*. M.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords intend to sit this Afternoon; and desire this House will do the like.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to sit this Afternoon.

And the Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House did agree to sit this Afternoon.

Irish Cattle, Resolved, Scc. That this House will, on Thursday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, further to consider of the Act against the Importing of Cattle from Ireland, and other Places beyond the Seas; and Pish taken by Foreigners; the first business.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

Lfave of ORDERED, That Mr. have Leave to

Absence. g0 into the Country for Two Days.

Liberty of A Bill for the better Securing the Liberty of the Sub-ttae Subject, ject, was read a Third time.

And some Amendments being made at the Table;

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject; and for Prevention of Imprisonment beyond the Seas.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clerges do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Examina- Mr. Sachax'erell reports from the Committee of Seasons U'° crecy> Lhat they had taken the Examinations of Mr.

Castleton and Mr. Brent: The Effect whereof he delivered to the House.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Gorcing have Leave to go into the Country.

Privilege — The House being informed of certain scandalous and

Scandalous dangerous Words, spoken by Mr. Charles a

01 s* Gentleman Pensioner to his Majesty; and that the Examinations, touching the same, were taken upon Oath, before a Justice of Peace;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the Matter of the said Information; and to send for and hear the Witnesses; and to report the Matter, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Pilkington, Sir Nathanael Herne, Sir Chr. Sir Francis Drake,

Sir Tho.Stringer, Mr. Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. May, Sir Patience Mr. Love, Mr.

Booth, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Thomas Player, Sir

Bernardiston, Sir Robert Cleyton, Col. Titus, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Thyn, Lord Deincourt, Sir John Herr ley, Mr. Duboys, Sir Tho.Clerges, Si Knight, Mr. Bosceruen:

And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Conference A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Balduyn on Bill for oncl Sir Miles Cooke;

Earl" Danby. ^r- Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning Matters in the Bill concerning the Earl of The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet the Lord.s at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

4prilis. A. 1679.

And the Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House did agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference, do attend, and manage this Conference.

Sir Francis fTinning tan reports, That the Members appointed had attended at the Conference: And that the Lord Huntington managed the Conference: And that what he delivered, was to the Effect following;

" The Lords have desired this Conference with the House of Commons, not so much to argue and dispute, as to mitigate and reconcile."

" They have already observed, That the Debates of thi$ Bill have given too long and too great an Obstruction to publick Business: And therefore they desire you to believe, that That is the Reason which hath chiefly prevailed with their Lordships, in a Matter of this Nature."

" And upon this Ground it is, that, if a Way may be found to satisfy and secure the publick Fears, by doing less than the Bill you have proposed, the Lords do not think it advisable to insist upon the utmost, and the most rigorous Satisfaction to Publick Justice, which might be demanded."

" To induce you to this Compliance, the Lords do acknowledge, That Banishment is so far from being the legal Judgment in Case of High Treason, that it is not the legal Judgment in any Case whatsoever; since it can never be inflicted but by the Legislative Authority: But they see no Reason, Why the Legislative Authority Should always be bound to act to the utmost Extent of its Power; for there may be a prudential Necessity sometimes of making Abatements, and might be of a fatal Consequence, if it Should not be so."

" And the Lords, to remove all Jealousies of the Precedents of this Kind, do declare, That nothing which hath been done in the Earl of s Case, shall ever be

drawn into Example, for the Time to come; and will so enter it upon their Journal."

" And thereupon their Lordships insist upon their Amendments, so far as to exclude all Attainders: And do promise themselves the Commons will, in this Point, comply with their Lordships; w ho do again assure them, that their Resolutions are grounded only upon their Tenderness, and Consideration of the Publick."

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercttrii, 9° die Aprili 1C79-

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Captain Deeds, and Mr. Evelyn, Leave of have Leave to go into the Country for Five Days. Aljwuce.

Ordered, That Mr. Lisle and Sir Anthony Deane have Leave to go into the Country.

A Bill for the Exporting of Leather was read the First Exporting time. Leather-

Resolved, Ike. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hales have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Week. Absence.

The House then took into Consideration the Matter Lords of the Report, made by Sir Francis from Amendment*

the Conference had with the Lords, touching the Amend- attainii ments made by the Lords to the Bill for the Attainder of Earl Danby. Thomas Earl of Danby.

And the said Amendments being read;

And the Question being severally put, For agreeing to them;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved,

Cofl!

tea

Uji

las

Lfie

Lkc

Cob

Lk

Lite

k

AL

Ah

wit

k

k

A

lr

1

1

Conference desired with Lords.

Tangier.

Leicester

Election.

Committee of Secrecy.

Leicester

Election.

Leave of Absence.

Absentees

without

Leave*

Leave of Absence.

Irivb Cattle.

31 Ca R. II. 9* — 1 o* Jprilis.

Resolved, &c. That the Members that managed the last Conference, do withdraw and consider of Reasons to be offered at a free Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, Why this House hath disagreed with their Lordships in several of their Amendments to the Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Earl of Danin/ of High Treason.

Ordered, That Mr. Gerrat'd to do up to the Lords, to desire a free Conference, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, relating to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Earl of Danby.

Mr. Gerrard reports, That the Lords have agreed to meet this House at a free Conference, in the Painted Chamber, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven of the Clock.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House is of Opinion, That those who shall advise his Majesty to part with Tangier to any foreign Prince or State, or he instrumental therein, ought to be accounted Enemies to the King and Kingdom.

of the Act against the Importing of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Managers of Conference, do attend, and manage the free Conference. Conference.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That his Answers to Majesty had been attended with the Address of this Addresses. House, desiring his Majesty, That a special Commission of Oyer and Terminer may forthwith issue out, for the Trying of Nathanael Redding Esquire: And also with the Address, desiring his Majesty to cause his Proclamation to issue forth, for the apprehending of the Earl of Danby:

And that his Majesty commanded this Answer to be returned;

" That His Majesty hath already given Order for the Suing out of a Special Commission of Oyerand Terminer, for the Trying of Mr. Redding; and will immediately order His Royal Proclamation to issue forth, for the Apprehending of the Earl of Danby"

Ordered, That the Matter of the Election for Shire be heard at the Bar of this House this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy do sit this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock.

Post meridiem diei.

THE House took into Consideration the Matter touching the Election for the County of Leicester; and heard the Counsel, and several Witnesses, on the Part of the Petitioners.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the free Conference, That Conference the Members appointed had attended the Conference; with Lord*, and delivered their Reasons; and left the Bill with the Lords.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the free Conference, do draw up in Writing a Report of such Matters as they shall think fit to be entered in the Journal: And that they do inspect the Journal of the House of Lords, and see what Entries are there made, touching the Commitment of Persons impeached.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Neril have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, in order to the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Air. Clare be appointed to take Care of Trial of the Suing out the Commission of Oyer and Terminer, for Redding, the Trying of Mr. Redding; and Prosecution of the same before the Lords are tried.

Jov is, 10° die 1679* Prayers.

ORDER E D, That Mr. JVadham have

Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That all those Members that were gone out of Town before the Order was made, " That no Member Should depart the Service of the House, without Leave," unless they appear by Monday next come Sevennight,

shall be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Cust have Leave to go into the Country for a Week.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House, further to consider of the Act against the Importing of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had made a considerable Progress in the Consideration of the Act against the Importing of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That as soon as the free Conference with the Lords was ended, the House would again resolve into a Committee of the whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration of the said Act.

Resolved, See. That this House will, immediately after the free Conference is ended, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration. Vol. IX.

The Question being put, That the House do now Adjournment, adjourn;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers, ^lIsKUand,’ } fcrthe Yeas, jk.

SSt¥’ } for the Noes, 192.

And so it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles and House to sit Sir John Hoskins; * M-

Mr. Speaker, The Lords intend to sit this Afternoon; and desire this House will do the like.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, See. That this House will sit this Afternoon.

And the Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House does agree to sit this Afternoon.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Irish Cattle^ whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration of the Act against importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee,

That they had taken the Matter, to them referred, into their Consideration; and had agreed upon a Vote to be presented to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in, to continue the several Acts against importing Cattle from Ireland,

and

ft

o

59*

and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners: With such additional Clauses, as shall make . the Prohibition more effectual.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and draw up a Bill for the Continuing of the several Acts against importing Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners: With such additional Clauses, as shall make the Prohibition more effectual.

And it is referred to Sir John Trevor, Mr. Vaughan, Sir GilbertGerrard, Mr. Booth, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr.

Hamden, Sir John Hotham, Sir Trevor Williams, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Robert Mr. Bockland, Sir Knight, Mr. Duboys, Sir Tho. Stringer, Col. Birch, Mr. Sir Har-

vey, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Harley, Sir John Wyn, Lord Annesley, Mr. Boscaucn, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Powle, Mr. Palmes, Sir RC/eyton, Sir Coventry, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Colt, Sir Nathanael Heme, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Robert Thomas, Sir Thomas Exton, Mr. Wright, or any Three of them; to prepare and draw up the same.

Korfolke Ordered, That the Matter of the Election for the

Election. County of Norfolke, which was appointed to be heard at

\ 1679.

noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Partridge, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Thom. Exto Sir James , Mr. Foot, Mr. Rushxcorth, Dr. Sir Robert

Peyton, Sir Walter Young, Sir Francis Russell, Sip Win. Coventry, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hamden,

Sir Nic.Carexv, Sir Hugh Ackland, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committee* on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon,

in the Places formerly appointed.

Sir Francis Winnington reports the Matter delivered Confer* at the free Conference. "*th Lords.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Saturday next, Nine of the Clock: And that Sir Francis Winnington do then present the same to the House, fairly written.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 11* die Aprilis, 16/9-

H E House being met, in order to repair to the House c* Church, 10

i o" — i r — 120

the Bar of this House upon Saturday next, be adjourned r A till Monday next. JL

Leicester Ordered, That the further Examination, touching the Election. Matter of the Election for the County of Leicester, be heard at the Bar of this House on Saturday next.

Motions for Ordered, That no Motion be made on the Behalf of any Leave of Member, for Leave to go into the Country, but between Absence. the Hour of Ten and Twelve of the Clock.

Adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post meridiem, ejusdem

THE House being again met, in order to repair to House Church, ,0 ChurcL

Leave of Ordei'ed, That Sir Jo have Leave to go Absence. into the Country for Four Days; as likewise Mr. While-head, for a Week.

Ordered, That the Lord Clifford have Leave to go into the Country till Tuesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Five of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post meridiem ejusdem Diei.

Lords desire A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Timothy a Conference. Baldwyn and Sir Miles Cooke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference

with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That this House will meet the Lords at a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

And the Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House did agree to meet the Lords at a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last free Conference, do attend, and manage this free Conference.

Privilege — A Petition of John Nelson Doctor of Laws, now in Petition from Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, setting forth the State a person in cf ijjs (Jas6) relating to the Matter of the Information

nisL" against him, touching the Pamphlet; and begging Par-

don of the House; and praying that he may be discharged of his Confinement; was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Authors and Publishers of tire Two Pamphlets, which were printed by Mr. Hill for Mr. Edxvyn, by Order of the Lord Treasurer; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee he revived; and do /meet on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the After-, 18

Adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Subbati, 12* die Aprilis, 1679*

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Cooke, Sir Robert Cleyton,

Sir Herbei'tCroft, Sir Philip Sir John oaths.

Wynn, Mr. Rich.Mr. Partheridge, Mr. Sterne, be added

to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to disable any Person from sitting in any of the Houses of Convocation, till he hath taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir John Cloberryhave Leave to go into i^ave 0( the Country; as likewise Sir Willia Moore. Absence.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be returned Dr. Jane wt to Dr. Jane and Mr. Sharpe, for their Sermons Yesterday Mr. Sharpe preached before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westmm- lhanked* ster: And that they be desired to print their Sermons: And that the Members that serve for the Universities do give them the Thanks of this House; and acquaint them with the Desire of the House, to print their Sermons.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect* Prevention the Laws that are now in Force against Swearing, Cursing, o^Swearinj, Drunkenness, Sabbath-breaking, and Uncleanness, and c' to bring in a Bill or. Bills, for the more effectual Prevention thereof.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Duboys,

Sir James Smith, Sir Richard Corbet, Mr. Mr,

Partheridge, Sir Jos. Williamson, Mr. Wright, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Onslow, Sir William Thomas, Sir John Wynn,

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Afr. Booth, Sir Charles

Mr. Beake, Sir John Knight, Sir Franklyn, Sir Thomas C/ergis, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Richard Cast, Air Pitt, Sir Thomas Armstrong, Sir IV Mr. Hamden, Mr. Sterne, Alaster of the Rolls, Sir Tho-

mas Stringer, Sir Robert Thomas, Sir Henry Foord, Sir Peter Tyrrell, Sir. Francis Drake, Sir John Borlace,

Air.

Leave of Absence.

Call of the House.

Information against Mr. Castle ton.

Army

Accounts.

Conference on Lari of Danby’s Attainder Bill.

31 Car. II.

Mr. Nosworthy, Sir John He Sir Nic. Carew, Mr.

Slater, Col. Titus, Sir John Sir George Doom-

ing, Mr. Henley, Sir Robert Peyton, Mr. Gerrard: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Ashley and Mr. Parkhurst have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the House be called over on Friday in Easter Week: And that such Members as shall then make Default, in attending the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House: And that this Order be sent to the Sheriffs of the respective Counties; to the end they may give Notice thereof to the Members that serve for the several Places within their Counties.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the Information against Mr. Castleton; and to report the same, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, on Monday Morning next.

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Swin Mr. Sir

Henry Foord, Sir James Long, Sir Tho. Mr. Du-

boys, Mr Love, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Wright, Sir Robert

Markham, Mr. Vernon, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Rickard Corbett, Sir Trevor Williams, Col, Birch, Mr.;

or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect and state the Accompts relating to the Army, do make a Report thereof to the House, on Tuesday next, at Ten of the Clock.

Sir Francis Wimungtonacquaints the House, That, in

Pursuance of an Order of the House, he had drawn up, in Writing, the Substance of the Matter that was delivered at the last free Conference with the Lords: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth, viz.

At a free Conference with the Lords, relating to the Passing the Bill of Attainder against Thomas Earl of Danby, the Substance of the Matters proposed by the Lords was as followeth;

The Lord Privy Seal said, That the Commons might see, by the present quick free Conference which the Lords desired, that their Lordships did shew their Willingness, by using all Means possible, to reconcile both Houses; and to come to such an Understanding, as to pass the Bill with all Expedition.

He declared, That the Reasons of the Commons, for passing the Bill as they proposed, were unanswerable; and therefore the Lords were content to make the Bill absolute, without giving the Lord of Danby any Day to appear; and the Penalties to continue.

He observed, That the Lord impeached would not only, by the Passing of this Bill, be ruined, together with his Family; but likewise those Acquisitions which he got by the Marriage into a noble Family, w'ould be lost.

And he intimated, That if the House of Commons would have any other Penalties added to the Bill, their Lordships would leave it to the Commons; so that they run not to the absolute Destruction of the Lord impeached.

And the Lord Privy Seal took notice, That, although Reason and Justice were of the Commons Side, yet, in a Legislative Capacity, they were to consider Circumstances, in relation to the Good of the Publick.

Upon this, his Lordship said, That in the Transaction Vol. IX.

59$

of this Affair, there were Two great Points gained by this House of Commons:

The first was, That Impeachments made by the Commons in one Parliament, continued from Session to Session, and Parliament to Parliament; notwithstanding Prorogations or Dissolutions. 0

The other Point was, That, in Cases of Impeachments, upon Special Matters shewn, if the Modesty-of the Party impeached directs him not to withdraw, the Lords admit, that, of Right, they ought to order him to withdraw'; and that afterwards he must be committed.

His Lordship observed, That a Member of the House of Commons mentioned the Earl of Clarendon & Case at the free Conference in the Morning: But, in regard That Case was General, and not Special Matter shewn, it was not like This: And therefore, he did not understand, the Lords intended to extend the Points of Withdrawing, and Commitment to General Impeachments, without Special Matter alledged: For if. . Should be otherwise, the Lords did not know how' many of their Lordships might be picked out of their House of a sudden.

The Earl o {Shaftesburysaid, That they were as willing

to be rid of the Earl of Danby as the Commons: And, in the first Place, as to the Right of the Commons, That, upon Impeachments, the Lord accused ought to withdraw7, and then be committed, he said. Their Lordships did agree it was their Right, and well warranted by Precedents of former1 Ages: And, as to the Distinction, that the Lord Privy Seal made, where the Impeachments w ere General, and when Special Matter was alledged, he said, The Lords gave no Order to make any such Distinction; for that General Impeachments were notin the Case. And the Duke of Monmouth and Lord Faucon-bergeaffirmed the same; and that the Earl of Shaftesbury w as in the right, and delivered the true Sense of the Lords. . He also said, That the Expression which was sent with Reasons from the Lords the other Day,

" That the Lords would not draw into Example the Proceedings of the Earl of Danby, but would vacate them,’’ they intended That to extend only to the Points of Not w ithdrawing, and Not committing.

He likewise declared, That the Way now proposed, he thought, would be a Means to have the Bill pass:

For the Commons might have other Penalties, it they would, as Confiscation of Estate: And, although they had no particular Order to mention Honours, yet by the general Words he thought Honours were included: And, if they were insisted on by the Commons, he knew not but they might be agreed to be inserted in the Bill.

He desired the Commons would consider, that there w ere weighty Reasons, which w ere better understood than expressed, that prove it necessary for the Good of the Publick, that this Bill Should speedily pass.

The Commons replied, That they hoped their Lordships did not think the Commons did take it as if they had now gained any Point: For that the Points which their Lordships mentioned as gained, were nothing but what was agreeable to the ancient Course and Methods of Parliament.

The House then took into Consideration the First,

Fourth, Sixth, and Seventh Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Earl of Danby of High Treason.

And the said Amendments being read;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth adhere to the Words of the said Bill, mentioned in the First, Fourth,

Sixth, and Seventh Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lqe do go up to the Lords, House to sit to acquaint them that this House doth intend to sit this p-M* Afternoon; and desires that their Lordships will do the like.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

7L

12° jiprilis.

594

Leicester

Election.

Norfolke

Election.

Corse Castle Election.

ia° — 140

A. 1679.

Lords sit P. M.

Committees

added.

Conference on Earl of Dan by’s Attainder Bill.

Post meridiem ejusdem Did.

ORDERED, That the further Examination of the Matter of the Election for the County of,

which was appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House this Day, be adjourned till Monday Morning next; and to come on, the first Business.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Election for the County of Norfolke, which was appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House on Monday next, be adjourned till Tuesday next; and be heard immediately after the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect and state the Accounts relating to the Army.

Sir Thomas Zee acquaints the House, That the Lords have resolved to sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Breman, Sir Tho. Player, Sir Drake, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Hamden, Sir Young,

Mr. Partheridge, Mr. Trencha Sir John Mallet, Mr.

Hopkins, Mr. Slater, Mr. Barber, be added to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Miscarriages of the High Sheriff of the County of Durham, in setting at Liberty so many Papists, at the Time of the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do go up to the Lords, and desire a free Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Mr. Grey reports, That the Lords have agreed to a present free Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last free Conference, do withdraw, and consider of Reasons to be offered at this free Conference, Why this House has adhered to the Words of the Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Earl of Dauby of High Treason, mentioned in the First, Fourth, Sixth, and Seventh Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill: And that the same Members do attend, and manage the said Conference.

Sir Tho. Meers reports, That the Members appointed had attended at the free Conference; and delivered their Reasons; and left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords.

Sir Thomas Meers reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, That the Committee had taken into Consideration the Matter of the Election for the Borough of Corse Castle; and had agreed upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as followeth;

The Question was, Whether the Freeholders only of Lands or Houses in the said Borough, that paid Scotland Lot, or all the Freeholders and Leaseholders generally, had Right to vote in Elections; and whether the Petitioner, or the Sitting Member, had most Voices.

Sir Nathaniel Napier produced the several Witnesses following; viz.

Richard Jones, Richard PaynteEdward John

Symms, Mr. Dugdale, prove, That the Freeholders, Leaseholders, and Chattel Leases, have always had Right to vote: And a blind Man, a Beggar, that had a Cottage, was fetched and had a Vote in a former Election: And all Tenants for Twenty Years or more had Votes in Elections: And that one Paynter had a Vote in my Lord Lat timer's Election, and had but a Lease for Years of Mr. Ogden, and paid to Church and Poor: And that, when my Lord Lattimer was chosen, the Mayor invited all to

the Election, as well Freeholders as Leaseholders. That at this Election the poor Men were courted, as well as the Rich: And that Mr. William Culliford, an Agent for my Lord Dunblahie, gave some Eighteen-pence, and One a Shilling, for their Hindrance of Work half a Day, as they bragged; and Edward Kennell'& Man particularly,

22

who said he had also a Guinea given by the said Mr.

Culliford, for his Vote in this Election.

And that Sir Nath. Napier in this Election had Thirty-six Voices that pay Scotland Lot, of which but Five were questioned by the Mayor; and my Lord Dunblaine but Sixteen or Fifteen.

My Lord Dunblaine produced the several Witnesses following,. to prove the Right of Election in the Freeholders paying Scotland Lot only; and that he had the Majority of Voices at this Election.

Mr. Culliford says. He was at my Lord Lattimer

Election; and all the Barons agreed, That the Mayor,

Barons, and Freeholders paying Scotland Lot, and no other, had Right to vote in Elections.

Win. Cullifoi'd, Char. Osborne, prove, That the Mayor, being doubtful who had a Right to vote, asked the Barons; who told him, All Freeholders, paying Scotland Lot, had Right: And that at the Election they were present: And that my Lord Dunblaine had Twenty-one Voices, and Sir Nath. Napier but Twenty, that paid Scotland Lot: And that they examined my Lord Dunblains Poll with the Poors Books, and found all the Twenty-one but Mr. Culliford paid Scotland Lot: And prove that several were threatened, if they voted for my Lord Dun-blaine; and others were proffered Money.

Mr. Jones proves, That Mr. Ogden gave Five Pounds to the Poor; and he never used to give Money to the Poor: But he says, None of the Voters.

Sir Wm. Port man, Mr. Savage, Mr. Earle, several Members of the House, that were at the Election, did affirm, That Sir Nath. Napier, as they thought, had the Majority of Voices.

Whereupon the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Peregrine Lord Viscount Dunblaine is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Castle in the County of Dorsctt.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Nathanael Napier is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Castle in the County of Dorsctt.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Peregrine Lord Viscount Dunblaine is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Castle in the County of Dorsett.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Nath. Napier is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Castle in the County of Dorsett.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend on Monday next, and mend the Return for the Borough of Corse Castle.

Ordered, That Edward Dackomb Mayor of the Borough of Corse Castle be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer his Miscarriages in the Returning of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Castle.

Resolved, &c. That it be a Standing Order of the Choosing^' House, That, from henceforth, upon any Vacancy of sPeakers-the Chair, no Motion be made for Choosing of a new Speaker, till after Eleven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 14* die Aprilis, 1679.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Clerk of the Crown be called Corse Castle, in, to amend the Returns for the Boroughs of Corse &c- Return* Castle and EastGrimstead. amende.

And the Clerk of the Crown being called in, did, according to the Order of the House, amend the said Returns.

A Petition

rrc:

i’#

M

In*

reff"

Lon

the'

Lei

Al*

Mid

<ut

Jw

lb

I,

h

lie

*Tregony

Ejection.

EastGrim-stead Writ.

Lords

Proceedings respecting Lords in the Tower.

Leave of Absence.

Militia.

State of the Navy.

Uewdly

Election.

Bewdly

Election.

Conference on Earl of Dan by's Attainder Bill.

31 Car. II.

14° — -150 Apritis.

A Petition of Joseph Sawle Esquire, complaining of several undue Practices in the Portreve of the Borough of Tregony in the County of Cornwall, and the High

Sheriff of the said County, in returning John Tanner Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the said Borough, in Injury of the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, Sec. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter of the Complaint; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Powle, being elected to serve in this present Parliament, hotb for the Borough of Cyrencester in the County of Glocesler, and for the Borough of East stead in the County of Sussex, makes his Choice to serve for the said Borough of Cyrencester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grimstead in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journal of the House of Lords; and see what Entries are there made, of any Orders touching the giving Copies to the Lords in the Tower, of the Examinations of the Witnesses against them.

And it is referred to Mr. T, Sir John Trevor, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Thomas Stringer, Mr. Sir

Francis Wilmington, or any Two of them; and to make

Report thereof to the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Lowther, Sir Nicolas and Sir Robert Reeves, have Leave to go into the Country.

Resolved, See. That the House will, on Wednesday next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration the State of the Kingdom in reference to the Militia.

Resolved, See. That this House will, on Thursday next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration the State of the Kingdom; and how the Navy may be made more useful for the Defence thereof.

595

ference had with the Lords, That the Conference was managed by the Lord Privy Seal: And that what he delivered was to this Effect:

That the Lords hoped this would be a concluding Conference.

That the Lords having taken into Consideration the Incongruity in the Bill, intimated at the last free Conference* had agreed, That in the Nineteenth Line of the First Skin " the Fifteenth of April" Should be made " the Ojne-and-twentieth of Apriland, in the Twenty-fourth Line of the same Skin, that " the Tenth5' Should also be made " the One-and-tw entieth And had agreed

to the Bill without any further Amendments: To which they desired the Concurrence of this House.

The said Amendments being thrice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House has agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill for the Attainder of Thomas Earl of Danby of High Treason

And that Sir Francis Winnington do go up with the Message.

The House then did proceed to the further Hearing Leicester of the Matter of the Election for the County of Leicester: Election. And, having examined the Remainder of the Witnesses on the Part of the Petitioner;

The Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

And so it passed in the Negative.

The House then heard the Counsel on the Part of the Sitting Members, and examined some of their Witnesses.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 15° die Aprilis, 1679-

Prayers.

SIR Henry Ford reports from the Committee ap- Information pointed to examine the Matter of the Information ^lt"*|0I1>r’ against Mr. That the Committee had taken

the Matter of the said Information into their Consideration; and had agreed upon a Report: W hich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w as again read; and is as followeth;

In Obedience to the Order of the House of the Twelfth Instant, the Committee have met to examine the Complaint of Mr. against Mr. Castleton, about defaming by several Aspersions, Mr. Stephen the King’s Evidence.

And Mr. appearing before them, did in-

stance in many Discourses which had been used by Mr.

Castleton, to that Effect: Unto which Mr. Castleton made Answer, That, upon the first Tidings of Mr. Dug-dale's Evidence given in the Country, there were various A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Reports here spread about, to Mr. s Disadvan-

Timothy Baldwyn; tage, in reference to Money lost by him at Racing, and

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Con- as if he had behaved himself dishonestly in that Matter; ference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon as also towards the Lopl Aston: And he did acknow ledge, the Subject Matter of the last free Conference. that he made mention to Mr. Chetwind of these Rumours

The Messengers being withdrawn; and Reflections upon Mr. Dugdale, as they were spoken

Resolved, Sec. That this 1 louse will meet the Lords at of by other Men; but that he w as so far from affirming a present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber. any tiling himself, that lie presently writ Letters into

And the Messengers being called in; Mr. Speaker Stafford and, upon the Answers he had from some acquaints them, That this House did agree to meet the Friends there, fie did publish, as much as any Man, the Lords at a present free Conference, in the Painted Cham- Credit of Mr. Dugdale in all Places; and was one of ber, upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference, the first that did visit Mr. Dugdale on his Arrival here.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last free And, in Confirmation hereof, Mr. Chetzcind did own to Conference, do attend and manage this free Conference, the Committee, That Mr. Castleton did, soon after his Sir Francis Wilmington reports from the free Con- first Discourses, come to him, and declare, as to Mr.

Vol. IX. s

Ordered, That the Matter of the Election for the Borough of Bezcdlybe adjourned till Friday in the next Week after Easter Week.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post meridiem ejusdem Diei.

ORDERED, That the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Bezt'dly be heard at the Committee of Elections and Privileges, on Wednesday next in the Afternoon, if the House shall sit that Afternoon: But if the Committee shall not then sit, then that Election to be heard on the first Friday after Easter Week: And that the Hearing of all other Causes before the said Committee be suspended until the said first Friday after Easter Week.

Leave of Absence.

Committee of Secrecy.

Leave of Absence.

Lords Proceeding respecting Lords in the Tower.

Privilege,

596

15* Aprilis.

A. 1679*

Leave of Absence.

Dugdale’s Credit, that he was fully convinced. And Mr. Dugdale also, being at the Committee, did declare, That he was not sensible, that Mr. was his

Enemy, or had done him any Wrong. So that the Committee, finding no other material Complaint than this of the Calumny, are humbly of Opinion, That Mr. Castleton may be discharged from his present Restraint.

And whereas the said Mr. Castleton did represent the great Misfortune he lay under, in having been seized in Custody by the same Warrant wherewith Mr. Redding was taken for Matters of Treason and high Misdemeanor: And that the Report hereof is so far scattered in all Places to his Disadvantage, that most People have called for their Papers out of his Hands; and that he is likely to be ruined in his Livelihood, and Way of Employment, unless the House shall be pleased, by some Vote, to remove the publick Censure which seems to lie upon him, by being involved in that Warrant: The Committee have thought fit to enter into some tender Consideration of this Particular, in regard Mr. Castleton appears, by very many Testimonies, to be a good Protestant, and a Man of sober Life: Rut they do submit his Desires herein, to the Pleasure and Determination of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Castleton be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wright have leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy have Leave to sit from time to time, during the Sitting of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. B/agrave have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Chetxvynd have leave to go into the Country, in order to the Recovery of his Health.

Sir Thomas Stringer reports from the Committee appointed to inspect the Journal of the House of Lords, and see what Entries have been there made, touching the giving Copies to the Lords in the lower, of the Evidence against them, That the Committee had prepared a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and is as followeth:

The Committee, in Obedience to the Commands of this House, have met; and have inspected the Journal of the House of Lords; and find, That, on Wednesday the Ninth of April Instant, it is entered in the Lords Journal Rook as followeth;

" The Lord Chancellor let their Lordships know, that the House hath ordered, That the several Indictments found against them by the Grand Jury, Should be brought into the Lords House by Certiorari: And that their Lordships may take Copies of the Articles of Impeachment against them; and that they shall have Liberty to search and take out Copies of Records and Journals, in order to their Defence."

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the said Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

A Complaint being made, of a Rreach of Privilege committted against Sir Scrope How, a Member of this House, by one Adam Powle Under Sheriff of the City of Worcester, in arresting Robert Hill, a menial Servant of the said Sir Scrope How, at the Suit of one John Sommers an Attorney, contrary to the Rights and Privileges of Parliament;

Ordered, That the said Adam Powle, and John Sommers, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer their Rreach of Privilege committed against Sir Scroope Hmo, by arresting Robert his

menial Servant, contrary to the Rights and Privileges of Parliament

N

Ordered, That Sir John Guyes have leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Fire* ia City concerning the late Fires that have happened in and Londo*. about the City of London; and to report the same to the House: And that the Committee of Secrecy do transmit to this Committee all such Papers and Examinations as they have in their Custody, relating to the Discovery of such Persons as have been the Occasion of such Fires.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Robert Cleyton, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Nathanael Heme, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Trevor Williams,

Sir John Cory ton, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Woogan, Sir Tho.

Stringer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Duboys, Sir Thomas Clerges, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Colonel Birch,

Mr. Pitt, Sir John Wynn, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Philip Egerton, Sir A nth. Irby, Sir Patience Ward, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Papillon, Alderman Bakwell, Colonel Whitley; and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Rorough of Southwarke; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee ap- Army pointed to inspect and state the Accompts relating to the Accon)Pu-Army, That the Committee had met; and had agreed upon a Report to be made to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was again read; and is as follow eth; viz.

If the Officers of the Three Regi-"’ ments of Horse, and of the Seven Regiments of Foot, that are disbanded, be paid but to the respective Days upon Which they were disbanded, there will be less due to them than is set dow n in the Paper given into the House by the Paymaster of the Army -

Which Sum of 788/. 160-. being de-1 n ducted out of the Sum of -

Com'

ecii:

K flagon:

F(r>e

788

s.

16

18 2

The Remain will be the Sum of ,£.192,453 2 2

A Motion" being made, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, for paying off and disbanding all the Forces now in Arms in this Kingdom, raised or brought over from Foreign Parts, since the Tw enty-ninth of September 1677;

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Motion that was made, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, for paying off and dismissing all the Forces now in Arms in this Kingdom, raised or brought over from Foreign Parts, since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Election for Norfolk* the County of Norfolke be heard at the Rar of this House Election, on Monday next, the first Rusiness.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

L-!’

Post meridiem ejusdem Diei.

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom the Dr.Neko* Consideration of the Petition of Dr. John Nelson is Petition, referred, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed:

And that Sir John Knight and Sir Anthony Irby be added to the said Committee.

The House then proceeded to hear the Matter of the Leiceiut Election for the County of Leicester: And having exa- Election, mined the Remainder of the Evidence on the Part of the Sitting Members;

The Question being put, That the House do now proceed upon the Debate touching the Election for the County of Leicester;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The

.Vj

1

\rx

t

: 1st*

31 Car. II.

15° — 16° Aprilis.

The Question being put, That the Lord is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Knight of the Shire for the County of Leicester,

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tell^{MrJGragali01' } for the Yeas, 78.

T*{c'jrting* J

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That the Lord Sherrard is well and duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Knight of the Shire for the County of Leicester.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John is not duly elected

to serve in this present Parliament, as Knight of the Shire for the County of Leicester.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Aprilis, 1(579-

597

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy EaH Daiiby

and Sir John Hoskins; sent t() ti,0

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to lower, acquaint this House, That the Earl of JJanhy having last Night rendered himself to the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod, who brought him this Day to the Bar of their House, their Lordships have sent him to the Tower.

Resolved, 8cc.That this House will now resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration of the Motion for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, for paying off and dismissing the Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That

the Committee had made some Progress in the Consideration of the Motion fora Supply to be given to his Majesty, for paying off and dismissing the Forces: And, being informed, That there was a Message from the Lords attending in the Lobby, they had commanded him to leave the Chair.

Prayers.

Committees. T\RD E RED, That all Committees that are discon-

tinued be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Securing King, &c. against Popery.

A Bill for securing the King and Kingdom against the Growth and Danger of Popery, was read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Thomas Exton, Sir Win. Courtney, Sir Win. Coventry, Mr.

Sir Trevor Williams, Serjeant Maynard, Mr.

Sir Henry Capell, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Tho. Mars, Sir John Talbot, Sir John Hewley, Sir Win. Hickman, Mr. Wogan, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Sir Patience

Ward, Mr. Browne, Sir John Knight, Serjeant Seys, Sir Nic.Pedley, Sir Henry Foord, Mr. Hamden, Colonel Birch, Mi\ Onslow, Sir John WynnSir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Sam. Bernardiston, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John

Sir George Hungerford, Mr. MSir rard, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Gervasc Mr. Papillon,

Lord Cavendish, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Halswell Tynt, Mr. Upton, Sir Richard Head, Sir Nath. Hei me, Mr. Aston, Sir Tho. Stringer, Mr. Wright, Colonel Titus, Mr. Slone, Mr. Morgan, Sir WtYoung, Mr. Mompesson, Sir Wm.Escourt, Mr. Grey, Sir Robert Peyton, Mr. Foley, Sir Walter Ernie, Mr. Duboys, Sir Phil.Eger ton, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Rockland, Mr. Sterne,

Sir Franc. Winington, Sir William And they

are to meet Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

I cave oi’ Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. George Savage, and Mr. Hide, have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Webb have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Gresham have Leave to go into the Country.

Supply. The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider of a Supply to be given to his Majesty, for paying off and dismissing all the Forces now in Arms in this Kingdom, raised, or brought over from Foreign Parts, since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That the Committee had taken into their Consideration the Motion for a Supply to be given to his Majesty for disbanding the Forces: And understanding that there was a Message from the Lords attending in the Lobby, they commanded him to leave the Chair.

Vox.. IX.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy impeachment

and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Five Lords, lately committed to the Tower, have all, in Person, brought their Answers to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against them by this House; except my Lord Which were

read to their Lordships: And their Lordships have sent the Originals to this House; to the Intent this House may consider of them, and return the same Originals with all convenient Speed.

A Debate arising in the House, Whether the Lord Bellasis is actually and legally arraigned; having not in Person delivered his Answer, at the Bar of the House of Lords, to the Impeachment exhibited against him by this House;

Resolved, See. That the said Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Mr.

Poude, Sir John Wynn, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Newport, Sir Wm. Poltney, Mr. Foley, Sir John Knight, Mr. Hamden, Sir Heniy Capell, Colonel Birch, Sir John Hewty, Serjeant Seys, Sir John Trevor, Sir Pedley, Mr. Garraway, or any Two of them, do inspect the Journals of the House of Lords; and see what Entries are there made, touching the Appearance and Arraignment of the Five Lords now in the Tower and to report the same to the House Tomorrow Morning.

of Lords in the Tower.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for paying off and dismissing the Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee had agreed upon several Votes: Which he read in his Place; and after-, wards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That General Officers shall not be paid.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Field Officers, as Field Officers, shall be paid only to the Time that they were to be disbanded by Act of Parliament.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Officer shall receive Pay, from the Time that the Soldiers under his Command were actually disbanded.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, not exceeding, the Sum ot Two hundred and six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for the paying off and dismissing all the Forces now in Arms in England, raised, or brought over from Foreign Parts

7 M into

598

ifi’ — 170 Aprilis-

A. 1679.

into this Kingdom, since the Nine-wd-twentieth of Sep- thereupon, to the IJou&e: ^nd they are to proceed upon tender 1677; to be raised by Six Months Tax, according no other Business relating toElections on that Afternoon.

to the Rate of the present Tax.

The First Vote being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the General Officers shall not be paid.

The Second Vote being read a Second time;

.And the Question being put, To agree with the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Vote being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That no Officer shall receive Pay, from the Time that the Soldiers under his Command were actually disbanded.

The Fourth Vote being read a Second time j

And the Question being put, That the Words " into this Kingdom," after the Word " Parts," be left out;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That the Words "in England," after the Word " Arms," be left out; and that, instead thereof, the Words " in this Kingdom," be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative. _ _ _______

Resolved, &c. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, paid into the Exchequer, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and six thousand

Ordered, That Mr. EdmxdSeymour have Leave to go Leave of

into the Country for Fourteen Days. Absence,

Ordered, That Mr. Gerrard Russell, and Mr- , have Leave to go into the Country for Six Days.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to bring in a Supply Bill; Bill for paying off and dismissing the Forces, do prepare <h*banding and bring in a Clause, for appropriating the Money to my‘ that Use only; with Penalties upon such Persons as shall divert the same.

The Question being put, That the Supply granted to his Majesty, for paying off and dismissing the Forces, shall be put into the Exchequer;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

T^iWc /Sir Francis Drake, tellers, jgir ^r(lmr

for the Noes, 131.

Tellers -f^*r John Talbot, I - y^as 1Q1 tellers ’\Sh Joseph Tredenham,) tortne XeaS> 19

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the paying off and dismissing the Forces, shall be

Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for the paying off and dismissing all the Forces now in Arms in this Kingdom, raised, or brought over from Foreign Parts, since the Nine-and-twentieth of September One thousand Six hundred Seventy-and-seven; to be raised by Six Months Tax, according to the Rate of the present Tax; and to commence from the Determination of the Tax in being.

Resolved, &c. That the Commission Officers be paid to the First of April, and no longer.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Votes.

And it is referred to Sir John Trevor, Sir George Downing, Sir Thomas Meres, Colonel Whitley, Sir Tho. Clerges, Colonel Birch, Sir G Sir Winninglon, or any Two of them, to prepare and draw up the same: And that they do bring in a borrowing Clause, and a Clause of Indemnity; and do prepare Rules and Instructions for disbanding the Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Everffe'dd, Mr- Deering, and Mr. Leave of

Goddard, have Leave to go into the Country till Friday Absence.

in Easter Week.

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg have Leave to go into the Country, in order to the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That a Committee of Secrecy be appointed EarlDanbj’i to prepare and draw up Evidence against Thomas Earl of lmP«ac'1-Danby. men'’

And it is referred to Colonel Titus, Sir fVm. Coventry,

Sir Franc. Winn'mgton, Mr. Williams, Sir Hairy Capell,

Serjeant Ellis, Mr. Sachaverell, Mr. Ponic, Sir Robert Carr, Serjeant Maynard; or any Three of them: And they are to receive Evidence, and draw up further Articles, against the said Earl of Danby, as they shall see Cause:

And they are to meet this Afternoon; and to sit de die in diem: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committees.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed to Lords

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned; except the Journals of the House of Loris; andseeuhat

the Committee of Secrecy, and the Committee appointed Entries are S' £1,7* "Eft.

to inquire concerning the * late Fires that have happened Arraignment of the Five U>rds in the Tmer, That the w - — 1b - - rr Committee had inspected the Lords Journal, and found

Militia.

in and about the City of London.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Joins, 17° die A 1679-

Praters.

D£ SOLVED,&c. That this House will, on *V nesday next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration the State of the Kingdom, in reference to the

Committm.

Leicester

’Writ.

Leicester

"Election.

Militia.

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That this House will, on Saturday next come Sevennight, take into Consideration the Matter of the Miscarriages touching the Election for the Couqty of Leicester,

Warwick

LUctiont

there entered as followeth; viz.

" 8th of April 1679."

"The Earl of Shaftesbury reports from the Lords Committee of Privileges, to whom it was referred to consider of the Method and Progress of the Proceedings to be had upon the Tryals of the Lords now Prisoners in the Tower, upon the Impeachments brought up against them from the House of Commons, That their Lordships are of Opinion, That the Lords now Prisoners in the Tower ought to be brought to the Bar together, and kneel there, and then stand up, and hear the Articles of the Charge against them read."

Other Opinions, concerning Counsel; Persons to have Access; a Lord High Steward, 8$c.

" The Report agreed to, and this Order follows:"

" Whereas William Earl of Powys, William Viscount Stafford, William Lord Petre, Henry Lord ArwideU of Wardour, and John Lord Bellatis, now' Prisoners in the Tower of London, are impeached of High Treason, <§r. by the Commons in Parliament assembled, who brought into the House particular Articles against them

" It is this Day ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, §c. That the Lieutenant of the said Tower be, and is hereby required to bring the said Earl of Powys, Lord Viscount Stafford, Lord Petre, Lord Arundell of Wardour, and the Lord Bellasis, in safe

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections and Privileges do sit on Wednesday next, in the Afternoon: And Custody, to the Bar of this House, Tomorrow at Ten that the Matter of the Election for the County of Warwick of the Clock, in the Forenoon; to hear the said Articles be referred to the said Committee; to examine the wherewith they stand charged read unto them: And, for Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions so doing, This shall be his sufficient Warrant"

22 " 9*

J

o

ApnUr

Committees*

State of the Navy.

31 Car. II.

9° April, 1679.

They find that Lord Powys, Lord Sta fford, Lord Pitre, and Lord Arundell, were brought to the Bar; and kneeled,

till the Lord Chancellor bid them stand up: And then the Articles were read to them; and the Lore! Chancellor asked them, What they had to say for themselves; letting them know, that his Majesty would appoint a Lord High Steward for their Tryals.

Then the Lords made several Bequests, in order to their Defence upon their Tryals: Then they withdrew: And the Lords having taken their Requests into Consideration, they were called to the Bar again: And the Lord Chancellor let them know, That the House had ordered, that the several Indictments., found against the Lord Powys, Lord Stafford, Lord Lord Arundell, and Lord Bellasis, by the Grand Jury, Should be brought

into that Court by Writ of Certiorari; and that their Lordships may have Copies of the said Articles of Impeachment; and have Time given them till Tuesday the Fifteenth Instant, to send in their respective Answers thereunto; with further Time to answer to any new Articles that Should be brought up; and Liberty to take out Copies of Records and Journals, 8$c.

At the End of which Order they find it thus entered. " Then Notice being taken by the House, That the Lord Bellasis had not appeared at the Bar;"

" Thomas Plessington, and Robert Dent being sworn at the Bar, attested, That the Lord Bellasis is at this present so ill and same with the Gout, that he is notable to stir out of his Bed, nor to turn himself in his Bed without Help:"

" Which reasonable Excuse the House allowing, the said Thomas Plessington, on Behalf of the Lord Bellasis, desired that his Lordship might have a Copy of the Articles; and that Counsel might be assigned him."

" Which, with the other Requests made by the Lords who appeared, were equally condescended to, for the Lord Bellasis, as for the other Four Lords."

Then ensues an Order for those Five Lords to stand committed to the Tower, in order to their Tryals; and the same Access of Persons to them as before this Day.

John Lord Bellasis hath Order for Sir Thomas Skip-toith, and Mr. Saunders, to be his Counsel.

" 15th of April, 1679.

" This Day being appointed for the Lords, Prisoners in the Tower, to put in their Answers to the Articles of Impeachment of the House of Commons against them: Which being called for, and not come;"

" It is Ordered, &c. That the Earl of Powys, Lord Stafford, Lord Petre, and Lord Arundell of Wardour, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, by the Lieutenant of the Tower, to put in their respective Answers to the said Articles of Impeachment: And this shall be a sufficient Warrant on that Behalf."

" It was moved, That the Lord ’Answer

might be received now, in regard of his present Sickness: Which the House received and read."

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Secrecy to look into the Answers of the Five Lords in the Tower: And they are to consider of the Methods of Proceedings to Tryals upon Impeachments; and report their Opinions thereupon to the House, on Monday Morning next: And that Mr. Speaker do deliver the said Answers to the Committee of Secrecy.

Ordered, That all Committees, but the Committees of Secrecy, and the Committee appointed to inquire touching the late Fires that have happened in and about the City of London, be adjourned: And that Sir Samuel Bemardiston be added to the said Committee.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Tuesday next, take into Consideration the State of the Kingdom; and how the Navy may be made useful for the Defence thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

VoJL. IX.

99

Luna, £ die. Aprili 1679,

Prayers.

0 RLERLjD, That Mr. Turner of Lynn, and Sir Leave of ^William Coventry, have Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Thurborne have Leave to continue in the Country, in order to tire Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That his Message Majesty had commanded him to let the House know, that from tb« his Majesty did intend to come to the House of Peers this K,ing‘

Day about Twelve of the Clock, in his Royal Robes; and did intend to send for this House to attend him there.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Edward Carteret Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And the House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports the Effect of his Majesty’s Speech: Which is as followeth;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

1 Thought it necessary to acquaint you, what I have done this Day: Which is, That I have established a new Privy Council, the constant Number of which shall never exceed Thirty.

I have made Choice of such Persons, as are worthy and able to advise Me: And am resolved, in all My weighty and important Affairs, next to the Advice of My Great Council in Parliament (which I shall very often consult with), to be advised by this Privy Council.

I could not make so great a Change without acquainting both Houses of Parliament: And I desire you all to~ apply yourselves heartily (as I shall do) to those Things which are necessary for the Good and Safety of the Kingdom; and that no Time may be lost in it.

The House then took into Consideration the Matter Norfolk* touching the Election for the County of; and Election,

examined the Witnesses on the Part of the Petitioners.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The King’s Speech respecting the Privy Council.

Post Meridiem ejusdem Diet.

THE House took into further Consideration the Norfolk* Matter touching the Election for the County of Nor- Election. folke; and examined all the Witnesses on the Part of the Sitting Members.

Resolved, &c. That Sir Christopher Calteorpe is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as One1 of the Knights of the Shire for the County of

Resolved, &c. That Sir NevillCataline is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as One of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Norfolke.

The Question being put, That Sir John Hobart is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as One of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Norfolke;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

} * N°". 99-

} for theY«s, 94.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, See. That Sir John Hobart is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Knight of the Shire for the County of Norfolke.

Ordered That Mr. Samuel Verddn, an Attorney, acting m Under Sheriff for the County (of Norfolke, be sent for

in

6oo

21® — 2a0 — 23°

A. 1679.

in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer his Miscarriages and ill Practices, in Electing of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Norfolke.

Ordered, That Dr. John Hildyardbe sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer his Contempt in not attending this House, according to Electing of Two Knights of the Shire to serve in this

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, Committed, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Norfolk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ.

the Summons to him given

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Wednesday next come Sevennight, take into Consideration the Matter of the Miscarriages touching the Election for the County of Norfolke.

present Parliament for the County of Norfolke.

Wl

®(»!l

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider Expiring of the Temporary Laws, and report their Opinions, Laws. Which of them are fit to be continued, be impowered to send as well for licensed as unlicensed Books, in order And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow to be examined and perused by them.

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Resolved, &c. That the Committee to whom the Mat- Dr. Nelson, ter concerning Dr. Nelson is referred, do take the same

Marti, 22* die Aprilis, 1679. into Consid<irati»n- "I"1" Debate of *he House'

Convocation

Oaths.

Pray eks.

Resolved, That the House will, on Thursday Morning State of the next, take into Consideration the State of the Kingdom; Navy'

DR. Edysbury reports from the Committee to whom and how the Navy may be made useful for the Defence

the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, thereof.

An Act for disabling any Person from sitting in any of the

Ordered, That the Lord Ashley have Leave to con- Leave of tinue in the Country. Absence/

Houses of Convocation, till he hath taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had taken the Bill into their Consideration; and had agreed upon several Amendments and Clauses: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again once read.

The First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Amendments, being read the Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Sixth Amendment, being read a Second Time, was postponed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Eight of the Clock.

Morning,

Mercurii, 23* die Aprilis, 1679-

Prayers.

The Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Amendments, being /ORDERED, That a Committee be appointed to Royal

aria Time wore nrxrAn receive Pronnsals mnrernimT thp Pnvjil Fishen

read a Second Time, were, upon the Question, agreed.

The rest of the Amendments and Clauses being read a Second Time; and a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee, to consider of the Amendments and Clauses not agreed unto, upon the Debate of the House.

receive Proposals concerning the Royal Fishery; Fishery, and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Trevor Williams, Sir John Cvryton, Mr. Browne, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Term, Sir Henry Capell, Sir John Henley, Sir Walter Eamle, Mr. Nosworthy, Mr. Bilkington, Sir John Trevor, Ashton,

LordMohun’s

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Colonel Birch, Mr. Dnboyes, Sir John Sir John

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn Holman, Mr. Lambert, Sir Robert Carr,

' T,r'"' T' ’ Mi Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Booth, Mr.

May, Sir Nathaniel Herne, Sir Downey, Sir Player, Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Papillon, Sir Charles Mr. Johnson, Sir A nth. Deane,

Sir Henry Foard, and all the Members of

this House that are Merchants, and the Members that serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to send for the Deputy Governor of the former Company of the Royal Fishery: And are

and Sir William Beversham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Manors and Lands late of Charles Lord therein named,

to fell and sell Timber, and to make Leases, for Payment of his and his Father’s Debts; and to raise a Portion for his Daughter: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Noel, and Mr. May, have Leave

_ . ---1 1----- J 7 -- ----- v _ I */ J J

to go into the Country for Fourteen Days, from Satur- impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. day next.

Earl Danby's Impeachment*

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to receive Evidence, and prepare and draw up further Articles against the Earl of have Leave to sit

from time to time during the Sitting of the House; and to make Choice of a Person to assist them, in the nature of a Solicitor.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, LordMohuA An Act to enable the Trustees of the Manors and Lands Estate, late of Charles Lord JHohun, therein named, to fell and sell Timber, and to make Leases, for Payment of his and his Father’s Debts; and to raise a Portion for his Daughter; was read the First Time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Committee of Secrecy shall be at Liberty to desire the Assistance and Information of any Member of this House, in order to the preparing and Harvey, to go into the Country for Ten Days, drawing up further Articles against the Earl of Danby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Thomas Leave of

Absence.

Impeachment of Lords in the Tower,

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy, to whom it was referred to look into the Answers of the Five Lords in the Tower, and inquire into the Methods of proceeding to Tryal upon Impeachments, do make their Report to the House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell the Lands of the Co- Dale’s heirs of Charles Dale Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Estate. Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for illegal mis-> Prevention of Raising and Levying of Money upon the ing Money.

Supply Bill*, The Bill for paying off and dismissing the Army, was Subject, but by Act of Parliament, disbanding read the First time.

tb« Army. Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second Time, A Bill for paying off and dismissing the Army, was Supply Bill;. To -morrow Morning. read the Second time. disbanding

0 Resolved, the Arm?'

31 Car* II.

23 -"24 Aprilis.

3 v,: I'

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be dotrimititecf; upost the Debate of the House, to aCbrtimitteeof the whole House: And that the House will, To-moifow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed upon the said Bill.

Impeach- Mr. Treby reports from the Committee of Setrecy ment of Lord appointed to look into the Answers of the five Lords in Bellasis, &c. t^e Tower;and to inquire into the Method^ of proceed-

ing to Tryal upon Impeachments; That the Comrhittee had agreed upon a Report to be made to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the sarfie Was again read, together with the said Answers, except the Answer of the IyOrd Bellasis: and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee is of Opinion, That the Lord being impeached of High Treason by the Commons, cannot make any Answer but in Person.

That the several Writings put in by the Lord Powys, Lord Stafford, and the Lord Arrundell of IVtardour, which they call their several Pleas and Answers, are not Pleas or Answers, but argumentative and evasive; to which the Commons neither can nor ought to reply.

That if the Answers of the said Lord Powys, Lord Stafford, Lord Arundell, as well as that of the Lord Peire,

were sufficient, yet there ought not to be any Proceeding against them, or any of them, until the Lord Bellasis also put in a sufficient Answer, in Person.

That the Commons do demand of the Lords, That their Lordships would forthwith order and require the said Lord Powys, Lord Stafford, Lord Arundell, and Lord Bellasis, to put in their perfect Answers; or in Default thereof, that the Commons may have Justice against them.

Resolved, &c. That this House will sit this Afternoon: And that a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will do the like.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevor do go up with the Message.

Sir John Trevor reports, That the Lords have adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That the Consideration of the Report made upon the Answers of the five Lords in the Tower, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against them by this House, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Moming, Eight of the Clock.

W-

A.&

b-

'Ditto.

Jovis, 24* die Aprilis, 1679-

Ex porting Leather.

Praters.

ABILL for exporting Leather, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Robert Markham, Mr. Henley, Serjeant Seys, Sir John HSerjeant Rigby,

Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir William Courtney, Mr. Barker, Sir John Darrell, Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Duboyes, Sir Henry Foord, Mr. Pilkington, Mr. Wright, Mr. Browne, Sir Philip Egerton, Sir Na-

thanael Herne, Mr. Whitacre, Sir Thomas Player, Sir John Knight, Sir Francis Russell, Sir William Franklyn, Mr. Onslowe, Mr. Linfield, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Grey, Lord Skudemore, Sir Richard Corbet, Sir Ralph Ashton, Sir Win. Robarts, Mr. Love, Sir Mr.

Johnson, Mr. Briggs, Mr. Partheridge, Sir Wynn, Mr. May, Sir John Cory ton, Sir Thomas Exton; and all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Shoemakers, and other Manufacturers of Leather, in and about London, setting forth the Inconveniency of reviving the Law for Exporting of Leather, was read.

Vol. IX.

6OI

Resolved, &c. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for exporting Leather, stands committed; to examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. t)alnvahoy have Leave to go into Leave of

the Countly for Twenty Days. Absence.

The House then took into Consideration the Matter of Impeach-the Report, made by Mr. Treby from the Committee of ment of Earl Secrecy, touching the Answers of the Five Lords in the Powy<’ *c-Tower to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against them by this House; and the Methods of proceeding to Tryal upon Impeachments.

And the several Paragraphs of the said Report, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Booth do go up to the Lords, and desire a Conference with their Lordships touching the Answers of the Five Lords in the Tower to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against them by this House; and the Methods of proceeding to Tryal upon Impeachments.

Mr. Booth reports, That the Lords have agreed to meet this House at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members of the Committee of Secrecy, that prepared the said Report, do attend, and manage the Conference: And that they do acquaint the Lords at the said Conference, that this House will make use of no other Evidence against the Five Lords in the Tower, than what they have received within Seven Years last past; and desire that their Lordships will appoint a Short Day for the Lord Powys, Lord Stafford, Lord Arrundell of Wardour, and the Lord Bellasis, to put in their effectual Pleas and Answers to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against them by this House.

Sir Francis Wilmington reports, That the Members appointed had attended and managed the Conference; and left the said Answers with the Lords; and delivered their Reasons of the Insufficiency of them; and what else they had in Charge from the House to deliver to their Lordships, relating to the Five Lords in the Tower.

Ordered, That Mr. Sachavcrcll do deliver to Mr. Read- papej.s ing the Writings by him delivered in to the Committee of returned. Secrecy.

Resolved, See. That the Consideration of the State of state of the the Kingdom!, and how the Navy may be made useful Navy, for the Defence thereof, be adjourned till Morn-

ing next: And that Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant for summoning such Witnesses then to attend, as shall be named to him by Mr. Be/met.

Resolved, See. That Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Colonel Supply Bill; Whitley, Colonel Birch, and Sir Thomas Player, shall be Commissioners for paying off and disbanding the Army. 1 e rn,y’

The House then resolved into a Committee of the whole House1, to' proceed upon the Bill for paying off and dismissing the Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill for paying off and dismissing the Forces: And humbly moved, from the said Committee, That the House would resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, further to proceed upon the said Bill.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill f6r paying off and dismissing the Army.

And then the House'adjourned till Three of the Clock’in the Afternoon.

t.#

7 N

602

24° — 25®

A. 1679.

Post Meridiem.

Outlawries. A BILL for reversing Outlawries in the King’s Bench, was read the Second tune.

Resolved \See. That the Bill be committed to Sir

Thomas Clarges, Mr. Co, Sir Nicholas Sir John

Knight, Sir Sam. Berna Mr. Evelin, Sir John

Talbot, Sir Nic. Carew, Sir Wm. Poultney, Sir William

Bassett, Sir John Hewly, Sir Trevor, Serjeant Seys,

Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Wynn, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Knight, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Onslow, Sir Patience Ward, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hearth Ordered, That Leave be 'given to bring in a Bill for

Money. regulating the Abuses in collecting the Duty of Hearth Money: And that it be recommended to the Care of Sir Thomas Clerges to prepare and draw up the same.

Ordered, That all Committees which were discon- Commute* tinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That all such Members as shall be absent at the Calling over of the House, whose Excuses shall not 4 be allowed, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and shall not be admitted to take their Places in the House, till they have paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charges.

A Message from the Lords, and Sir William Beversham;

Mr. Speaker, We are to acquaint you, from the Lords, 80 y’ c' That Thomas Earl of Danby, and John Lord Bellasis, have this Day appeared in Person, at the Bar of the House of Lords; and that Thomas Earl of Danby hath put in his Plea, and the Lord Bellasis his Answer, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against them by this House:

Which the Lords have sent to this House, desiring the y may be returned with all convenient Speed.

by Sir Timothy Baldwyn hnptach-

J mtntofEarl

Pri

Pn

cha

eti*

Supply Bill; The House then resolved into a Committee of the disbanding whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration of the Anny. gju for paying off and dismissing the Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee, That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Bill for paying off and dismissing the Army: And moved, from the said Committee, That the House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, the first Business, further to proceed in the Consideration of the said Bill.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, the first Business, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for paying off and dismissing the Army.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

The House then proceeded to Call-over the House: Call of th*

And Mr. William Williams, Sir George Strode, Sir House' John Bowyer, Sir Edward Baynton, Sir Scroope Howe, and Mr. Thomas Wharton, being absent; and their Excuses being not allowed;

Ordered, That Mr. William Wil

Sir John Bmvyer, Sir Edward Baynton, Sir Scrope How, and Mr. Thomas Warton, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for making Default in not attending the Service of this House; and not be admitted to take their Places in the House, till they have paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charges.

Resolved, &c. That all such Members as shall depart the Service of the House, without Leave first asked and obtained, betw een the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Morning, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and shah not be admitted to take their Places in the House, till they have paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charges.

Ordered, That Sir FJiab Harvey, and his Son, Mr. Leaveof Sandys, and Sir John Sydenham, have Leave to go into A se, ce‘

the Country.

Lord Mohan's Estate.

Veneris, 25° die Aprilis, 1679-

P It A Y £ R S.

QRD E RE D, That the ingrossed Bill, sent down

Ordered, That Sir Eduard Harvey and Sir James Rushout have Leave to go into the Country till Tuesday next.

The House then took into Consideration the Plea of EarlDanb/s, Thomas Earl of Danby, and the Answer of John Lord ic‘ Bellasis, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against peac mw

Illegal

Exactions.

Exporting Cloth to Turky.

Earl Danby’s

Impeach.

ment.

Privilege

from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees of the Manors and Lands, late of Charles Lord Mohun, therein named, to fell and sell Timber; and to make Leases for Payment of his and his Father’s Debts; them by this House, and to raise a Portion for his Daughter; be read on And the said Plea and Answer being read;

Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock. Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee of

Secrecy appointed to draw up further Articles against A Bill for the better Prevention of illegal Exaction of Thomas Earl of Danby, to examine the Matter of the Plea Money from the Subject, was read the First time. of the said Earl to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time. against him by this House; and to search and inquire how

Precedents stand in Relation to the Pardon; and in what A Bill for exporting Cloth to Turky, was read the First Manner, and by what Means, the same was obtained; and time. make Report thereof to the House with all Expedition:

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time. And that all the Members of the Long Robe be added to

the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clarges be added to the at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Committee of Secrecy appointed to prepare and draw up

further Articles against the Earl of Danby. Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply Bill;

ing, the first Business, resolve itself into a Committee of disbanding The House being informed, That there is a false and the whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration the Amt-

Publications. 8Candalous Pamphlet dispersed abroad, under the Name of the Bill for paying off and dismissing the Army, of the Speech of the Lord Cavendish;

Resolved, &c. That it be referred to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Authors and Publishers of a Pamphlet dispersed under' the Name of Sir Francis Winning tons Speech, to inquire likewise into the Authors and Publishers of this Pamphlet;, and make Report thereof to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

French Commodities.

Privilege — Persom discharged from custody.

Fires in City of London.

i Car. II. 26" Aprilis. 601

Sabbati,26® die Aprilis, 1679-

Pra ye as.

A PETITION of several Merchants and Retailers of French Commodities, praying a longer Time to vend Commodities of the Growth and Manufacture of France, than is allowed by the Act for prohibiting the Importation of them, was tendered to be read.

The Question being put, That the Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, on Friday next, take into Consideration', How to make the Law for prohibiting the Importation of French Commodities more effectual.

The House being informed, That Mr. Adam Sheriff' of the City of IVireester, and Mr. John Summers, an Attorney, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, by them committed against Sir Scroope Howe, a Member of this House, in arresting, or causing to be arrested, one # #, his menial Servant, are very sorry for the same; and are very sensible, that they have thereby justly incurred the Displeasure of the House; and therefore humbly beg Pardon, and that they may be discharged from their Confinement;

Ordered, That the said Adam Powle, and John Summers, be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying their Fees.

Mr. Serjeant Rigby reports from the Committee appointed to inquire into the late Fires that have happened in and about the City of London, That the Committee had met several times; and had taken the Examinations of several Persons touching the late Fire in Fetter Lane: And that the Committee had agreed upon a Report to be made thereof to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and is as followeth; viz.

In the first Place —

Mr. Robert Bird, whose House it was that was set on Fire, informeth, That his Wife retained one Elizabeth Oxley to be her Servant, taking her to be a Protestant, upon Monday the twenty-fourth of February last: But she came not to Service until about the Sixth of March.

That, upon Wednesday next, the Ninth of this Instant April, about Two or Three a Clock in the Morning, his said Servant came to his Bed-side, and awaked him; telling him, There w as a Fire in: Whereupon

he asked her, How she knew it: Who answered, By the Noise in the Street. Wrhereupon he arose, and looked into the Street; but there was little Noise or Light: So he stayed at his Street Door, till he was informed by Two Men that passed by, That there had been a Fire, but it w as out again. Whereupon he returned to Bed, well pleased he had so watchful a Maid, and fearful of Fire: But. none of his Family heard any thing thereof, until informed by the said Oxley, as he believeth.

That, on Thursday Night, the Tenth of this Instant April, he was told the said Oxley w ent up to Bed about Ten a Clock; but he and his Wife w ent not to Bed till Eleven or past: That, before he went to Bed, he diligently looked to the Doors, Windows, and Rooms, that all w as safe from Fire and Thieves, as his Custom was; and was the last up in the Family, as he thought: That, being asleep in Bed, he was, about Twelve a Clock that Night, waked with a great Beating at his Street Door by the Watch: And the said Oxley, coming immediately to him, told him, There was a Fire: To which he said, He was sure it was not in his House; but gave her the Key of the Street Door; who ran down, and let in the Watch and Company: And he, coming down, found a large Press in his Closet, for keeping Books, Papers, and Writings, on a light Fire; but by the Mercy of God, and the great Help he had, the Fire was got out, and his House saved: That his Wife, with some Neighbours, immediately after going into the said Oxleys Lodging Room, to see if all Vol. IX.

was safe there, found she had packed up her Cloaths and Things ready to carry away; and her Trunks wrere locked up; but nothing left in them of Value: Whereupon he demanded of the said Oxley, why she had packed up her Cloaths. She answered, That she and his other Maid Martha, had packed up their Things to save them. Then he asked the said Martha, W by she had packed up at that Time, w hen the Lives of the Children and Family were in such Danger: Who positively denied, that she offered to pack up any thing: Whereupon, and for that be was sure, when he w ent to Bed, there was not a Spark of Fire in his Closet, where the Fire broke forth; and considering that the said Oxley came speedily into his Chamber, upon the first knocking at the Door, though she lay Two Pair of Stairs above his Chamber; and being informed, That she had not put out her Candle into the Candlestick, or burnt it; but pulled it out, and hid the Candlestick; and flom the manner of her Carriage used, when she perceived she was Suspected, he positively charged the said Oxley with Firing his House; and caused her to be kept safe all Night: And the next Day, being charged by Neighbours with Firing his House; she, at last, confessed the I-iring of his House, by setting the Press in his Closet, and his Papers, on Fire, about Tw elve a Clock, when he and his Family were asleep. And he saith, That the said Oxley might have gone out at a Back Door of his House, and carried away any of his Goods or Plate, if she had pleased, at any time of the said Night, without firing his House; the Key of the Back Door lying in the Kitchen, and being laid there by herself. And he sayeth, That nothing of Value was found in the said Oxleys Pack, made up by her as aforesaid, but her own Things.

Elizabeth Oxley, upon her Examination, declareth, That about Michaelmas last, she became acquainted with one Nicolas Stubbs, who had several limes used much Persuasions and Arguments to her to turn Papist; and, after her shewing a Liking to it, and that he supposed she had embraced that Persuasion, in his Discourses to her at several times, he told her, That, before the Twenty-eighth of June next, she Should see all the Protestants destroyed that were in England: That the Pope Should be King over England; and that all that would turn to the Pope’s Religion, Should live far better than now they did: That all the Land were Hereticks; and that it were a meritorious Act to destroy them: That all such as were Papists Should have Marks upon their Hats, to distinguish them from Protestants, that they might not be destroyed with them: Adding, that the Nation would believe, That all things w ere over before the Twenty-eighth Day of June; but they would be deceived, for all Should be

destroyed before or about that Time.

That the Duke of Yorke was the bravest Prince living: That he w'as gone out of the Kingdom, lest the Hereticks Should cut off his Head; and that he Should not return, till they were destroyed: That the Lords in the w ould not one of them suff er; for they w ould come off well enough, being to be tried by the Lords: That the Scaffolds were set up but for Fashion sake: That, she telling the said Stubbs, she was hired to live with one Mr. Bird about the middle of Fetter Lane, he used Persuasions to her at several times, to set Fire on her Master's House; telling her if she would do it, he would give her Five Pounds: And gave her Half-a-Crown; and said, He would have other Houses in Holbome fired at the same time by others: That she, being with the said Stubbs, on Sunday before the Fire, promised him to fire her Master’s House on the Thursday or Friday Night following: And accordingly, on Thursday Night, she took a Candle, and put Fire to the Papers in her Master’s Study, which were in a kind of a Press: And they being on a light Fire, she shut the Door; and went up Stairs into her own Chamber, on the Top of the House; and there packed up her ow n Things; undressing herself, lest her Master Should suspect her; and there staid, till a great Knocking was at the Door; and the Watchmen crying out Fire: Whereupon she ran down Stairs, and cned out Fire; and her Master gave her the Key to open the Door; Which done, all Hands were employed

to

Representa tien and Address respecting Fires in London.

26* Aprilis. . 1^79.

to quench the Fire. And she saith,' She did not set Fire on her Master’s House out of any Malice to him, nor with Intent to rob him; but merely to carry on the Design that Stubbs had proposed to her, and out of Hopes of his Reward.

Nicolas Stubbs, upon his Examination, sets forth, and owns to have used such Discourses to the stud Elizabeth Oxley, as she declares in her Examination: And saith, that he did persuade her to Fire her Master’s House, and was to give her Five Guineas for doing it, besides Half-a-crown in hand. And saith, That one Father Gifford, a Priest, and his Confessor, did put him on this Business; and told him it was no Sin to fire all the Houses of the Hereticks and Hugonots: That he acquainted one Flower alias Darby Mulragne, an Irishman, a Barber in German-street, with it; and one Roger. ., another Irishman, who lodged at the Cock and Harp in the same Street: That the said Eather Gifford promised him One hundred Pounds for the same; and told him, That he was to have the Money from the Church: That he used to meet the said Father Gifford, and Roger

in St. James's Fields, in the dark in the Evenings; and then to discourse of these Matters: And that the several Informations he had given the said Eliz. Oxley, he had from the said Father Gifford. And saith, and

Roger told the said Stubbs, they would carry on the Fire; and that they had Fire-balls> to that Purpose; and that they would Fire other Houses in Holborne at the same Time. That he was at the Fire in the Temple; but was not engaged to do any thing the re: But believes

Flower was; whom he did see there. And saith, That Gifford told him, That there wrere English, French, and

Irish Roman Catholicks enough in London, to make a very good Army; and that the King of France was coming with Sixty thousand Men, with a Pretence to shew the Dauphin his Dominions; but it was to lay his Men at Deipe, Bulloignc, Calais and to be in

a Readiness at an Hour’s Warning to be landed in England; and he doubted not but it w ould be by the middle of June; and that, by that time, all the Catholicks here will be in a Readiness; and were to rise, in order to bring him in: That the Papists here were to be distinguished by Marks in their Hats: That the said Father Gifford doubted not but he Should be an Abbot or Bishop, when the Work was over, for the good Service he had done: That, at their Meetings, Father Gifford used to tell them, It w'as no more Sin to kill a Heretick, than to kill a Dog, and that they did God good Service in doing them what Mischief they could, by firing their Houses, or otherwise: That it was well Sir Godfrey

was murdered; for he was their devilish Enemy: That Coleman was a Saint in Heaven for what he had done. And saith, That he is fearful he shall be murdered for his Confession; Father Gifford having sworn him to Secrecy, told him, He Should be damned if he made any Discovery; and Should be sure to be killed: And that he Should take the Oaths, because he was an Housekeeper; and it was no Sin. And saith, That Gifford,

Flower, and Roger *, told him, when their Forces met about tire middle of June, " Then have at the King."

Resolved, That an humble Representation be made to his Majesty, of the Report made this Day touching the late Fire in Fetter Lane, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council; humbly desiring his Majesty, That his Majesty will be graciously pleased to grant his Pardon of Grace and Favour to Nicolas Stitbbs and Elizabeth Oxley, for the Discovery made by them, in relation to the Fire in Fetter Lane, and elsewhere.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council; desiring his Majesty to issue out his Royal Proclamation, requiring Giff ord, Flower alias Darby and Roger *, to render themselves to Justice by a Short Day: And that his Majesty will be further graciously pleased to give Encouragement to all Persons that are not already in Custody, that shall come in and make Discovery of, and be Instrumental to apprehend any of the Persons that have been the Occasion of the late Fires in and about the City of London.

25

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and hnpeach-

Sir William Beversham; LordStaf

Mr. Speaker, We are to acquaint you from the Lords, for^ &Ci That William Viscount Stafford, Henry Lord of Wardour, and William Earl erf Powys, have this Day appeared at the Bar of the House of Lords; and have retracted their former Pleas: And have put in their Answers to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against them by the Commons of EnglandWhich the Lords have sent down to this House; desiring the y may be returned with all convenient Speed.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will Dangers sit Tomorrow, to consider of the best Ways and Means >r°m PapistB, to secure and preserve the King’s Person, and also the Protestant Religion, against the Attempts of the Papists, both in the Reign of his Majesty, and his Successors.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be made to his Address Majesty, to desire his Majesty to give Order for the *futm6 Executing of Pickering; and also to give Order to the enn& Judges to issue out their Warrants for executing the several Popish Priests which they had condemned in their several Circuits.

And it is referred to Mr. Trenchard, Sir Thomas Meres,

Mr. Boscawen, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Powle, Sir Thomas Lee, Colonel Birch, Sir

Thomas Player, Mr. Sackaverell, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hamden, or any three of them; to prepare and draw up the same.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be presented to Address for his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his removing Majesty’s Privy Council; beseeching his Majesty to issue Pai)lsts' forth his Royal Proclamation, requiring all Papists, or reputed Papists, or such as have been so within Six Months last past, forthwith to depart from the Cities of London and Westminster, and Ten Miles of the same; and not to return again in Six Months: And that his Majesty will be further pleased, to revoke all Licences granted by his Majesty, or his Privy Council, to the contrary.

Resolved, See. That this House will, at Four of the Supply Pill; Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of disbanding the whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration the ^nuv' of the Bill for paying off and dismissing the Army.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem ejusdem Diet.

THE several Answers of William Viscount Stafford, Impeach-William Earl of Pouys, and Henry Lord Arrundell of Wardour, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited &f<' against them by this House, being read;

Resolved, &c. That the said Answers, together with the Answer of the Lord Bellasis, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Secrecy, that prepared the Articles of Impeachment against the said Lords; to examine the Nature of the said Answers; and make Report of the same to the House.

The House then resolved into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, further to proceed in the Consideration of disbanding the Bill for paying off and dismissing the Army. { rraj'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Trevor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Trevor reports from the said Committee,

That the Committee had gone through the Bill for paying off and dismissing the Army, and have made several Amendments, and added several Clauses to the Bill:

And humbly moved, That the House would appoint him to make Report thereof to the House.

Ordered,

ji Car. II. 26Vr-27d — a8° . 605

Ordered, That Sir John Tracer do make this Report the first Opportunity.

And theri the House adjourned tiH Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Dominieo, 27° die 1679.

Prayers.

Address for "TV/CR. Hamden reports' from the Committee appointed Pickering to prepare and draw up an Address to be pre-

Ac. ’sented to his Majesty, tp desire his Majesty to give

Order for the Executing of Pickering; and likewise, to give Order to the Judges to issue out their Warrants for executing the several Popish Priests they have condemned in the several Circuits; an Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, agreed to; and is as followeth; viz.

WE Your Majesty’s most humble and loyal Subjects the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, taking into serious Consideration the great and apparent Dangers which have arisen to Your Majesty’s Person and this Kingdon, from the horrible Conspiracies of Popish Recusants, who have been principally incited thereunto by Priests and Jesuits, daily resorting into this Kingdom, and continuing -here contrary to Your Majesty’s Laws (whereby they incur the Penalty of High Treason), as also in Contempt of several Proclamations, issued by Your Majesty, by the Advice of both Your Houses of Parliament, commanding them to depart out of the Realm; and having received certain Information, that one Pickering, now a Prisoner in Newgate (who was employed by some of the Conspirators to execute their execrable Design of murdering Your Royal Person; and upon his Tryal was found guilty thereof); as also divers Priests and Jesuits, who have been condemned by Your Majesty’s Judges at the Old Rally, and in the several Circuits; do remain as yet unexecuted, to the great Emboldening of such Offenders, in case they Should escape without Punishment; we do therefore most humbly desire, That Your Majesty would be pleased to give Order to Your Majesty’s Judges, and all other Officers concerned therein, That immediate Execution may be done upon the said Offenders, to the Terror of all such wicked Persons, who, by their daily ' traiterous Practices, do justify the Prudence of our An-

cestors in making such Laws, and the manifest Necessity of putting them in Execution.

Resolved, See. That this House will attend his Majesty with the said Address.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Privy Council, do attend his Majesty; and desire to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when this House may attend him, with the Address this Day agreed to.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Draper and Colonel Deane have Absence. Leave to go into the Country for Fourteen Days.

Dangers from The House then took into Consideration, How to se-Papists. cure and preserve the King’s Person, and the Protestant Religion; against the Attempts of the Papists, both in the Reign of his Majesty and his Successors.

Removing Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Debate of Papists from the House, to banish all Papists, or reputed Papists, from London. London and Westminster, and Twenty Miles of the same, for Six Months; and to confine those that live above Twenty Miles from London within Five Miles of their own Habitations, under Penalties.

And it is referred to Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Robert Carr,

Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Fran. Winmngton, Sir Ralph. Ashton, Mr. Whitacre, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Thomas Piuyer, Mr. Colt, Mr; W Mr. Sir Ward, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Colonel Titus,

Sir Nath, Heme, Sir Richard Cust, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hamden, Mr. PapilMr. Lave, Sir Tho. Meres, Vo n. IX.

Sir John Trevor, Mr. Gerraway 'Sir John Coryton, Sir Thomas Clerges, Sir John Hewley, Sir John Talbot, Colonel

Birch, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir Henry Capell, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the same.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Duke of Proceedings Yorke's being a Papist, and the Hopes of his coming such "ncerning to the Crown, has given the greatest Countenance and En- Yorke. ° couragement to the present Conspiracies and Designs of the Papists against the King, and the Protestant Religion.

Resolved, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Vote: And that the Lord Russell do carry up the same to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to prepare Evidence against the Five- Lords in the Tower, do prepare and draw up an Abstract of such Matters as concern the Duke of Yorke, relating to the present Plot, contained in such Papers and Writings as they have in their Custody; and present the same to the House on Wednesday next.

Resolved, &c. That die further Consideration of securing and preserving the King, and the Protestant Religion, against the Attempts of the Papists, both in the Reign of his Majesty, and his Successors, be adjourned till Wednesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 28° die Aprilis,1679*

Prayers.

JSAA C de Mons did take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That his Answer to Majestyhad been attended with the several Addresses made dreises*

by this House on Saturday last: And his Majesty has been pleased to command this Answer to be returned:

" That his Majesty hath already given Order to the Attorney General to draw up a Proclamation for removing all Papists, or reputed Papists, or such as have been so within Six Months past, Ten Miles from London and Wt°stniinster; and hath given Order, That a List of all such Licences as have been granted to Papists to stay in Town, shall be brought in: And that he hath granted his Pardon to Nicolas Stubbs, and Elizabeth Oxley; and ordered the same to be drawn up: And that his Majesty will cause his Royal Proclamation to issue out by the next Council Day, requiring Gifford, Flower alias Darby,

Muir ague, and Roger *,to render themselves to Justice by a Short Day."

And his Majesty, having been likewise attended, to know. King np-When this House Should attend his Majesty with the Ad- lH,mt* 1‘* dress for the speedy Executing of Pickering, and other Po- alten e pish Priests, condemned by the Judges at and

in the several Circuits, was pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Banqueting House.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell the Lands of the Co- Dale’s heirs of Charles Dale Escjuire, deceased, for Payment of Estate. Debts, w’as read the Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir Trevor.

Williams, Sir John Hiwley, Sir Ant hi Irby, Mr. Sir'

Samuel Bemardistm, Serjeant Seyes, Sir Mr.)

Colt, Mr. Stockddle, Mr. Pitt, Serjeant Strode, Sir Thomas

Mackworth, Mr. Frcwen, Lord Sir WilUant

Franckland, Captain.S^errart/, Sir Jbh

Exton, Mr. Papillon, Colonel Birch, Sir John Wynn, Sit John Cloberry, Sir Robert Cleyt&n, Sir Jennings,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Love, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Barrett, Mr.

Duboyes, Sir John R&esby, ML Pilkington, Mr Mr. Rushworth, ML' Wogan: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And are to make Provision in the Bill, that the Trustees shall be answerable to the Coheirs for the Trust in them

7 O reposed;

6o 6

28° — 29*

A. 1679.

Leave of Absence.

Southwarke Court of Conscience.

Earl Danby’s Impeachment.

State of the Navy.

reposed; and impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Reeces, Mr.

Sir Nicolas Pedley, Mr. Taylor, Sir John Holman, and Sir Littleton Osbaldeston, have Leave to go into the Country for Fourteen Days.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Achland have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for the Borough of South-war ke, and the Out Parishes, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Sir Francis Winnington reports from the Committee of Secrecy, to whom it was referred to examine and peruse the Nature of the Plea of Thomas Earl of Danby, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by this House; and to report, How Precedents stand in relation to the Pardon; and in what manner, and by what Means, the same was obtained; That the Committee had agreed upon a Report to be made to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and is as followeth, viz.

" We find no Precedent, that ever any Pardon was granted to any Person impeached by the Commons of High Treason, or other High Crimes, depending the Impeachment."

" As to the Manner of passing the Earl of Danby 3 Pardon, it hath been formerly reported to the House: And the Committee refers themselves to that Report."

" That by what Means it was obtained, the Time allowed the Committee hath been so Short, that we cannot as yet discover the Advisers or Procurers thereof, any further than what is mentioned in the said Report relating to the Lord Chancellor."

Resolved, &c. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire their Lordships to demand of the Earl of Danby, Whether he will rely upon and abide by the Plea of his Pardon: And that Sir Francis Winnington do go up with the Message to the Lords.

The House then took into Consideration the State of the Kingdom; and how the Navy may be made useful for the Defence thereof.

And several Informations being given in to the House, of several Miscarriages in his Majesty’s Navy;

And Captain Roydon being called in to the Bar of the House; and having given in an Information touching his being turned out of his Command;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the Complaint of Captain Roydon-, as also all other the Miscarriages relating to his Majesty's Navy; and particularly, the granting of Passes, and the Inconveniencies that have thereby arisen to his Majesty’s Subjects; and likewise, the Information that hath been given in, touching the Ship called the Hunter; and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Fran. Winnington, Sir John Trevor, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Love, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Omlow, Mr. Sachavcrell, Mr. Wright, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Palmes, Colonel

Whitley, Mr. Whitacre, Sir Peter Tirrell, Sir John

ley, Mr. Mildmay, Mr. Thynn, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Tho. Player, Sir Henry Capell,'Six John Knight, Sir Eliah Har-

vey, Sir Hugh Bethell, Sir Robert Cleyton, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Stockdale, Sir RoberDillington, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Browne, Mr. Michael Harvey, Major and

all the Members that serve for the City of London, and all the Members of this House that are Merchants; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are to sit de die in diem: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bag of Writings found in Mr. Lang- LangWj home’s Chamber be delivered to Mr. Trenchard, in order Wr*tiBP> to prepare an Abstract of the same for the Committee of Secrecy.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevor do report the Bill for Supply Bill; disbanding the Army, together with the Amendments <hsbanding made by the Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow "* Morning at Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire into Fires in City the late Fires that have happened in and about the City of London. of London, do sit de die in diem.

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, Committees, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in thfe Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Answers of Viscount Stafford, ImP€acftl’ John Lord Bella sis, Henry Lord Arrundell of JVardour,

and William Earl of Pmvyes. be returned to the House of

Lords: And that Sir John Trevor do carry up the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Pawlct St. John have Leave to go ^®ve of

into the Country for a Week. senM'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 29" die Aprili, 1679-

Praters.

RDER ED, That the Standing Order of the House, New That no new Motion be made after Twelve of the Motlons-Clock, be strictly and constantly kept and observed.

Resolved, &c. That this House will every Day adjourn Adjonm-till Seven of the Clock next Morning. meats.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Bradshaw, Sir Richard Leave of Edgecombe, and Sir John Clopton, have Leave to go into Al,seDce-the Country.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty Answer to was pleased Yesterday at the Banqueting-house to return Addrtss-this Answer following, to the Address for executing Pickering, and other Popish Priests, condemned by the Judges at the Old Baily, and in the several Circuits; viz.

Gentlemen,

I have always been tender in Matters of Blood; which My Subjects have no Reason to take Exception at: But this is a Matter of great Weight: I shall therefore consider of it; and return you an Answer.

Sir John Trevor reports, That, in pursuance of the Impeach-Order of the House, he had delivered to the Lords the several Answers of William Viscount Stafford, John Lord S 0 ’ c' Bellasis, William Earl of Powys, and Henry Lord Arrundell of JVardour: And that the Lord Chancellor de-

manded of him, " Whether the Commons were ready to join Issue :" Whereupon he told his Lordship, "That he had nothing of that kind in Commands from this House; but that the Committee of Secrecy would, with all convenient Speed, prepare their Evidence, to make good the several Charges and Impeachments exhibited against the Lords in the Tower'

Sir John Trevor reports, That the Committee of the Supply Bill;

whole House had made several Amendments, and added disbanding several Clauses, to the Bill for disbanding the Army: tlle Army' Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read.

Several of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved,

P*

Mm!

Pro'.fi

&£.

Pm i Pel

a per ccsio

Silt!

ait

Son

Etc

isb;

'h

[j

*F,

r-

lb

r 1-:

t

?. h et

1

E*.

ik

Ay l -te

1

: Ilftt

it

is

k

;e

d

Sif

<fo£ , W

Poor, &c.

Members

Protections,

Sec.

Privilege — Petition from a person in custody.

Silver Manufacture.

Norfolke,&c.

Elections.

Supply Bill; disbanding the Army.

31 Car. II.

290mmmmi o* Aprilis.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Consideration of the rest of the Amendments and Clauses, made and added by the Committee of the whole House to the said Bill, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30* die 1679.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That a Committee be appointed to bring in a Bill for reviving the Act of Settlements and to inspect the Laws relating to the Poor; and to bring in a Bill or Bills upon the Debate of the House, for the better Regulating the Poor, and Encouraging of Industry; and for the Punishing of Rogues and Vagabonds.

And it is referred to Sir Francis RusSir James Long,

Sir Edward Harley, Sir TrevorWill Sir Thomas ges, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Nathanael Herne, Mr.

Cooke, Alderman Backwell, Mr. Browne, Mr. Onslow, Sir

John Knight, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gould, Sir Philip Egerton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Starkey, Mr. Harboard, Mr Sir John Wynn, Mr. Williams, Mr. Foley, Serjeant Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Barker, Sir John Coryton, Mr. Reynall, Sir John Hewly, Mr. Colt, Dr. Jacob, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Wright; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Protections and written Certificates of the Members of this House be declared void in Law, and be forthwith withdrawn, and called in: And that none be granted for the future: And, that if any shall be granted by any Member, such Member shall be liable to the Censure of this House: And that, the Privilege of Members for their menial Servants be observed according to Law: And that, if any menial Servant shall be arrested and detained contrary to Privilege, he shall, upon Complaint thereof made, be discharged by Order from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That this Order be published, by setting up the same at the Lobby, WestmGate, at the several Courts in Westminster-hall, at the Inns of Court, and Inns of Chancery, and at the Royal Exchange.

A Petition of Robert Brent Esquire, now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read; setting forth his Innocency touching the Suspicion he lies under concerning Mr. Dugda/e; and praying to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Secrecy appointed to prepare Evidence against the Five Lords in the Tower; to examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinions thereupon to the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for regulating the Abuses in the Silver Manufactory: And it is recommended to the Care of Sir Charles Harbord, to prepare and draw up the same.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Miscarriages touching the Election for the Counties of Norfolke and Leicester be adjourned till Monday next Sevennight.

The House then did further proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for disbanding the Army.

And the rest of the Amendments, being read a Second time, with some Amendments made at the Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The Clause for redeeming the Captives in Algiers, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, rejected.

The Clause for ascertaining the Petition of Right, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses agreed to, be ingrossed.

Vol. IX.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Edward , Menage u

Usher of the Black Rod; attend the

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And the House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports the Effects of his Speech, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THE Season of the Year advancing so fast, I thought it necessary to put you in mind of Three Particulars;

1. Prosecution of the Plot.

2. Disbanding of the Army.

3. Providing a Fleet for our common Security.

And to, shew you, that, whilst you are doing your Parts,

My Thoughts have not been misemployed; but that it is My constant Care to do every thing that may preserve your Religion, and secure it for the future in all Events;

I have commanded my Lord Chancellor to mention several Particulars, which I hope will be an Evidence, that, in all Things that concerns the publick Security, I shall not follow your Zeal, but lead it

The Lord Chancellor’s Speech was as followeth;

Majesty’s The King'* J J Speech reported.

My Lords, and You the Knights, Citizens, and Lord Chan-Burgesses of the House of Commons, cellor’s

THAT Royal Care which His Majesty has taken for &*>eec the general Quiet and Satisfaction of all His Subjects, is now more evident by these new and fresh Instances of it, which I have in Commands to open to you.

His Majesty hath considered with Himself, that it is not enough, that your Religion and Liberty is secure, during his owm Reign; but He thinks, He owes it to His People, to do all that in Him lies, that these Blessings may be transmitted to your Posterity; and so well secured to them, that no Succession in After Ages may be able to work the least Alteration.

And therefore His Majesty, who hath often said in this Place, That he is ready to consent to any Laws of this kind (so as the same extend not to alter the Descent of the Crown in the right Line, nor to defeat the Succession), hath now commanded this to be further explained.

And, to the end it may never be in the Power of any Papist, if the Crown descend upon him, to make any Change either in Church or State; I am commanded to tell you, That His Majesty is w illing, That Provision may be made, first, to distinguish a Popish from a Protestant Successor; then to limit and circumscribe the Authority of a Popish Successor in these Cases following; that he may be disabled to do any Harm:

First, In reference to the Church;

His Majesty is content. That Care be taken, that all Ecclesiastical and Spiritual Benefices and Promotions, in the Gift of the Crow n, may be conferred in such a Manner, that we may be sure the Incumbents shall always be of the most pious and learned Protestants; and that no Popish Successor, while he continues so, may have any Power to controul such Presentments.

In reference to the State, and Civil Part of the Government;

As it is already provided, That no Papist can sit in either House of Parliament; so the King is pleased, That it be provided too, that there may never want a Parliament, when the King shall happen to die; but that the Parliament, then in being, may continue indissoluble for a competent Time: Or, if there be no Parliament in being, then the last Parliament which was in being before that Time, may reassemble, and sit a competent Time, without any new Summons or Elections. And, as no Papists can, by Law, hold any Place of Trust; so the King is content, That it may be further provided, That no Lords or others of the Privy Council, no Judges of the Common Law, or in Chancery, shall, at any Time, during the Reign of any Popish Successor, be put in or displaced, but by the Authority of the Parliament; and that Care also be taken, that none but sincere Protestants may be Justices of Peace.

Disbanding the Army.

Tregony

Election.

Dangers from Papists.

Disbanding the Army.

Mons’, &c. Nat

30-

TT-3

i° Matt.

A. 1679.

In reference to the Military Part;

The King is willing, That no Lord Lieutenant ot Deputy Lieutenant, nor no Officer of the Navy, during' the Aeign of arty Popish Successor, be put in orreraoved, but either by Authority' of Parliament, or of such Persons as the Parfiatnent shall intrust with such Authority.

It is hard to invent another Restraint to be put upon a Popish Successor, considering how much the Revenue of the Successor will depend upon die Consent of Parliament, and how impossible it is to raise Money without such Consent: But yet, if any thine else can occur to the Wisdom of the Parliament, which may further secure Religion and Liberty against a Popish Successor, without defeating the Right of Succession itself, His Majesty will most readily consent to it.

Thus watchful is the King for all your Safeties: And, if He could think of any filing else that you do either want or wish to make you happy, He would make it His Business tp effect it for you.

God Almighty long continue this blessed Union between the King, and His Parliament, and People.

Resolved, &c. That the Consideration of his Majesty’s Speech, and the Lord Chancellor’s Speech, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered \That a Committee be appointed to examine, What Part of the Money given for disbanding the Army is yet undisposed of, according to the Directions of the Act of Parliament, and now remains in the Exchequer; and make Report thereof to the House.

And it is referred to Sir EliaHarvey, Sir John Hczdy, Sir Gilbert Gerard, Sir Tko. La’, Sir Richard Mr. Colt, Colonel Birch, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hamden, Sir Sa-tnuelBernardislon, Co\one[Titus, Mv.Seymour, Mr.7 'hynn, Mr. Mompesson, Sir Robert C/eyton, Sir

Hugh Bet lull, Mr. Vincent, Colonel Whitley, Sir Robert

Howard, Sir Thomas C/arges, Mr. Duboys, Air.

Bir Job. Ilotham, Sir John CLord Sir

Anthony Irby, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Chr. MasgrSir Tredenham,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Slater, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Robert lington, Sir Win. Coventry, Mr. Whoruvod: And they are to meet this Af ternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Expressions uttered by one C inCon- Privilege —

tempt of the Orders and Proceedings of this House ? Reflects

Ordered, That the said Christopher be. sent00 e °°*‘

for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Anna, to answer at the Bar of this House his Breach of Privilege, in uttering several rude and indecent Expressions, in Contempt of the Orders and Proceedings of tibia House.

Sir Thomas Exton reports from the Committee to whom Dr. Nelson, the Consideration of the Petition of Dr. John Nelson was referred, That the Committee had met several times; and had examined the Alatter to them referred; and were of Opinion, That the said Dr. Nelson be discharged from his Confinement, and be put out of the Commission* of the Peace.

Ordered, That Dr. John Nelson be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Aloming, at Eleven of the Clock: And that he be then discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

A Bill for the better Prevention of illegal Exaction of Illegal Aloney from the Subject, was read the Second time. Exaction.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir mas Clarges, Sir John Henley, Mr. Colt, Sir Thomas Stringer, Sir Thomas Ixc, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr.

Beake, Serjeant Strode, Colonel Titus, Sir Russell,

Sir Robert Markham, Sir John Kcwpthonte, Sir Coventry, Mr. Duboys, Sir Robert Cley ton, Sir John Knight,

Mr. Wright, Lord Russell, Colonel Birch, Mr. Boscauen, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Tredtnham, Mr. Hamden, Sir Robert Dillington, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Cloberry, Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Kelland, Sir William Portman, Mr. Papillon, Sir Thom. Player,.Mr. Harboard, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Hungerford, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Ayliffe, Serjeant Seys, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Whitehead, Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr. Love, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Sir

Mallet, Mr. Austin, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Dr.

Jacob, Sir John Hotham, Sir Hugh Cholmley, Mr. Rush-north, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Robert Peyton, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Treby, Sir Walter Young, Sir Wm. Bastard,

Air. Garraxcay, and all the Alembers of this House that

are of the Long Rohe: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Air. Trelaxcny, and Air. Onsloxo have Leave of Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

pH#

[:#gu

ijctf

IV.

Meru

id

Con

Lm

Jovis, primo die Maii, 1679-

Prayers.

RDERED, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections have Power to send for all such Persons as shall appear to them to be concerned in the Aliscarriages and undue Practices, touching the Election and Return of John Tanner Esquire to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregony in Cornwall.

Ordered, That Sir VereFane have Leave to go into the Country for a Week.

Ordered, That Mr. Churchill have Leave to go into the Country for this whole Session, in order to the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cann and Sir Gervas Elms have Leave to go into the Country for a Week.

L.v

tn

Resolved, See. That the further Consideration of securing the King and the Protestant Religion, against the Attempts of the Papists, both in the Reign of his Majesty and Ixls Successors, be adjourned till Monday next.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire, What Part of the Money given for disbanding the Army is yet undisposed of, in pursuance of the Directions of the Act of Parliament, and now remaining in the Exchequer, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Ingoldsby have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to go into the Country for a Month.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Addressee made to his Address Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, to desire his Majesty to command the Lord Chancellor to put Dr. John Nelson out of the Commission of the Peace.

Jt

n

01

B

A Bill for naturalizing Isaac dMons, and others, was read the First time,

'Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed of several rude and indecent 24

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for, the greater Burying in Ease of adyiiniatring the Oaths required to betaken Woollen, by the . Act for burying in Woolfon; And that it be recommended, to the Care of Sir Charles, Hgrberd, to prepare the same

Ordered,

My.

tiff

Ax

Punishments for false Returns.

31 Car. II. i

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

Mali.

609

i,. fl- Regulating Elections.

ier 1.

IT. i

k

% t. 1

ir.

B.

k A

r1 is Elections

ir. instead of

i-,) Members taking Office

n

if

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire wool!.» the Journals, and search for Precedents, for punishing into the Abuses and Causes of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture. Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Officers, for making Manufacture; and to consider how the same may be im-felse Returns of Members to serve in Parliament. proved, and the Abuses rectified; and to brinein a Bill

And it is referred to Sir Henry Capell, Sir William or Bilb, upon the Debate of the House, for that Purpose;

Poultney, Sir Thomas Player, Sir John Hotham, Lord and to consider of repealing Laws, now in being, that are Cavendish, Mr. Onslow, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Francis prejudicial to the said Manufacture; and report their Drake, Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr. Harboard, Sir James Longt Opinions therein to the House; and to inspect the Bill Sir Robert Thomas, Sir William Coventry}*Mr. Whitehead, depending in the last Parliament, for encouraging the Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Williams, Colonel Birch, Wearing of Woollen Manufactures; and report their Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Treoor Williams, Mr. Vaughan, Opinions likewise therein to the House.

Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Duboyes, Mr. Colt, Sir Thomas And it is referred to Mr. Duboys, Sir Henry Foord, Mr.

Clerges, Sir John Treoor, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Robert Wkitacr Sir Air. Boscawen, Sir

Dillington, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Gerard Russell, Coryton, Sir Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir

Air. Ash, Sir William Bastard:And they are to meet Peyton, Mr. Powle, Colonel Birch, Sir

this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Serjeant Mr. Freake, Sir John Mallett, Sir Robert

Chamber: And are to report the same, with their Opi- Carr, Sir John Darrell, Mr. Henry Sir John

nions thereupon, to the House. Salusbury, Mr. IVm. Bulkeley, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir

Downin Lord Air. Sir Ordered, That the Committee appointed to bring in Lord Morpeth, Sir IVm. Robarts, Sir John Talbot, Sir a Bill for regulating the Election of Members to serve in James Long, Mr. Gresham, Sir William Mr.

Parliament, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at PapillonAir. Williams, Mr. Mr. , Mr. Three of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed: BarkerSir Air. And that Mr. Williams, and all the Members of this Sir Francis Drake, Sir Robert Cleyton, Mr. Whitehead,

House that are of the Long Robe, be added to the said Sir Anth. Irby, Sir William Escourt, Mr. Lewis, Doctor Committee; do examine the Matter; and particularly re- Jacob, Sir

ays ana Means, the same was reversed; together with the Names of the particular Judges that were concerned for and against the Reversing the said Judgment. And it is particularly recommended to the Care of Sir Robert Carr, Serjeant Maynard, and Mr. Williams.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That when any Member of this House is preferred by the King to any Office or Place of Profit, a new Writ shall immediately issue out for Electing of a Member to serve in his stead: And that it be recommended to the Care of

Air. Moore, Sir Henry Goodrich, Sir

Sir Francis Winnington, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Ayliff'e, Sir John Reresby, Sir Scrope How, Mr. Barker, Sir Richard Corbett, and all the Merchants that are Members of this House: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

C ommittee*.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Air. Norbome, having departed the Ser- Absentee Mr. Hamden, to draw up such a Bill, and present the vice of this House without Leave, be sent for in Custody without ' ' of the Serjeant al Arms attending this House: And that Ltave-

he shall not be admitted to take his Place in the House, till he hath paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charge.

same to the House Tomorrow Alominst.

o

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mi*. Country.

Starkey have Leave to go into the

And then the House adjourned tiU To-monjow Morning, Seven of the Clock-

Lord Mo-hua’s Estate.

Veneris, 2* die Mail, 1679-

PfiAlTEHS.

ORDERED, That the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Manors and Lands late of Charles Lord Mohun, therein named, to fell and sell Timber, and to make Leases, for Payment of his and his Father's Debts, and to raise a Portion for his Daughter, be read Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

b*

13

Judgment against Sir S. Bemar-diston.

Ordered, That the House be Called over on this Day Call of the Fortnight. House.

Sir Richard Cast reports from the Committee appointed Disbanding to inquire, What Part of the Money given for disbanding the Army, the Army is undisposed of, in pursuance of the Directions of the Act of Parliament, and now remains in the Exchequer, That the Committee had met; and had examined the Matter to them referred; and had agreed upon a Report to be made to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read, and js as followeth; viz.

The Committee upon the Perusal of the Act of Parliament made 30* Car. II. Regis, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of Six hundred Nineteen thousand Three hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine-pence, for disbanding the Army, and other Uses therein mentioned, do find these following Clauses; viz.

Page the 14th, in hcec verba; " And it is hereby further

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire into the Matter of reversing the Judgment in the Case of Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid; That, after Orders

Sir Samuel Bemardiston, do sit de die in diem, till they are ready to report the same: And be impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bankrupts. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That

shall be registred for the Repayment of the Loans in this Act, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, with Interest as aforesaid, and the Forces actually disbanded; that other Orders of the Lord Treasurer to the Paymaster of the Land Forces, for Paymentfor Cloaths

where the greater Number of Creditors of any Bankrupts and other Necessaries for the Forces to be disbanded by are willing to come to any Composition, it shall not lie in this Act, shall be registred in Course, according to their the Power of the lesser Number of the Creditors to defeat respective Dates: And that all Orders for Repayment of such Composition: And it is recommended to the Care Monies lent shall be registred in Course, according to the of Mr. PapiUon, to prepare and bring in such a Bill. Date of the Tally respectively: And that all other Orders, Vol. rX. 7P after

6io 2* — 30

after the actual Disbanding of the Forces, shall be entered in Course, according to the respective Dates."

Page 15. Those Monies not to be divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose, whatsoever.

In this Paragraph there seems to be Two distinct Appointments, or different Uses and Consignments of the Monies before-mentioned, v One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, for the actual Disbanding of the Army, and Fifty thousand Pounds, 8$ for Payment of Cloaths, 8$c. had for the Use of the Army.

Page 21. It follows in the said Act in h<zc Verba: "Be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies herein before-named and mentioned, collected, levied, and paid by virtue of this Act, except the Allowances therein made to the respective Collectors, Clerks, Receivers General, fyc. and what shall be issued out of the Exchequer for the Repayment of Loans made in pursuance of this Act, upon the Credit of the Two hundred and Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds, Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence into the Exchequer, and Interest for the same, shall be applied and appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for the speedy and complete paying and disbanding the Forces, Officers, and Soldiers, raised since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677; and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose, whatsoever."

Page 27. " Be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Treasurer or Paymaster of the Land Forces shall, in the First place, pay off and discharge the Wages and Pay due to the Officers and Soldiers at the respective Time of their Disbanding: And shall, within Twenty Days after the Disbanding of any Regiment, Troop, or Company, or any Number of Horse or Foot, return, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, a Certificate, fairly written in Parchment, of the Money he paid, and the Numbers of Men, together with the Days of their Muster; whereby a due Account may appear thereof: And out of the Residue of the Money he shall pay and discharge what appears due for Cloaths, and other Necessaries, and Charges relating to the said Forces,

These Paragraphs seem to appropriate the whole intire Sum to the Disbanding of the Army first; yet with a regard to the Payment for Cloaths and Necessaries for the Army also.

Thus for the Act.

The Committee then desired the Paymaster of the Land Forces, Mr. Kingdome, to inform them, What Sums of Money he had paid in pursuance of the said Act, and by what Orders, for the Disbanding of the Army; and What was registred in the Exchequer upon that Account; that so they might be fully informed, What was undisposed of, and remaining in the Exchequer, of all the Monies given by the said Act.

The said Paymaster informed the Committee, That he had disbursed the whole Two hundred thousand Pounds raised upon the Act, in paying off and disbauding the Forces; and produced the Copies of Two Orders, the One bearing Date the Three-and-twentieth of 1678, for One hundred and Ten thousand Pounds: Signed " Danby, J. Ernlcy. Examined, Howard"

This Order, he saith, was registred.

Another Order, bearing Date the One-and-twentieth of August 1678, for Ninety thousand Pounds: Signed " Danby, J. Ernlcy. Examined, Howard."

This Order, he saith, was not registred.

The Committee also heard, what an honourable Person, a Member of this House, Sir Robert Howard, could inform them in this Matter: Who averred, That he was indeed privy unto, and had entered and registred the former Order for One hundred and Ten thousand Pounds, which was allowed to be disbursed for the Payment of the Army, according to the Act; and believes, That, in pursuance of the said Act, Forty thousand Pounds more might be paid by the said Paymaster towards the Disbanding of the Forces; but affirms, That Forty or Forty-five thousand Pounds more is yet undisposed of, and must or ought to remain in the Exchequer, or will be there in few Days; for that he never hadi, nor would enter and register any more Orders for other Monies, till the Army

Mali. A. 1679.

was complete and actually disbanded; for that it could not be justified by the Act.

This is the utmost Truth, as to the Matter of Fact, the Committee could find out in so Short a time: And, indeed, whether any of the Monies, before-mentioned, be regularly paid for Disbanding of the Land Forces, as the Act limits, appropriates, and directs, the Army being still kept up, the Committee humbly submits to the Opinion of this House.

Doctor John Nelson being called in to the Bar, accord- Privilege — ing to the Order of the House; and there kneeling; and A perwn having received a Reproof from Mr. Speaker; was dis- discharged, charged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Report touching the Election for the Warwick County of Warwick be made Tomorrow Morning at Election> Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Liberty of North and Sir Robert Atkins; the Subject.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Act, intituled, An Act for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill for paying off and disbanding the Army, was Supply Bill; read the Third time. disbanding

And some Amendments being made at the Table; the An"J' Resolved,]Scc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of Two hundred and Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, lor paying off’and disbanding the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth of September One thousand Six hundred Seveuty-and-seven.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevor do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir John Kempthorne have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Ten Days, from Monday next. Absence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Sabbati, 3* die Maii, 1679*

Praters.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend- Liberty of ments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An the Subject Act for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject; and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

The First, Second, Third, and Fourth Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The Fifth Amendment, being read a Second time, was, with the Addition of these WTords, "by any such Person or Persons, or any on his, her, or their Behalf," after the Words, "in Writing," upon the Question, agreed.

The Sixth and Seventh Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The Eighth and Ninth Amendments, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, To agree with the Lords in those Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

The Tenth Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question, agreed.

The Eleventh and Twelfth Amendments being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, To agree with the Lords in those Amendments:

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, to die Twenty-fourth Line in the Ninth Press, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The

j i Car. II.

3° Ma

61

ii.

IDs

at

ce Lr ii

in-

tile

te

ie,

a

The Amendment in the Twenty-fourth Line in the Ninth Press being read a Second tune;

And the Question being put, To agree with the Lords in that Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments to the Twentieth Line in the Tenth Press, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The Amendments in the Twentieth and One-and-twen-tieth Lines in the Tenth Press being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, To agree with the Lords in those Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendments in the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Lines in the Tenth Press, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The Clauses sent down from the Lords, to be added to the Bill, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the Clauses sent down from the Lords to be added to the Bill for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas, be referred to a Committee; to consider of the same; and report their Opinions therein to the House, the first Business this Afternoon.

insist upon my Plea put in :Which I now do: and I desire, that my Counsel may be heard, to make out the Validity of my Pardon.

A Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, &c. That the Consideration of the said Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning the First Business.

Sir William Poultney reports from the Committee ap- Liberty of pointed to consider of the Clauses sent down from the the Subject. Lords to be added to the Bill for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas, That the Committee had met; and had considered of the Matter to them referred; and were of Opinion, That the Clauses do stand as Part of the Bill.

The said Clauses being read, were, with the Addition of these Words, " Provided nevertheless, That, after the Assizes are ended, any Person or Persons detained may have his or her Habeas Corpus, according to the Direction and Intention of this Act," after the Word, " appertain," at the End of the First Clause.

Ordered, That the Members to whom the Consideration of the said Clauses was referred, do withdraw; and consider of Reasons to be delivered at a Conference to be

And it is referred to Sir Francis Winnington, Serjeant had with the Lords, \VThy this House have disagreed with

id- Lr

kB'

t;

ts,

ii.

h

id

it

Maynard, Sir John Trevor, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Partheridge, Mr. Hamden, Sir Thomas Clergis, Serjeant Ellis, Mr. Powle, Master of the Rolls, Sir William Poulteney, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe that are Members of this Honse, or any Three of them.

Resolved, &c. That this House will sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Player do go up to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House doth intend to sit this Afternoon; and desires their Lordships to do the like.

Sir Thomas Player reports, That the Lords have agreed to sit this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gower have Leave to go into the Country.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Beversham and Sir Edward Low;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act for freeing the City of and Parts adjacent,

from Popish Inhabitants; and providing against other Dangers which may arise from Papists: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Irish Cattle. Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee appointed to prepare and draw up a Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners, That tire Committee had met, and had prepared such a Bill: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read on Tuesday Morning next, the First Business.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

*0 House to sit

i'Vij Or F. M.

«y-

to

gob Leave of Absence.

IW Removing Papists.

Post Meridiem ejusdem Diei.

Earl Danby's A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice and

Pardon. Mr. Justice Jones;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That, according to the Desire of this House, their Lordships have demanded of the Earl of Danby, Whether he would rely upon, and abide by, the Plea of his Pardon: And the Earl of Danby, being this Day brought to the House of Lords, made the Answer following by Word of Mouth only;

" The Plea, which I have put in, was put in by the Advice of my Counsel: And my Counsel tells me, That my Pardon is a good Pardon in Law; and advise, me to Vol. IX.

their Lordships in several of their Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire Conference a Conference with their Lordships upon their Amend- Loads'1 W*th ments made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas: And that Sir Robert Markham do go up with the Message.

Ordered, That the Report touching the Election for Warwick the County of Warwick be made on Wednesday Morning Election, next, at Ten of the Clock.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Members appointed Conference to draw up Reasons to be delivered at a Conference to be Libert^of had w'ith the Lords, Why this House doth disagree with the Subject. their Lordships in several of their Lordships Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas, That they had prepared Reasons:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read, and, upon the Question, severally agreed: And are as followeth, viz.

3 Pr. 9 Line: These Words are but an Explanation, that any Person or Persons, or any in their Behalf, may make the said Request, agreeable to the foregoing W ords of the Bill.

4 Pr. 3 Line: The leaving out these Words takes not away the Jurisdiction of other Courts; but the Retaining of them may give Countenance to them through a Mistake; and there can be no Failure of Justice by the Omission of them.

4 Pr. n Line: The Admitting of this Amendment may support other kind of Commitments than what are allowed by this Act.

5 Pr. 33 Line: This Amendment depends upon the Reasons given in the Second Amendment disagreed to by the Commons.

5 Pr. 35 Line: The Commons think that these are Words of too much Restriction.

9 Pr. 24 Line: The Commons conceive the Offences named in the Bill, are so heinous, that they cannot agree to diminish the Penalties.

10 Pr. 20 and 21 Lines: Against a bare Accusation and Indictment no Man can be safe, being against the unusual Proceedings at Law.

10 Pr. 56 Line: This Addition gives only more clearly, to the Party grieved, the Remedy intended by the Bill.

Sir

6ia 3 — 5

Sir Robert Markham reports, That the Lords have agreed to meet this House at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that prepared the Reasons, do attend, and manage the Conference

Sir Thomas Meres reports. That the Members appointed had attended, and managed the Conference; and left the Bill, Amendments, and Clauses, with the Lords; and delivered the Reasons, Why this House hath disagreed with their Lordships in several of their Amendments.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which are discontinued, be revived; and do sit on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Mali.

A. 1679.

Middle-dorp’s, &c. Petition.

Luna, 5* die Mali, 1679*

Praters.

A PETITION of Peter Midd Herman Stubbs, il David Stolly, Detdess Stolly, and Lastropp,

on Behalf of themselves and several others, Hamburghers, Dantzikers, Polanders, and Owners of a

Cargo of Goods laden on board the Ship called the Prosperous of London, whereof John Reade was Master; was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; to examine the Matter of Fact set forth in the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that they make no Report, till after Ten of the Clock.

And it is referred to Mr. Love, Sir Patience H ard, Sir Robe/tCarr, SirSamuclBernardistm, Sir Nathanael FIcnte, Sir Richard Corbet, Sir John Knight, Mr Wright, Mr. Papillon, Sir John Hotham, Six R

Sir Hugh Bethel/, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Mr. Harbord, Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Pilkington, Mr. Williams, Sir John Hewley, Sir Robert Holmes, Colonel Birch, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Charles Gawdcy, Sir Hugh

Cholmly, Si: Robert Clayton, Sit Robert Peyton, Mr. Deeds, SerjeantRigby, Nix.Poiwle, Sir Jo Mr. Vceughan, Mr. William (doryton, Mr. Gould: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Brent to be discharged

Sir Thomas Lee reports from the Committee of Secrecy , 1 to whom the Consideration of Mr. Brent's Petition was

10m usto y. refermj} That the Committee had considered of the Matter of the said Petition; and were of Opinion, That there was no Cause further to continue Mr. Brent in Custody; but that he may have Liberty to go to his House in G/ocestershire, giving his own Security to appear upon

Summons.

Resolved, &c. That the House doth agree with the Committee, That there is no Cause further to continue Mr. Brent in Custody; but that he may have Liberty to go to his House in Glocestershire; and be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees, and giving his own Security to appear upon Summons.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for securing the King and Kingdom against the Growth and Danger of Popery, is committed, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed; and do sit de die in diem, until the Bill be reported: And the Care thereof is particularly committed to Sir William Poultney.

A Bill for the better Attendance of Members elected to serve in Parliament, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time, on Wednesday Morning next, the First Business.

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate touching the Earl of Danby.

Securing King, &c. against Popery.

Attendance of Members,

Earl Danby Pardon.

Resolved, Nemme amtradicente, Thatit is the Opinion of this House, That the Pardon pleaded by the Earl of Danby is illegal and void; and ought not to be allowed in Bar of the Impeachment of the Commons of England.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the whole House will go up to the Lords Bar, and demand their Judgment against the Earl of Danby; for that the Pardon by him pleaded is illegal and invalid; and ought not to bar or preclude the Commons from having Justice upon their Impeachment.

Resolved, Ac. That a Committee be appointed to prepare and draw up Reasons, upon the Debate of this House,

Why this House is of Opinion, That the Pardon pleaded by the Earl of Danby is illegal and void; and ought not to be allowed in Bar of the Impeachment of the Commons of England.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Franc.

Winnington, Sir Robert Carr, Master of the Rolls, Mr.

Powle, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir William Coventry, Mr. Williams, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Vaughan,

Serjeant Ellis, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Hamden, Sir Thomas Meres; or any Three of them.

The Lord Russell acquaints the House, That his Ma- Messa?' jesty commanded him to let the House know, That his Majesty is willing to comply with the Request made to andiheFL. Him by this House, concerning Pickering; and that the Law shall pass upon him accordingly.

As to the condemned Priests, the House of Peers have sent for them, in order (as his Majesty conceives) to some Examinations.

I am further commanded to acquaint you from his Majesty, That he repeateth his Instances to you, to think of putting the Fleet in such a Posture as may quiet Mens Fears, and, at least, secure us from any sudden Attempts; which his Majesty doubts not but you will do: And though the Streights and Difficulties He lieth under are very great, He doth not intend, during this Sessions, to press for any other Supply; being willing, rather to suffer the Burdens that are upon Him some time longer, than to interrupt you, whilst you are employed about the Discovery of the Plot, the Tryal of the Lords, and the Bills for securing our Religion.

Ordered, That the Members appointed to draw up Rea- Earl DaiM sons, Why this House is of Opinion, That the Pardon Pardon-pleaded by the Earl of Danby is illegal and void, do withdraw; ana consider of and prepare a Form of Words to be delivered at the Bar of the House of Lords, touching the Illegality and Invalidity of the Pardon pleaded by the Earl of Danby, and the Judgment to be demanded by this House of their Lordships thereupon, against the said Earl.

Mr. Hamden reports, That the Members appointed Judgment to had considered of the Matter to them referred; and had be demanded, agreed upon a Form of Words to be delivered at the Bar of the House of Lords: Which he read in his Place; and af-. terwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mv Lords,

THE Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, are come up to demand Judgment in their own Names, and the Names of all the Commons of England, against Thomas Earl of Danby, who stands impeached by them before your Lordships of High Treason, and divers High Crimes and Misdemeanors, to which he has pleaded a Pardon: Which Pardon the Commons conceive to be illegal and void; and therefore they do demand Judgment of your Lordships accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Bur lace have Leave to go into the

ADSvBvCi

Country.

Ordered, That the Consideration of his Majesty’s and King's the Lord Chancellor’s Speech, made on Wednesday last, to Speech, to both Houses of Parliament, be adjourned till Wuhiesday ^dere"n‘ Morning next: And that the Committee of Secrecy do then present to the House an Abstract of such Matters as

25 are

Jod?

gjjlt

yi

Vi

b<

con

tom

M

¥1*

It

a- H

't-1

♦f-

0

‘ic

k

IB

it

OS

I:

7

5

ie

Ft'

D k

e

e

e

s

31 Car. II.

6°-

,0

Maii-

613

Judgment demanded against Karl Danby.

are contained in the Papers in their Custody, relating to the Duke of Yorke concerning the Plot.

Ordered, That Mr. Thyn do go up to the Lords, to desire their Lordships to sit for some time longer.

Mr. Thyn reports, That the Lords have agreed to sit for some convenient Time.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, then went up to the Bar of the House of Lords, to demand Judgment against the Earl of Danby, upon the Illegality and Invalidity of the Plea of his Pardon.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, being returned;

The House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,

Seven of the Clock.

Martis, 6* die Maii, 1679-

Prayers.

Dale’sE’state.

SI R John Healey reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for enabling Trustees to sell the Lands of the Coheirs of Charles Dale Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had met; and had gone through the Bill; and had made several Amendments: Which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the

Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence, for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677; with some Amendments: To which thejt desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to ac- Impeach-quaint them, That this House is ready to make good the "ent of Earl several Charges and Impeachments exhibited by this rowys’ c' House against William Earl of Powys, William Viscount Stafford, Henry Lord A rundell of Wardour, William Lord Petre, and John Lord Bellasis.

Ordered, That the Members of the Committee of Secrecy that prepared the Evidence against the Five Lords in the Tower, be appointed to manage the Evidence at the Tryals of the said Lords: And that Mr. Williams and Sir George Strode be added to the Committee.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be made to Address for his Majesty, to desire his Majesty to remove the Duke removing the of Lauderdale from all Offices, Employments, and Places {^rdale. of Trust, and from his Majesty’s Councils in England and Scotland, and from his Presence for ever.

And it is referred to Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Francis Ulu-nington, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Richard Graham, Colonel

Titus, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr.

Sir John Trevor, Mr. Papillon, Sir Gilbert Mr.

Privilege —

contemptuous "

same in at the Clerk’sTable: Where she same were twice Hopkins, Sir Thomas Clerges, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed. John Hotham, Colonel Birch, Mr. Bennet^lr. Ilarboard,

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments Sir Mr. Love, Mr. Foley,

agreed, be ingrossed. Mr. Sir John or any Three of them, to

prepare and draw up the same; and present it to the House

The House being informed, that John Wilson and Roger To;morrow MominS- And they are to insPect >he Laws

Words Beckwith Esquires, Justices of the Peace for the County of Yorke, have spoken contemptuous Words against the Parliament, in saying, " This Parliament is no Parliament; and that they would justify it

Ordered, That the said John Wilson and Roger Beckwith be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to answer, at the Bar of this House, their speaking contemptuous Words against the Parliament, in saying, " That this Parliament is no Parliament; and that they would justify it."

Absentee

without

Leave.

Irish Cuttle, &c.

of Scotland, and see how far they are prejudicial to England, in relation to the hostile Laws; and to examine the Reason of the Failure of the Commerce between the Two Kingdoms: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, &c. That an humble Address be made to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Pi ivy Council, humbly to desire his Majesty, Tin t such Papers as relate to the former Proceedings in Council, concerning the Hunter Sloop and the Ship Catharine, may either be delivered into the Hands of the Committee appointed by the House to inspect into that

Address for Papers.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Goreing, having departed the Service of this House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms: And that he shall not be admitted to take his Place in the House, till he hath J,latter> as also into the Miscarriages of his Majesty’s

..... - - - ' Navy; or that Sir Robert Southwell may cause Copies of

the same to be forthwith transcribed, and transmitted to the said Committee.

paid the Serjeant his Fees and Charges.

A Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners, was read the First time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read the Second time;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers l^lT ^ranc^s ’\Sii

Resolved, &c. That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Supply Bill; ing, take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for paying oft'and disbanding the Army. lhe Arruy#

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

[Sir Robert Peyton,} for the Noes<133-

eas, 184.

Morning,

Seven of the Clock.

Leave of Absence.

I*

\l4,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Butlei' and Sir Robert Parker have Leave to go into the Country for a Week.

Impeach- Mr. Treby acquaints the House, That the Committee ment of the Gf Secrecy are ready to make good the several Charges five Lords. an(j Impeachments exhibited by this House against the Five Lords in the Tower.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of Two hundred and Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Vol. IX.

Supply Bill;

disbanding tb« Army-

Mcrcurii,7* die Maii, 1679-

Prayers.

ABI L L to enable Joseph Craggc Esquire to sell a Cragge’s

certain Messuage in Lincolne's Fields, for the Estate. Payment of Legacies charged on the same, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to Boston Writ-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Boston in the County of in

the room of Serjeant Ellys, now made a Judge in his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas, Westminster.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of Debts against Bankrupts. Bankrupts, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

7 Q Ordered,

L«avc of Absence.

Removing

Papists.

Sending King, &c.

against

Popery.

Earl Dauby’: Impeachment.

Impeachment of Earl Powys, &c.

Leave of Absence.

A Member excused f rom Commitment.

Leave of A bsence.

Earl Dan by's Impeachment.

Preservation

of the King, jfcc.

014 70 — 8° 1679.

Ordered, That Mr. Erelinhave Leave to go into the Country for a few Days.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for freeing the City of and Parts adjacent,

from Popish Inhabitants; and providing against other Dangers which may arise from Papists, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Mr. Mr.

Foley, Captain Deeds, Mr. RMr. Whitehead, Mr. Colt, Dr. Jacob, Sir John Darrell, Sir Richard Cast, Mr. Harboard,.Mr. Beake, Mr. Mr. Mild-

may, and all the Members of this House, that are of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for securing the King and Kingdom against the Growth and Danger of Popery is committed.

» A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Atkins and Mr. Justice Dolbev;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords, to acquaint this House with an Order Yesterday made, concerning the Earl of Dauby; viz.

" Whereas the Earl of Dauby hath adhered to the Plea of his Pardon; and prayed to be heard by his Counsel to make good the Validity of his Pardon: And whereas the Commons have, by their Speaker, in proper Person, demanded Judgment against the said Earl, as conceiving his Pardon to he illegal and void: It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, I hat Saturday next be appointed for Hearing of the Earl of Danbyto make good his said Plea." And,

We are further to acquaint you, with a Resolve also Yesterday passed, viz.

" Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the l ive Lords in the Ternr, viz. William Earl of Powys, William Viscount Stafford,

William Lord Pet re, Henry Lord of War dour,

and John Lord Bc/lasis, shall be brought to their Tryals

upon the Impeachment against them, this Day Seven-night."

We are likewise commanded, to let this House know, That the Lords have appointed an Address to he presented to his Majesty, for naming a Lord High Steward, as w ell in the Case of the Earl o i Daas the Tryal of the other Five Lords Prisoners in the Tower: And that the same shall be in Westminster-hall.

Ordered, That the Lord have Leave to go

into the Country for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Ghe excused from his

Commitment to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Mr. Barker have Leave to go into the Country for a Week.

Ordered, That a Committee he appointed to inspect the Journals, and search Proceedings, touching the Methpds of Proceedings in relation to the Message this Day sent from the House of Lords; and make Report to the House, Tomorrow Morning.

And it is referred to Mr. Sack aver cl!, Sir Francis ninglon, Mr. Powle,"Sir. Foley, Colonel Birch, Thomas

I we, Sir J Villi am Coventry, 'Sir.Mr

Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thomas MSir Thomas Littleton,

Sir EliubHarvey, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Gary away, and all

the Members of this House that are of the Long Rohe: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Place where the Committee of Secrecy appointed to prepare Evidence against the Earl of Dauby meets.

Resolved, See. That this House will sit on Sunday next, to take into Consideration that Part of the King’s and the Lord Chancellor’s Speech, which relates to the best Ways and Means for preserving the Life of his Sacred Majesty, and for securing the Protestant Religion both in the Reign

of his Majesty, and his Successors: And that the Committee of Secrecy do then present to the House an Abstract of such Matters as concern the Duke of Yorke, contained in the Papers and Writings in their Custody, relating to the Plot.

Resolved, See. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill for paying off and disbanding the Army.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Jovis, 8* die , 1679.

Praters.

OIR John Trevor reports from the Committee appointed O to draw up an Address to he presented to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty to remove the Duke ot Lauderdale from all Offices, Employments, and Places of Trust, and from his Majesty's Councils in England and Scotland, and from his Presence for ever, That the Committee had met, and had prepared such an Address: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was again read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth, viz.

WE Your Majesty’s most Loyal and Dutiful Subjects the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, finding Your Majesty’s Kingdoms involved in imminent Dangers, and great Difficulties, by the evil Designs and pernicious Counsels of some, who have been and are in high Place, Trust, and Authority, about Your Royal Person, who contrary to the Duty of their Places, by their arbitrary and destructive Counsels, tending to the Subversion of the Rights, Liberties, and Properties of your Subjects, and the Alteration of the Protestant Religion established, have endeavoured to alienate the Hearts of Your Loyal Subjects from Your Majesty and Y our G overnment; amongst whom we have just Reason to accuse John Duke of Lauderdale for a chief Promoter of such Counsels, and more particularly, for contriving and endeavouring to raise Jealousies and Misunderstandings between Y our Majestys Kingdoms of England and Scotland, whereby Hostilities might have ensued, and may arise, between both Nations, if not prevented: Wherefore, we Your Majesty's Loyal Subjects could not but be sensibly affected with Trouble to find such a Person (notwithstanding the repeated Addresses of the last Parliament) continued inY* our Councils at this Time, when the Affairs of Y our Kingdom require none to be put into such Employments but such as are of know n Abilities, Interest, and Esteem in theNation, without all Suspicion of either mistaking or betraying the true Interest of the Kingdom, and consequently of advising Y our Majesty ill. We do therefore most humbly beseech Your most Sacred Majesty, for the taking away the great Jealousies, Disaffections, and Fears, amongst Y our good Subjects, That Your Majesty will graciously be pleased to remove the Duke of Lauderdale from Y our Majesty’s Councils in Your Majesty's Kingdoms of and

Scotland, and from all Offices, Employments, and Places of Trust, and from Yrour Majesty's Presence for ever.

Resolved, Sec. That this House will, in a Body, attend his Majesty with the said Address.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do desire to know' of his Majesty, When this House may attend his Majesty with the Address this Day agreed to.

The House then took into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty of Two hundred and Six thousand Four hundred Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence, for paying oft* and disbanding the Forces raised since the Tw enty-ninth of September 1677.

And the First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally agreed.

The

Supply Ril|. disbar, ding the Army,

Address for removing tU Duke of Lauderdale,

SuppK Bill;

disbanding the Army.

8° Mail

31 Car. II.

The Sixth and Seventh Amendments being for leaving out " John Lord 'Roos, Son and Heir apparent to the Earl of Rutland," being read a Second time;

And the I.ord Roos having being called up to the House of Peers, since the Bill was sent up to the House of Lords;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendments.

The rest of the Amendments to the I02d Skin 6 Line, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The Amendment in the i02d Skin 6 Line, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, For agreeing with the Lords in that Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, to the End of the Bill, being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed.

The Two Clauses, to be added at the End of the Bill, being twice read;

And the Question being severally put, To agree with the Lords in the said Clauses;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons to be delivered at a Conference, to be had with the Lords, Why this House had disagreed with their Lordships in several of their Amendments to the Bill for paying off and disbanding the Army.

And is referred to Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John,

Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Boscawen, Mr.

Garrau-ay, Mr. Pozcle, Mr. Hales, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Clarges, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the same.

Earl Danby's Sir Thomas Clerges reports from the Committee ap-impeack- pointed to inspect the Journals and search Precedents relating to the Message Yesterday sent from the Lords, relating to the Earl of Dauby, That the Committee had met; and had taken into Consideration the Matters to them referred; and had agreed upon a Report to be made to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again read: And is as followeth;

That the Committee finds, that, on the like Occasion, the House of Commons have appointed a Select Committee to join with a Committee of the Lords, to consider of the Methods and Circumstances to be observed in the Tryals.

J.cave of Ordered, That Sir Francis have leave to

Absence. g0 into the Country till Monday next.

Popish riot. Ordered, That Mr. Seymour, Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir Tho. C/argis, Mr. Tn‘by and Sir Thomas Player, do immediately repair to Mr. Harcourt, and take his Examination relating to the Plot; and report the same, if they see Cause, to the Committee of Secrecy.

House «tt Resolved, &c. That this House will sit this Afternoon: p* And that Sir William do go up to the Lords,

and acquaint them therewith; and desire their Lordships will do the like.

Drake's A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clerke and

Esinie. sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm certain Leases made by John Drake, and others; and to enable Sir Francis Drake to make a Jointure, and raise Portions for his Daughters and younger Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Lords sit Sir William Franklyn reports, That the Lords have

P. M. agreed to sit this Afternoon.

Supply Bill; Sir John Treoor reports from the Committee appointed

disbunding w draw Up Reasons, Why this House cannot agree with ill. Array. VOL. fX. "»

6l5

several of the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for disbanding the Army, Reasons agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question,

agreed: And are as followeth; viz.

5th Press, The Commons conceive the Clause to be unnecessary, because the Bill hath a relative Clause to the Act for the Building of the Ships; wherein the Clause desired by their Lordships is enacted.

That their Lordships Amendment, touching Guernsey and Jersey, is such a Disposition of Money as the Commons have great Reason to be tender of, from former Experience: It alters the Bill in several Parts; and would be of dangerous Consequence, if admitted.

That the Fifty thousand Pounds, mentioned in the last Amendment, is already appropriated to the paying off and disbanding the Army; and so there needs no such Clause: And the Altering of such Appropriation, by a subsequent Act, would destroy the Credit of any Appropriation to be hereafter made by Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Sachaverell Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Earl Danby’* William Coventry, Sir Richard Cast, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. ImP*ach*

Foley, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Woogan, Sir Zee, Mr. mci"

Pozcle, Colonel Titus, Sir John Trevor, Sir Henry Capell,

Sir Robert Carr, Sir William Hickman, or any Threeof them, do immediately withdraw, and prepare Matter and Heads, upon the Debate of the House, for a Conference to be had with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Message sent from the Lords, relating to the Earl of Danby, and the other Lords impeached; and present the same to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Drake’s Act to confirm certain Leases made by John Drake, and E,late* others; and to enable Sir Francis Drake to make a Jointure, and raise Portions for his Daughters and younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Re-ingrossment of the Records of Fines, Lost Records lost or burnt by the late Fire in the Temple, w as read the 01 Fines*

First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be referred to Mr. Mildmay, Mr. Popish Plot* Buller, Colonel Birch, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Hamden, to take the Examination oi'John way, touching the Plot; and report the same to the House, or the Committee of Secrecy, as they shall see Cause.

Ordered, That it be Part of the next Message to the Liberty of Lords to remind their Lordships of the Bill, intituled, the Subject. An Act for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject; and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

Mr. Pozcle reports, That the Members appointed had Earl Danby’a prepared Matter and Heads, upon the Debate of the Impeach-House, for a Conference to be had with the Lords upon ment* the Subject Matter of the last Message sent from their Lordships, relating to the Earl of Danby, and the other Lords impeached: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was again read; and, upon the Question, agreed: And is as follow eth; vis

" The Commons suppose your Lordships do intend, in all your Proceedings upon the Impeachments now depending before your Lordships, to follow the usual Course and Methods of Parliament; and the Commons cannot apprehend, what Should induce your Lordships to address his Majesty for a Lord High Steward, in order to the determining the Validity of the Pardon, which hath been pleaded by the Earl of Danby to the Impeachment of the Commons, as also for the Tryal of the other Five Lords; because we conceive the Constituting of a High Stew ard is not necessary; but that Judgments may be given in Parliament, upon Impeachment, without a High Steward."

" Thera

Dale’s

Estate,

Removing

Rapist*.

Conference desired with Lords.

Attendance of Members.

Lords agree to Conference, kc.

Conference on Supply yui.

616 8° — 9 0 MA. 1679.

" There being several other Matters contained in your their Lordships to the Bill for granting a Supply to his Lordships Messages, touching the Tryul of the Lords Majesty of Two hundred and Six thousand Lour hundred impeached; which, if not settled, may occasion several and Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-Interruptions and Delays in the Proceedings; the House pence, for paying off and disbanding the forces raised of Commons do therefore propose to your Lordships, since the 29th of September 1677.

That a Committee of both Houses may be nominated to Mr. reports, That the Lords had agreed to a

consider of the most proper Ways and Methods of Pro- present Conference in the Painted Chamber, ceedings upon Impeachments of the House of Commons, Ordered, That the Persons, that drew up the Reasons,

according to the Usage of Parliament, that thereby those do attend, and manage the said Conference: And that Inconveniencies may be avoided." Sir Thomas Meres, Colonel Birch, Colonel Titus, Mr.

- Seymour, Mr. Solicitor, be added to the said Managers.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the And accordingly the Members went up; and delivered Clock this Afternoon. their Reasons; and left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords.

Post meridiem ejusdem Diei. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Seven of the Clock.

A N ingrossed Bill for the Sale of the Lands of Charles ;__________

Dale Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and

Provisions for his Daughters, was read the Third time. Veneris, 9° die Maii, 1679-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Sale of the Lands, late of Charles Dale, Prayers.

of the County of Rutland, Esquire, deceased, for Pay- \ N ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, Drake’* ment of his Debts, and Provision for his Daughters and l\. An Act to confirm certain Leases made by John Estate. Co-heirs: And that Sir John Hewley do carry up the Drake Esquire, and others; and to enable Sir Francis Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence. Drake to make a Jointure, and raise Portions for his

Daughter and younger Children, was read the Second An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An time.

Act for freeing the City of London, and Parts adjacent, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Third time, from Popish Inhabitants; and providing against other The said Bill was read the Third time.

Dangers which may arise from Papists; was read the Resolved, See. That the Bill do pass: And that the

Second time. Title be agreed.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to the Com- Ordered, That Sir John do carry up the said

niittee to whom the Bill for securing the King and King- Bill to the Lords.

0^0 O

doiu against the Growth and Danger of Popery stands

committed i And that Mr. Deeds, and Doctor Jacob, be Resolved, &c. That a Message be sent to the Lords, Lords readded to the said Committee. to put them in mind of the Message sent from this House, minded of

To desire their Lordships Concurrence to the following 'n°teDrl,^t' Ordered, That Sir Christopher Musgrave do go up Vote; viz. of Yorke.

to the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject " That the Duke of being a Papist, and the

Matter of the last Message relating to the Earl of Danby, Hopes of his coming such to the Crown, has given the and the other Live Lords, impeached. greatest Countenance and Encouragement to the present

Conspiracies and Designs of the Papists against the King,

A Bill for the better Attendance of Members elected and the Protestant Religion." to serve in Parliament, was read the Second time. Ordered, That Sir Patience rird do carry up the

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Mr. said Message to the Lords,

Uamben, Lord Ancram, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Savage, Sir

Edmund Jennings, Sir John Mallet, Serjeant Rigby, OThat Mr. be immediately sent A Person u

Colonel 11hit ley, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Thomas Player, for to attend at the Bar of this House. atteu(*-

Mr. Foby, Sir Waller Ernie, Mr. Lewis, Sir Robert

Howard, Mr. Whorwood, Sir Francis Drake, Sir William A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Loe and Supply Bill; Hickman, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Palmes, Sir Wliter Baggot, Sir Miles Cooke; tt^Arar

Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Wyn, Mr. Pa- Air. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to rm,‘ pi/lon, Sir Henry Goodrich, Mr. Love, Sir Robert Peyton, acquaint you, That their Lordships have agreed to leave

Sir llcnry Culver ley, ‘Aw Robert Markham, Colonel Titus, out their Amendments, to which this House have not Air. Lambert, Mr. Thyn, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Sir Philip agreed, in the Bill for granting a Supply to his Majesty Egerton, Air. 1leynell, Mr. Upton, Sir William Bastard, of Two hundred and Six thousand l our hundred and Air. Duboyes, Sir Scrope Hence, Sir John Knight, Sir John Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence,

Talbot, Mr. Hartman I, Mr. Ash, Mr. Hopkins, Sir William for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the

Fnnddyn, Sir William Robarts, Sir Robert Carr: And Twenty-ninth of September 1077.

they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. A Petition of Henry Ray son, John and Leicester

Edwin, Gentlemen, Freeholders in the County 0Election.

Sir Christopher Musgrave reports, That he had at- ecster, on the Behalf of themselves, and the Majority of tended the Lords, and their Lordships had agreed to a 'the Freeholders in the said County; complaining of present Conference in the Painted Chamber; and also, Briberies, and other undue Practices, used at the Election That he hud reminded their Lordships of the Bill for of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parlia-better securing the Liberty of the Subjects; and for Pre- ment for the said County; and of the undue Return of vention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas. Sir John in Injury of the Petitioners; was read.

Ordered, That the Persons that prepared the Alatter Resolved, c. That the said Petition be referred to the for the Conference, do attend and manage the same: Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Llec-

And that Colonel Birch, Sir William Coventry, Air. tiens; to examine the Alatter thereof; and report the Hamden, Mr. Seymour, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Christopher same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Musgrave, be added to the said Alanagers.

A Bill for the Re-ingrossment of the Records of Fines Lust Records Ordered, That Air. Gray do go up to the Lords, to lost or burnt by the late Fire in the Temple, was road.a °0’ioes. desire a Conference about the Amendments made by Second time.

1S Resolved,

Cl"?1

|w!ts

ilieail

M ess

King,

Con

lib*

Sub

Cl

cc

111

1

1

k

(i

feh

e, -

fi ' 0

& 1

ie

it

It AFr

ia*

ll

3t

HI

31 Car. II.

Mali.

6i7

Message to attend the King.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Serjeant Mr. P&zrfe reports from the Conference had with the Conference — Seyes, Mr. Grey, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Robert Peyton, Mr. Lords concerning the Amendments made by their Lord- Liberty of the Thar borne, Sir John Mallet, Mr. Duboyes, Sir Richard ships to the Bill for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject. Cast, Sir John Knight, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Love, Mr. Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond Sachaverell, Sir James Long, Mr. Foley, Sir John Hew- the Seas; That the Members appointed had attended,

and managed the Conference: And that the Lord Privy Seal managed the Conference: And that what he delivered was as followeth;

4 Skin, 9 Line: First Amendment agreed.

4th Skin, 3d Line: It is safe to provide no other A Message from the King, by Sir Edward Carteret, Courts be hurt or prejudiced; and That's all the Amend-Usher of the Black Rod ment the Lords Offer imports: And the House of Com-

Mr. Speaker, mons intending the same Thing, the Amendment can do

The King commands this honourable House imme- no ^UJ"V nor g*ve Countenance through Mistake, diately to attend Him in the House of Peers. 11 Lme: II extends onlyto legal Warrants and Or-

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went ders> whicd come from other Authority besides the

Courts and Judicatures enumerated, and all legal Com-

by this Act; and the

' Q/ — 7--- v ---

ley. Sir Richard Corbett, and all the Gentlemen of the Ixing Robe, that are Members of this House: And they are to meet Tommorrow’ at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

up to attend his Majesty.

King appoints to be attended.

Mr. Secretary Coventry acquaints the House, That his Majesty* having been attended to know his Pleasure, When this House might attend him with the Address concerning the Duke of Lauderdale, had appointed Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

Precedents respecting Messages from the King, &c.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals, and search Precedents, touching the Carrying up of Bills; and what previous Intimation ought to be given to this House, of his Majesty's Intention to pass Bills; and from and by whom such Notice hath usually been given; and whether this House may debate, after the Message delivered by the Black Rod, for Attendance of this House upon his Majesty.

And it is referred to Mr. Hamden, Sir John Mr;

Seymour, Mr. Butler, Sir Anth. Irby, Mr. Duboyes, Sir Joseph Treden/iam, Sir Francis Russell, Mr. Boscaxven,

Colonel Birch, Mr. Harboard, Mr. lVogan, Sir Henry

Calvcrly, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir IVm. Co-

ventry, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Ralph Ashton, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Robert Howard, Mr.

Swinfen, Sir John Knight, S Rushout, Mr. Colt,

Mr. Foley: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three

tnitments ought to be allowed

Scope of the Act will stand firm, without other Words which the Lords have left out.

5 Skin, 33 Line: The Words "of Record" must be left out, for the Reasons in the Second Amendment; and because all Authority and Courts that may lawfully commit, are not of Record.

35 Line: Agreed.

qth Sk. 24 Line: Agreed; on condition the Proviso for the Peers be admitted.

10 Skin, 20 Line: The Lords wave their Amendment of " accused or indicted," so the Words may be read " have committed," instead of " commit."

Being Of Resiants in England, the Offence must have been committed before the Offender he sent away.

21: The Lords insist on the Word " Capital and wave the rest of their Amendments; because the Lords do not think reasonable, Men be sent away for trivial Offences.

The last we agree to, That after the Assizes Men may have the Benefit of this Act.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed forthwith to Lords Pro-inspect the Journals of the House of Lords; and see ceedingson what Entries are there made of their Proceedings In*n^1>eaC

Proceedings

:e^ lo-morrow at lliree relating to the Tryal of the Earl of Danby, and the of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. other p;ve Lords impeached, and particularly of their

Proceedings upon the Conference Yesterday had; and also upon what rounds the Popish Priests were sent for.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Hamden, Sir

Robert Carr, Colonel Titus, Sir Robert Howard, Mr.

Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Colonel

Conference — A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Sir

Liberty of the Samuel Clerlcc;

Ject- Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference

with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, relating to the'Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject; and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Birch, or any Three of them.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Conference had Cont'erenc* with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the Confer- concerning ence Yesterday had concerning the Tryals, That the the nas’

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet the Members appointed had attended at the Conference;

Conference concerning tb« Trials.

Jit’

Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

And the Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference had with the I.ords, concerning the Amendments made to the said Bill, do attend, arid manage this Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell arid Sir Samuel Clerke:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, about the Subject Matter of the Conference Yesterday had, concerning the Tryals.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c.. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference, concerning the Tryals, do attend, and manage this Conference.

Vol. IX.

and that the Lord Privy Seal managed the Conference; and what he delivered was as followeth;

" That the Lords do not agree to a Committee of both Houses; because they do not think it conformable to the Rules and Orders of Proceedings of this Court; which js, and ever must be, tender in Matters relating to their Judicature." 4

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Addresses for dress be made to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty to raising the give Order, That the Militia of London, ,^‘ua’

Southwarke, the Tower Hamlets, and the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, may be immediately raised, and put into a Posture of Defence.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Hamden, Sir William Poultney, Sir Thomas Clarges, Colonel Birch, Sir Henry Calverly,

Colonel Titus, Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Duboyes, Mr. Sachaverell, Sir Thomas Meres, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the same.

Resolved, 8cc. That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, That his

7 Majesty

618

9® — io* Mali.

A. 1679.

Answer to Address.

Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Order, that Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and their obstinate Con-Two Companies of the Trained Bands of Westminster tinuance there, in Contempt of Your Majesty's Laws, and tnay be put into Arms Tomorrow Morning. Royal Proclamations in pursuance thereof; and consi-

dering the great Dangers that may ensue thereby, espe-And then the House adjourned till Four of the cially at this Time of the approaching Tryals of die Po-Clock this Afternoon. pish Lords now Prisoners in the , in whose Behalf's

some desperate Attempts may be made; for Prevention " whereof, and for the better Securing of Your Majesty’s

Post Meridiem Sacred Person, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty,

That Your Majesty would be graciously pleased to give 1 ravers. Order, That the Militia of London, Westminster, -

M R. Speaker reports, That he, with the House, warke, the Tower Hamlets, and the Counties of Middle-having attended his Majesty with the Address concerning sex and Surrey, may immediately be raised, and put in the Duke of Lauderdale; his Majesty was pleased to a Posture of Defence, in such Proportions, and for such say, That he would consider of it, and return an Time, as Your Majesty shall think fit.

Answer.

Hearth

Money.

A Bill for the more easy Collecting the Duty of Hearth Money, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

Lords Proceedings on the Impeachments.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed to inspect the Lords Journals, and see what Entries are there made relating to the Tryal of the Earl of Danby, and the other Five Lords impeached; and particularly of the Proceedings upon the Conference Yesterday had; and upon what Grounds the condemned Popish Priests are sent for; That the Committee had inspected the Journals, and taken out Copies of their Proceeding: Which he reported to the House.

Resolved, &c. That no Commoner whatsoever shall presume to maintain the Validity of the Pardon pleaded by the Earl of Danby, without the Consent of this House first had: And that the Persons, so doing, shall

Resolved, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Address.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Carr do carry up the same to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee ap- Fires intbe pointed to inquire into the Causes of the late Fires, in City of Lot. and about the City of London, to examine likewise con- dun* ceming the Fire which happened last Night; and to bring in a Bill or Bills, upon the Debate of the House, for Prevention of the like for the future: And that Sir Charles Harboard, Mr. Colt, and Sir Samuel Bernar-diston, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Port Office into the Abuses and Exorbitances of the Post Office; and to bring in a Bill for Remedy thereof, upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Papillon, Sir Francis Russell,

Mr. Pilkington, Sir Henry Calverley, Sir Samuel Berrnr-diston, Serjeant Rigby, Mr Wright, Sir Thomas Stringer,

Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Patience Ward, Mr Mr.

Greenvile, Mr. Foot, Sir Henry Ford, Sir Stephen Fox,

Sir Halswell Tynt, Mr. Duboyes, Mr. Thompson, Mr

be accounted Betrayers of the Liberties of the Com- hams. Sir Nathanael Heme, Colonel Whitley, Mr. Gould, mons of England. _ Sir Sir Lord

Ordered, That this Vote be posted at Westminster-Ancram, Alderman Backwell, Lord Sir Robert

11 Irnfo of tfwa cotrnral f i a toe nf tl’io Sm-mantc Innc Act*

hall Gate, at the several Gates of the Serjeants Inns, and Inns of Court.

Resolved, That the Answer delivered by the Lords this Day, at the last Conference, tends to the Interruption of the good Correspondency between the Two Houses.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Persons that managed the last Conference be appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at the said Conference: And that it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That this House cannot proceed in the Tryal of the Lords, until the Methods of Proceedings be adjusted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Sabbati, 10* die Mali,

Prayers.

1679.

Address for

raising the Jliliti*

Southwell, Colonel Titus, Mr. Godolphin, Mr.

Mr. Thyn, Pickering, Sir Thomas Armstrong, Mr.

Neale, Sir Henry Goodrich, Mr. Bulkeley, Sir Hugh Be-thell, Sir John Lowther, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Sir Tho. Maleveror, Sir John Hot ham, Mr. Paston, and all the Members that serve for the Post Towns, and the City of London: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Robert Carr reports, That he had attended the Address for Lords with the Address for raising the Militia: And that raising the their Lordships had filled up the Blank with the Words Militia.

" the Lords Spiritual and Temporaland unanimously agreed to the Address.

Resolved, &c. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Conference desire a present Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference: And that Colonel do go up 6 with the Message.

Colonel Titus reports, That the Lords had agreed to

Earl

Impt

EMI

SI R Robert Peyton reports from the Committee ap- meet this House at a present Conference, in the Painted pointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Chamber.

Majesty, to desire him, That the Militia of London,

Westminster, Souikwarke, the Tower Hamlets, and the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, may immediately be

Mr. Hamden Feports fropi the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, Reasons agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed: And are as followeth; viz.

The Commons have desired this Conference with your WE Your Majesty’s most dutiful and Loyal Subjects Lordships, upon the Subject Matter of the last Confer-

and Commons, ence desired by your Lordships: Which was upon the in Parliament assembled, taking Notice of the great Re- Matter of the Conference desired by the Commons *ort of the Multitude of Jesuits, Popish Priests, and about the Tryals: This last Conference w-as thus re-ether Popish Recusants, to the Cities of London and ported to the Commons.

" The

raised, and put into a Posture of Defence, An Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, %‘ith some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth; viz.

HI.

r.d

i*

h

ik

ji

h

t

ke

09

in t.

to

v-

Tdi

*i

k

31 Car. II.

io° — ii 9

619

C Aiis

t 'ks:

3 Cr3

f"?

2«J

Earl tlanby’s Impeachment.

" The Lords do not agree to a Committee of both Houses; because they do not think it conformable to die Rules and Orders of Proceedings of this Court; which is, and ever must be, tender in Matters relating to their Judicature."

They hope this Conference may tend to prevent all Interruptions of a good Correspondence between the Two Houses; which, as the Commons desire at all Times on their Parts to preserve, so is especially necessary in this Conjuncture, when the most heinous Delinquents are to be brought to Justice; that the Enemies both of King and Kingdom may have no Hopes left them to see this obstructed by any Difficulties arising in the Way of Proceeding: And therefore, for Answer to the last Conference, the Commons have commanded us to say This to your Lordships;

That your Lordships do not offer any Answer or Satisfaction to the Commons in their necessary Proposals amicably offered, by Way of Supposition, that they might have been confirmed therein by Answer from your Lordships; That your Lordships do intend, in all the Proceedings upon the Impeachments now depending before your Lordships, to follow the usual Course and Methods of Parliament.

And further, That your Lordships have not given the least Answer or Satisfaction to the Commons, concerning your Lordships addressing to the King for a Lord High . Steward; though the Commons proposed their Desire of Satisfaction in that Matter in as cautious Terms as could be, on purpose to avoid all Disputes about Judicatures.

The Commons, to avoid all Interruptions and Delays in the Proceedings against the Lords impeached, and the Inconveniencies that may arise thereby, having proposed to your Lordships, That a Committee of both Houses might be nominated, to consider of the most proper Ways and Methods of proceeding upon Impeachments; your Lordships, without any Reason assigned (save only that you say you do not think it conformable to the Rules and Orders of the Proceedings of this Court), have refused to agree with the House of Commons in appointing such a Committee, though not heretofore denied, w hen asked upon the like Occasion; and at this time desired purposely to avoid Disputes and Delays.

And therefore the House of Commons have commanded tis to acquaint your Lordships, That, Things standing thus upon your Answer, They cannot proceed in the Tryals of the Lords, before the Methods of Proceedings be adjusted between the Two Houses.

Ordered, That the Members that drew up the Reasons. do attend and manage the Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Timothy Baldzvyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, to communicate to this House the Contents of a Petition their Lordships received this Day from the Earl of Danby.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the former Conference do attend, and manage this Conference.

Sir John Trevor reports, from the said Conference,

That the Members appointed had attended at the Conference: And that the Conference was managed by the Lord Privy Seal: And that he acquainted them, That the Lords had received a Petition from the Earl of Danby, who was ordered to attend their Lordships this Day: Which his Lordship read; whereby the Earl of Danby, sets forth, That he met with Information severally from his Counsel, That they durst not appear to argue the Validity of his Pardon, by reason of a Vote of the House of Commons: And that their Lordships desired to know; whether there was any such Vote as was alledged in the Petition.

Vo L. IX.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to iuspect the Journals, and search Precedents concerning Questions asked at Conferences.

And it is referred to Sir Francis Russell, Mr. Seymour,

Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir John Heicley, Sir Thomas Meres,

Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Sachaverell, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Fran-

cis Drake; or any Three of them.

Mr. Charles Bertie being called in, and examined to Secret Ser*. several Questions; and then being withdrawn; vice Money.

Resolved, &c. That this House is not satisfied with the Answers given by Mr. Bertie.

Sir Robert Hmoard informs the House, That there has been paid to Mr. Bertie for Secret Service, from Lady Day 1676 to the Twentieth of March 167-5- the Sum of Two hundred Fifty-two thousand Four hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Nine-pence.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Bertie be committed to \ penon the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, commitud. for his Contempt to this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Deering have Leave to go into the Leave of Country. Abaence.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House that are Earl Danby*} of the Long Robe, do prepare themselves with Reasons Pardon, against the Pardon pleaded by the Earl of

Ordered, That the Officers of the Ordnance do attend Shipping of on Monday Morning next, to give this House an Account Artillery, touching the Train of Artillery and Ammunition that are ordered to be shipped for Portsmouth.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Die Dominico, 11* die Mail, 1679*

Prat e rs.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Sir Edward Lee Conference and Sir Samuel Clerke; concerning

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Con- Tr*a1®* ference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of a late Conference, relating to the Forms and Methods of Proceedings about the Tryals of the Lords in the Tower.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber.

The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had agreed to meet the Lords at a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference concerning the Tryals, do attend, and manage this free Conference: And that Mr. Serjeant Maynard and Sir Robert Howard be added to the said Managers.

Sir Thomas Meres reports the Matter of the free Con-ferenee.

Resolved, &c. That a free Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference: And that Mr. Thyn do go up with the Message to the Lords.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Managers do, at the said Conference, insist upon the appointing of a Committee of both Houses, as the better Expedient for adjusting Matters than free Conferences.

Mr. Thyn reports, That the Lords had agreed to meet this House at a present free Conference in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last free Conference, do attend and manage this free Conference.

Sir Wm. Coventry reports the Matter of the free Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Edward Lee and Committe* Sir Samuel Clerke;

Air. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Trials, quaint yon. That they have appointed a Committee,

consisting

Disabling the Duke of Yorke.

Resolution for Defence of the King.

‘Trials of the

impeached

Lords.

Delay of a Writ.

6ao li° — i %a Mail. A. 1679.

consisting of Twelve Lords, to join with a Committee of the House of Commons, at Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning, in the Inner Court of Wards; to consider of Propositions and Circumstances, in reference to the Trvals of the Lords in the Tower.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, &c. That a Committee be appointed, to join with the Committee of Lords, at Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning, in the Inner Court of Wards, to consider of Propositions and Circumstances relating to the Tryal of the Lords in the Tower, of the Members following; Mr. Trenchard, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr.

verell, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Mr.

Treby, Sir John Trevor, Serjeant Strode, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Hamden, Sir^Fra/icis Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Titus, Sir Thomas Stringer, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Seymour, Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Williams, Sir Wm. Coventry, Sir Thomas Sir

Thomas Littleton, Colonel Birch.

The Messengers being called in;

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had appointed a Committee to join with the Committee of Lords, at Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning, in the Inner Court of Wards; to consider of Propositions and Circumstances, in reference to the Tryals of the Lords in the Touxr.

the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County.

Ordered, That the said John Jay be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for not returning the Writ lor Electing of Two Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County.

A Petition of Mr. Eduard Dac Mayor of CorJ'e PHvilege-Castle, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, acknowledging a person his Fault, and humbly begging Pardon of the House; and dlsctiar9e|i-praying that he may be discharged from his Confinement; was read.

And the said Mayor being called in to the Bar of the House; and there kneeling; and having received a Reproof from Mr. Speaker;

Ordered, That Mr. Edu ard Dachombe be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant of Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. Motley and Mr. have Leave of

Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Wm.Thomas have Leave to go into the Country for Fourteen Days.

Ordered, That the Bill for prohibiting the Importation Irish Cattle, of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas, and Fish taken by Foreigners, be read Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

The House then proceeded to take into Consideration the Business appointed for this Day.

Mr. Treby acquaints the House with several Particulars concerning the Duke of Yorke, contained in the Letters and Papers in the Custody of the Committee of Secrecy, relating to the Plot.

Resolved, &c. That a Bill be brought in to disable' the Duke of Yorke to inherit the Imperial Crown of this Realm.

And it is referred to Mr. Bennet, Mr. Sir

Nich.Carete, Sir Robert Pcytoti, Sir Mr.

Vaughan, Sir Francis Wilmington, Mr. Mr.

Williams, Mr. Hamden, Colonel Birch, Mr.

Mr. Szvinfen, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the same: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That, in Defence of the King’s Person, and the Protestant Religion, this House doth declare, That they will stand by his Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes: And that, if his Majesty shall Come by any violent Death (which God forbid !), that they will revenge it to the utmost upon the Papists.

Ordered, That this Vote be draw n into the Form of an Address, to be presented to his Majesty.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Thomas Meres, Colonel Birch, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hamden, Sir John Hot ham, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the same.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to join with the Committee of Lords, to consider of Propositions and Circumstances relating to the Tryals of the Lords in the Tower, to meet Tomorrow Morning at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Lunce, 12* die Mail, 1679-

Prayers,

T\ANIEL Jerman did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

The House being informed that John Jay Esquire, High Sheriff of the County of Norfolke, refuseth to make a return of the Writ for the Electing of Two Knights of

30

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clerke and house Sir Miles Cooke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to put you in mind of Three Bills: The Bill for better Discovery, and more speedy'Conviction, of Popish Recusants; The Bill for freeing the City of London, and Parts adjacent, from Popish Inhabitants; The Bill for better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, and preventing of Imprisonments beyond the Seas: And that this House would make Dispatch of the said Bills in some reasonable Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine Shipping of the Account, this Day delivered to this House, of the Artillery. Train of Artillery now shipping off for Portsmouth; and to examine what Arms have been lately delivered out of the Tower; and what Guns, Mortar Pieces, Powder, or other Ammunition, have been sold or sent overinto/rawe and Flanders, or any other Foreign Parts; and to inquire of the State of all the Garisons in and how

they are fortified and provided; and how the Money, by a late Act, designed to the Office of the Ordnance, hath been employed; as also, the Money allowed for particular Garisons and Fortifications; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Wm.Hickman, Sir Wm.Bastard,

Sir John Hobart, Sir Gilbert GerrMr. Hamden, Sir John Norton, Sir77 wmas Meres, Mr. Mr. Love,

Mr. Upton, Mr. Savage, Sir Ger Eltces, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Nathanael Herne, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Wright,

Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. TreSir Harley,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Reynall, Colonel Birch, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Whorwood, Lord Aldington, Lord Ancram, Sir Sir Thomas Player, Mr. T/iyn, Sir Mr.

Stone, Sir Robert Markham, Mr. Sir Richard

Graham, Sir Herbert Croft, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Colonel Whitley, Sir Thomas C/ergis, Mr. Trenchard, Sir John Knight, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Powle, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Cloberry, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Boscau en, Sir Patience Ward, Sir Win.Port man, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Thomas

Stringer, Sir Wm. Coventry, Lord Mr.

Freake, Mr. Browne, Mr. HarboarSir John Hcwley, Mr. Garrauay, Mr. Colt,* Duke, Sir Anth. Deane, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Thomas Sir

Edward Deering, Sir John Coventry, and all the Members that serve for the Port Towns: And are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit dc die in diem, until they have perfected their Report: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Iltartl'

pooO’

jlddrei

pltclK

ikKii

Sl^p

ter, a

CiiiL;

Lett

Iris!

k

Hearth-money Tax,

Address for Defence of the King,&c,

Sloop Hunter, and Shi Catharine.

Exporting

Leather.

Irish Cattle, &e.

3 i Car. II. 13* — 14* Mail.

621

Martis, 13* die Mail, 1679-

Prayers.

A BILL for the more easy Collecting the Duty of Hearth-money, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Palmes, Sir John Knight, Sir Hugh Bet hell, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir John Hotham, Sir Henry Calverly, Sir Robert Mark-

ham, Mr. Thyn, Sir William Bastard, Mr. Hildiard, Mr. White, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Richard Head, Sir Vyell Vyvyan, Sir James Long, Mr. Wright, Mr. Foley, Sir Gervas Elwes, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Sir John

ley, Mr. Thompson, Sir Thomas Clerges, Lord Sir

Francis Drake, Mr. Kelland, Sir Robert Carr, Sir Wm. Franklyn, Sir James Oxenden, Mr. Paston, Mr.

Trenchard: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Robert Markham reports from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, relating to the Vote of this House passed on Sunday last, That, in Defence of the King's Person, and the Protestant Religion, this House doth declare, That they will stand by his Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes; and that, if his Majesty shall come to any violent Death (which God forbid !) that they will revenge it to the utmost upon the Papists; an Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read.

A Motion being made, That the Address be re-committed;

Ordered, That the Address be re-committed to the former Committee: And that Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Beake, Sir Richard Cust, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Love, Mr. Thyn, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Mr. White, Mr.

Whoru'ood, Mr. Powle, be added to the said Committee. And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to report the same to the House Tomorrow Morning, the First Business.

Hewley, Mr. Whitehead, Sir Hugh Owen, Mr. oogan, Mr. Pilkington, Lord Scudamore, Mr. Gcruore, Mr. Freake, Sir W m.Frankland, Sir Henry Calverly, Sir Port-man, Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Seymour, Colonel Titus, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Wm. Coventry, Serjeant Rigby, Sir John Hotham, Sir Philip Egerton, Sir John Wynn, Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Thonuis Middleton, Sir Hugh Bethell, Lord Fairfex, Sir Nevile, Sir

Edward Harley, Mr. Love, Mr. Booth, Sir Robert lington, Mr. Colt, Mr. Papillon, Mr. St. John, Mr. Bock-land, Mr. Thompson, Sir Edmund Jennings, Mr. Bulkely, Mr. Jefferyes, Sir William Farmer, Sir Pay-

ler, Mr. Paston, Sir Richard Graham.

The Question being put, That all that come to this Committee shall have Voices;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

} for he Yea, ,49. Tellers-lMr.iCo^"i COrbM' } for the Noes’ 1 T‘-

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That no more Members be added to this Committee: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14° die Mail, 1679-

Prayers.

MR. Serjeant Seys reports from the Committee to LostRecoids whom the Bill for Re-ingrossment of the Fines lost or burnt by the late Fire in the Temple, was committed, several Amendments made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Samuel Lemott, and divers other Merchants; complaining, That in the Year 1674, the Ship Catharine, which was freighted by the Merchants, was taken by one Swan, Commander of the Ship Hunter, and

endeavoured to be made a Prize; and praying Relief therein; was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition, and Case thereupon, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Miscarriages relating to the Sloop Hunter, and the Ship Catharine, stands referred; to examine the Matter; and report the same to the House: And the said Committee are impowered to send for and hear the said Merchants, and all other Persons concerned.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for Exporting of Leather, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Continuance of the Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners; was read the Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

lZL Gncre, } U*Y*"' >83-

Tellers f^'r Robert Peyton, 1 Noes 1 c 1

1 eliers, GeroasElwes, J 1 the W ’ 151 ‘

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vaughan, Sir Francis Drake, Sir John Knight, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Swinfcn, Mr. Williams, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Vernon, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Thyn, Si Cloberry, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir John Vol. IX.

Sir Robert Markham reports from the Committee to Exporting whom the Bill for Exporting of Leather, was committed, Leather, several Amendments made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Markham reports from the Committee to Address for whom it was referred to draw up an Address to his Ma- Defence of jesty, pursuant to the Vote of this House of the Eleventh the K‘nS-Instant; whereby it was resolved, That, in Defence of his Majesty's Person and the Protestant Religion, this House doth declare, That they will stand by his Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes; and that, if his Majesty shall come to any violent Death (which God forbid!), they will revenge it to the utmost upon the Papists; an Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Dread Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty’s most Dutifol and Loyal Subjects the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do with all humble Gratitude acknowledge Your most gracious Assurances Your Majesty hath been pleased to give us, of Your constant Care to do every Thing that may preserve the Protestant Religion; of Your firm Resolution to defend the same to the utmost: and Your Royal Endeavours, that the Security of that Blessing may be transmitted to Posterity: And we do humbly repre-

7 S sent

’Mewage respecting the Fleet.

Leave of Absence.

King to appoint being attended.

Leave of Absence.

Norfolke, «Stc. Elections.

Lost Records of Fines.

23 H* — 15

sent to your Majesty, That, being deeply sensible, that the greatest Hopes of Success against our Religion, in the Enemies thereof, the Papists, are founded in the execrable Designs which they have laid against Your Sacred Person and Life of Your Majesty (which, it is not only our Duty but our Interest, with the greatest Hazards to preserve and defend); we have applied our Counsels to the making such Provision by Law as may defeat these Popish Adversaries, their Abettors and Adherents, of their Hopes of gaining an Advantage by any violent Attempts against Your Majesty; and may utterly frustrate their Expectation of subverting the Protestant Religion thereby in time to come: And, further to obviate, by the best Means we can, all wicked Practices against Your Majesty, while any such Laws are in Preparation and bringing to Perfection; it is our Resolution, and we do declare, That, in Defence of Your Majesty’s Person, and the Protestant Religion, we will stand by Your Majesty with our Lives and Fortunes; and shall be ready to revenge, upon the Papists, any Violence offered by them to Your Sacred Person: In which, we hope, Your Majesty will graciously please to be the more assured, as we ourselves are the more encouraged, in that the Hearts of all Your Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, with the most sincere Affection and Zeal, join with us herein.

Mr. Poxric delivers a Message from his Majesty, as followeth:

Though his Majesty hath already, at the First Meeting in Parliament, and since, by a Word or Two, mentioned the Necessity of having a Fleet at Sea this Summer; yet the Season for preparing it being far advanced, and our Neighbours before us in their Preparations, He cannot hold Himself discharged towards his People, if He do not now, with more Earnestness, again recommend the same to your present Care and Consideration; and the rather, from the daily Expectation of the Return of the Fleet from the Streights; to which a great Arrear is due: And He must acquit Himself of the ill Consequences, which the Want of a Fleet in such a Juncture may produce: And he hath not done this without considering, That the entring on this Work presently can be no Hindrance to the other great Affairs upon your Hands; but rather a Security in the Dispatch thereof.

A Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, 8cc. That the further Consideration of the stud Message be adjourned till Monday next come Sevennight

Ordered, That Sir Richard Cust have Leave to go into the Country for some few Days.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, be desired to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when this House may attend his Majesty with the Address this Day agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthington have Leave to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Jovis, 15* die Maii,

Pratirs.

f\RDERED, That the Miscarriages of the Elec- tiens for the Counties of and Leicester be

heard on Tuesday next

An ingrossed Bill for Re-ingrossing of the Records of Fines lost or burnt by the lute Fire in the Temple, was read the Third time.

'Matt. . 1679.

Resolved,&c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Re-ingrossing of the Records of Fines burnt or lost in the late Fire in the Temple: And that Mr. Serjeant Seys do carry up the same to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to Liberty of the Bill for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of Pri- Alborough vileges and Elections, That the Committee had taken into Election. Consideration the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Alborough in the County of Yorke: And that it appeared to the Committee, that Sir Reresby had about Nineteen of the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, who voted for him in the said Election; and Sir Godfrey Copley had about Twenty-four of the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot: And that thereupon the Committee had agreed upon Three Resolves to be reported to the House:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, 8cc. That all the Inhabitants of the Borough of Alborough in the County of Yorke, paying Scotland Lot, have only Right to vote in electing Members of Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, &c. That Sir John Reresby is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Alborough in the County of Yorke.

Resolved, 8cc. That Sir Godfrey Copley is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Alborough in the County of Yorke.

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That all the Inhabitants of the Borough of Alborough in the County of Yorke, paying Scotland Lot, have only Right to vote in electing Members of Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, 8. c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir John Reresby is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Alborough in the County of Yorke.

Resolved, See. 1 iiat this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Godfrey Copley is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Alborough in the County of Yorke.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning, to take off the Indenture of Sir Reresby; and affix the Indenture of Sir Gods rey Copley to the Return for the Borough of Albo in the County of Yorke.

A Bill for the Ease and Relief of the poor Inhabitants Sootbwarke of Southwarke, and the Suburb Parishes of Middlesex, in Court of the Recovery of small Debts, was read the First time. Conscience.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for Continuance jr;sv, of the Act for prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Cattle, &t. Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners; be made on Saturday Morning next.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee appointed Trials of the to join with the Committee of Lords, to consider of Pro- impeached positions and Circumstances relating to the Tryals of the Bords. Lords in the Tower, That the Committee had made Two Propositions to the Committee of Lords.

First, That they did desire to see the Commission of the Lord High Steward, and the Commissions to former Lords High Stewards.

Secondly, That they did desire to know, What Resolutions had been taken about the Lords Spiritual being present or absent at the Tryals of the Lords impeached.

To the First Proposition, the Lords of the Committee produccdCopies of the Commissions to the Lords Stewards, for the several Tryals of the Lord and the Lord

23 Cornwallis

'few >> , -u%

A Member ordered into custody.

Disabling the Duke of York*.

31 Car. II.

15° — -16° Mail.

Cornwallis: But those Tryals were out of Parliament. They produced the Cow of their Commission for the Tryal of the Earl of Pembroke, for Murder: Which Tryal was before the Peers in Parliament; and so differed from the two former Commissions.

The Lords did further produce a Copy of the Commission passed under the Great Seal, for the Tryal of Thomas Earl of Danby; and also, a Form of the Commission for the Tryal of the other Five Lords impeached; and did communicate to the Committee a Resolution of the Lords House, in hac verba:

"Die Luna, 12° Mali, 1679."

"It is Declared and Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, That the Office of a High Steward, upon Tryals of Peers upon Impeachments, is not necessary to the House of Peers: But that the Lords may proceed upon such Tryals, if a High Steward be not appointed according to their humble Desire."

Their Lordships further declared to the Committee, That a Lord High Steward was made hac vice only: That, notwithstanding the making of a Lord High Steward, the Court remained the same, and was not thereby altered, but still remained the Court of Peers in Parliament: That the Lord High Steward was but as a Speaker or Chairman, for the more orderly Proceedings at the Tryals.

The Copy of the Commission for a Lord High Steward for the Tryal of the Earl of Danby being read, the Committee of this House took Exception to these Words in the Commission; viz.Ac pro eo q Seneschalli Anglia (cnjtts Prasenlia in hac parte ), ut

mus, jam vocal;and desired, that they might be left out;

as implying, that the Constituting of a Lord High Steward was necessary: And thereupon proposed these Words to be inserted in their stead; vis. Ac pro eo quod

Magnates in Parliamento nostro nobis

supplicaverunt, ut Seneschallum Anglia hac digneremus: To which Amendment the Lords of the Committee did agree. And it was further agreed by the said Committee of the Lords and Commons, That the Commission under Seal, for the constitutinga Lord High Steward for the Tryal of the Earl of Danby, Should be recalled; and a new Commission, according to the said Amendment, to be issued, and to bear Date after the said Resolution:

And that the like Commission, mutatis mutandis, Should be issued for the Tryal of the other Lords impeached.

As to the Second Proposition, the Committee of the Lords communicated to the Committee of this House the Resolution of the House of Peers, in hac verba; viz.

" Die Martis, 13* Mail, 1679."

" Resolved, 8cc. by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Lords Spiritual have a Right to stay in Court in Capital Cases, till such time as Judgment of Death comes to be pronounced."

15* Maii, 1679.

The Lords explained themselves, That the Meaning of their Resolution passed Yesterday, concerning the Lords Spiritual, is, That the Lords Spiritual have a Right to stay and sit in Court, till the Court proceed to the Vote of Guilty or Not guilty.

The Second Proposition being a Matter of great Weight and Consideration; the Committee of the Commons had commanded him it to report to the House, in order to receive their Directions for their further Proceedings.

Resolved, 8cc. That it be given as an Instruction to the Committee appointed to join with the Committee of Lords, to consider of Propositions and Circumstances relating to the Tryal of the Lords in the Tower; That they insist upon it at the Committee, That the Lords Spiritual ought not to have any Vote in any Proceeding upon the Impeachments against the Lords in the Tower.

Ordered, That Mr. John Tregegle, having departed the Service of this House without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Bill to disable the Duke of Yorke to inherit the Imperial Crown of this Realm, was read the First time.

Vol. IX.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bili be read a Second time, on Monday Morning next

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committees, this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Maii, 1679-

Praters.

ORDERED, That Sir Me. Carew, Mr. Trefusis, Sir shipping of Wm. Bastard, Sir John Knight, Mr. Colt, Sir Artillery. Vyvyan, be added to the Committee appointed to examine the Matter touching the Train of Artillery and Ammunition shipped for Portsmouth.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, did, according Alborough to the Order of the House, amend the Return for the Bo- Return rough of Alborough in the County of Yorke; by taking off amended, the Indenture whereby Sir John Reresby is returned, and affixing the Indenture whereby Sir Godfrey Copley is returned, to the said Return.

A Petition of Charles Bambridge, a Distiller, on the Excise Law*. Behalf of Himself, and many others; complaining of several Exactions of the Farmers and Collectors of, the Duty, of Excise; was read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Laws concerning the Excise; and to examine and consider of the Abuses and Exorbitances of the Farmers and Collectors of the said Duty; and report the same, . with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Player, Sir John berry, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Reynall,

Mr. Colt, Sir Samuel Bemardiston, Serjeant Strode, Sir

Robert Markham, Serjeant Rigby, Sir James Long, Sir Thomas Clergis, Mr. Treby, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Foley, Mr,

Boscanvn, Sir Vyell Vyvyan, Sir Thomas Stringer, Mr.

Duboyes, Alderman Baclcwell, Mr. Henley, Sir Richard Head, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Wm. barts, Mr. Wright, Mr. Whoruood, Mr. Rich, Mr. Trefusis, Mr. Williams, Sir Robert Coryton, Sir Wm. Ellis,

Air. Hamden, Mr. Bennet, Sir Henry Ford, Mr. St. John,

Sir John Knight, Mr. Love, Mr. Bremen, Sir Ralph De-lava/l, Sir Robert Southwell, Sir Thomas Stringer; and all the Alembers of this House that are of the Long Robe:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Air. Tregagle be discharged from the a Member Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying the Alessenger s discharged Fees: And that he have Leave to stay in the Country fromcust<Kly' for Three Weeks.

The House then took into Consideration, the Amend- Liberty of ments made by the Lords to the Bill for the better Se- the Subject, curing the Liberty of the Subject; and for Preventing of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

The Amendment in the Fourth Press, and the Third Line being read:

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment in the Eleventh Line, in the same Press, being read;

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment in the Three-and-thirtieth Line; in the Fifth Press, being read;

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The

Bankrupts,

Post Office*

Returns of Members.

Lymington

Wiit.

Exporting Cloth to Turkey.

624 i —

The Atflpnffcaept in % bfipth Pt$sg, so the Twenty-fourth Line, being for Waving of the former Amendment made by the Lords, on Condition that the Proviso for the Peers may be admitted; which was read:

The Question being put, To agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, being read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference had with the Lords, about their Lordships Amendments to the Bill for the better securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Preventing of Imprisonments beyond the Seas, do withdraw, and prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference to be had with the Lords, Why this House doth not agree with their Lordships in several of the said Amendments.

A Bill for preventing it being in the Power of any particular Creditor, or smaller Number of Creditors of a Bankrupt, to obstruct the Compositions of the greater Number, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Papillon, Mr. Mr.

Love, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Pilkington, Mr. Mompesson, Sir Carr, Sir Francis Winnington, Sir Nathanael Heme, Sir Hewley, Mr.

Reynell, Mr. Buller, Mr. White, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Colt,

Mr. lVhoneood, Mr. Parker, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Thyn,

Sir Hugh Bethell, Mr. Swinfen, Serjeant Seys, Sir John

Knight, Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Partheridge, Sir Wm. Franckland, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Thompson, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Nosxcorthy, Colonel Legge, Mr. Bennet, Sir Roger Norwich, Sir Nic. Sir

Anth. Deane, Sir John Banks, Mr. Bremen, Alderman Backwell, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir JGuycs, Sir Henry Ford,

Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Gervas Sir John Hot ham, Sir Richard Graham, Mr. TulMr. Stockdale, Mr. Tem-

pest, Sir Robert Dillington, Mr. Gorvcr, <i\xJohn Cope, Mr. Neacland, Sir Rich. Haddock, Mr. Sir Wm.

lyn; and all the Members of this House, that are Merchants; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: Andareimpowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Bethell, Mr. Colt, Mr. Palmes, Sir Henry Thompson, Mr. ThompsSir Charles Harboard,

Mr. Sterne, Mr. Nneland, Mr. Mildmay, Mr. Patheridge,

Sir John Dawes, Sir Chr. Mus Air. Harford, Mr. Ramsden, be added to the Committee appointed to examine the Abuses and Exorbitances in the Post Office.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Seven of the Clock.

170 Mali. A. 1679.

Resolved, &d. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Papillon, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Love, Sir Robert Carr, Mr.

Reynall, Sir John Cloberry, Sir John Hewley, Sir John

Wynn, Sir Germs Ehves, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Boscawen, Colonel Birch, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Browne, Sir Franc. Winnington,

Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Gould, Mr. Pilkington, Mr. Whitehead, Mr. Upton, Mr. Lewis, Sir James Long, Sir George Downing, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Henry Ford,

Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Treby, Sir John Mallet, Mr.

Wright, Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Henley, and all the Alembers of this House that are Merchants: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in foe Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Isaac de Mons, and others, Mon»’,ftc. was read the Second time. Nat

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Papillon, Sir Trevor Williams, S'wJohn Trevor, Mr. Tempest,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Munson, Sir Thomas Stringer, Mr. Fre-wen, Mr. Kynaston, Serjeant Seys, Sir John Coryton, Sir William Hickman, Alderman Backwell, Mr. Rushworth,

Mr. White, Sir John Mallet, Sir Patience Ward, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Ralph Delavall, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Cloberry, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Edmund Jennings,

Mr. Duboyes, Sir John Knight, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Eden, Mr. Colt, Sir John Hewley, Mr. Gray, Sir Samul Bernardiston, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Nath. Herne, Sir John Hartop, Mr. Henley, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir John Hobart,

Mr. Love, Mr. Rich, and all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable Joseph Cragge Esquire to sell a certain Cragge’i Messuage in Lincolns Inn Fields, for the Payment of Lega- Estate, cies charged upon the same, was read the Second time.

Resolved, 8cc. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hewley, Sir James Long, Mr. Foley, Colonel Tempest, Mr.

Love, Sir John Knight, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Hugh Chol-meley, Sir JVm. Ellis, Sir Richard Mr.

Mr. Lambert, Mr. Wright, Mr. Woogan, Sir John Coryton, Sir W1 m.Moor, Sir Humphrey Forrester, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Trevor Williams, Alderman Blackwell, Mr.

Oast, Mr. Foot, Mr. Price, Mr. Serjeant

Mr. Harboard, Mr. Colt, Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir Ford, Mr. Beake, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Nath. Herne,

Sir IV1>n. Pulteny, Sir Stephen Fox, Mr. Evelyn, Sir

Robarts, Sir JVm. Frank/yn, Sir Anth. Irby, Sir Hugh Owen, Mr. Gresham, Sir Wm.Hickman, Sir Frank-

land, Mr. Colt, Mr. Williams, Colonel Jeffreys, Mr.

May, Sir Peter Tyrrell, Mr. Munson: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impow ered to send for Persons. Papers, and Records.

:-v

id.il

Sabbati, 17" die Mali, 1679.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Chairman of the Committee of Privileges and Elections do make a Special Report of the Miscarriages of Sheriffs, and other Officers, concerned in the Return of Members to serve in Parliament, as well in the Elections that have been already examined by the said Committee, as such as hereafter shall come before them.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to, make out a new. Writ, for the Electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Lymington, in, the County of Southampton, in the room, of Bulkeley

Esquire, deceased.

A BiH for exporting of Cloth to furkpy, waf read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine jisrarrja£re» concerning the Miscarriages in his Alajosty’s Navy, do of the Navy, likewise inquire into the Miscarriages of the African Company; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And that Mr. Pin and Mr. Glide, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Serjeant Rigby reports from the Committee to irjsh Cattle, whom the Bill for Continuance of the Act against the Im- &c. porting of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas; and Fish taken by Foreigners; was committed; several Amendments, and a Clause agreed upon by the Committee to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Two Clauses were presented to the House, to be made Part of thg Bill; the one for prohibiting the Importation of Mutton, the other for prohibiting the Importation of

Butter

31 Cah. II. 170 — 190 — 200

Butter from Ireland: Which were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Clerk’s Table, were, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, 81c.That the said Bill, with the Amend-. mente and Clauses agreed to, be ingrossed.

King ap. The Lord Cavendish acquaints the House, That his points to Majesty, having been attended to know his Pleasure,

be attended. \Yrhen this.....may wait upon him with the Address

of this House, agreed to on Wednesday last, had appointed Monday next at Three of the Clock in the

Afternoon, in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall.

Sir Thomas Clergcsreports from the Committee to Removing whom the Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act Papist*, for freeing the City of London, and Parts adjacent, from Popish Inhabitants, w as committed, several Amendments agreed upon by the Committee to be made to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be read a Third Time on Wednesday Morning next.

Committee of Ordered, That the several Reports from the Corn-Privileges. mittee of Privileges and Elections be made on Wednesday Morning next.

Trials of the Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee appointed

jJ^ched to join with the Committee of Lords, to consider of Propositions and Circumstances relating to the Tryal of the Lords in the Tower, That the Lords had communicated to the Committee certain Proceedings of the House of Lords: Which he read in his Place, hoc verba;

" 16 Maii 1679."

Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That Thursday next be appointed to begin the Tryal of the Five Lords in the Tower; the Earl of Powys, Lord Viscount Stafford, Lord Lord Arundell of Wardour, and Lord Heliosis."

After which Resolution passed;

The Lords Spiritual asked the Leave of the House, That they might withdraw themselves from the Tryals of the said Lords; with the Liberty of entering their usual Protestation.

And that the Committee of this House did desire the Direction of the House how they Should proceed therein.

A Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, 8cc. That it be given as an Instruction to the said Committee, to insist upon the former Vote of this House, That the Lords Spiritual ought not to have any Vote in any Proceedings against the Lords in the Tower: And, when that Matter shall be settled, and the Methods of Proceedings adjusted, this House shall then be ready to proceed upon the Tryal of the Pardon of the Earl of Danby, against whom this House hath already demanded Judgment; and afterwards to the Tryal of the other Five Lords in the Tower.

Ordered, That Mr. Treby do make a Report of the Disabling Abstract of such Letters and Papers in the Custody of the Duke the Committee of Secrecy, as concerns the Duke of of Yorke.

Yorke, relating to the present Plot, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock: And that the Bill for disabling the Duke of Yorke to inherit the Imperial Crown of this Realm, be then read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Bills sent

Sir Miles Cooke; . from Lordi

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to Two Bills sent up from this House; the one intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Lands late of Charles Dale, of the County of Rutland, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of his Debts, and Provision for his Daughters and Coheirs:

The other intituled, An Act for Re-ingrossing of the Records of Fines burnt or lost in the late Fire in the Temple; without any Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Norborne have Leave to go into Leave of the Country. Absence.

And then the House adjourned till half an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post meridiem ejusdem Diei.

THE House being met, in Order to attend his Ma- The King jesty with the Address agreed to, on Wednesday last; attended.

Adjourned till Seven of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Luna;, 19° die Maii, 1679-

Prayers.

Exporting A N ingrossed Bill for continuing the Act for Export-Leather. u~\. ing of Leather, was read the Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving and continuing of a former Act, intituled, An Act for giving Leave to buy and export Leather and Skins tanned or dressed: And that Sir Robert Markham do carry up the same to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Miscarriages The House being informed from the Committee to of the Navy, whom it was, amongst other Things, referred to examine into the Miscarriages of the Navy, That the Committee had taken some of the Matters to them referred, into their Consideration; and were ready for a Report thereof.

And it being moved, That the House would appoint some Short Time for receiving of the said Report, in regard several of the Witnesses w ill suddenly go beyond the Seas;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to examine into the Miscarriages of his Majesty’s Navy, be received Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock: And that the Officers of his Majesty’s Navy, and the Witnesses concerned therein, do then attend.

Vol. IX.

Martis, 20° die Maii, 1679-Prayers.

RDERED, That a Bill be brought in to continue Carriages for the Act for providing necessary Carriages for his the King. Majesty in his Royal Progress and Removals.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Mason, Mr. ton, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Thomas Bide, Mr.

Sir John Trevor, Sir Wm. Poultney, or any Two of them, to draw up and prepare the same.

A Bill for annexing Tangier to the Imperial Crown of Tangier. England, was read die First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smith have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight. Absence.

Ordered, That Dr. Jacob have Leave to go into the Country until Monday next

A Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Woollen Manufacture, by the general Wearing thereof, was read Manufacture, the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Miscarriages in the Elections for the Norfolke,&c. Counties of Norfolke and Leicester be taken into Con- Election*, sideradon on Saturday next

7 T Ordered,

626 20° — 2i0 1679.

Condemned Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, Papists. concerning the condemned Popish Priests sent for up to London from the several County Gaols by Order of their Lordships: And that Sir Wm. Franklyn, Mr. Colt, Mr.

Boscawen, and Sir Tho. Clarges, do withdraw, and prepare the said Message.

Miscarriages Mr. Harboard reports from the Committee to whom of the Navy, amongst other Things it was referred to examine into the Miscarriages of his Majesty’s Navy, That the Committee had taken some of the Matters to them referred into their Consideration; and had agreed upon a Report to be made thereof to the House: Which he read in his Place.

And several Persons being called in to the Bar of the House; and having owned the Information which they had given in Writing to the said Committee: Which said Informations were likewise read:

And the said Report and Informations, being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, were there again read.

Ordered, That Mr. Pepys and Sir Anthony Deane be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Report this Day made, be further examined, at the Bar of the House, on Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine

into the Miscarriages of the Navy do drawr up the Heads of the Matters this Day reported, which relate to Mr. Pepys and Sir Anthony Deane.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do attend Tomorrow Morning, at the Admiralty, with Mr. Pepys.

Committee of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pnviliges. Privileges and Elections be made on Friday next.

Disabling Ordered, That the Bill for disabling the Duke of otWorke *° *n^ier*t Imperial Crown of this Realm, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock: And that Mr. Treby do then make a Report of the Abstract of such Letters and Papers, in the Custody of the Committee of Secrecy, as concerns the Duke of; relating to the present Plot, at the same time; no other Business intervening.

Answer to Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty

Address. having been Yesterday attended with the Address of this

House agreed to on Wednesday last, That his Majesty was pleased to return this gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I thank you for your Zeal for the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and of My Person; and I assure you I shall do.what in me lies to secure the Protestant Religion; and am willing to do all such Things as may tend to the Good and Benefit of my Subjects.

Leave of Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir Robert Reeves to Absence. go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Mcrcurii, 21* die Maii, 1679-

Prayers.

Tin in A BIL L for appointing certain Times for Coinage of

Cornwall. f\_ Tin in Cornwall, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Woollen A Bill for the better Encouragement of Woollen Ma-

Manufacture. nufacture, by the general Wearing thereof for certain Months in the Year, was read the Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gold, Mr. White, Sir Robert , Sir Trevor Wil-

hams, Mr. Slater, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Mr.

Mr. Trefusis, Sir Thomas Stringer, Mr. Penrudduck, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Onslow senior, Sir John Talbot, Serjeant Seys,

32

Sir Richard Head, Mr. Wright, Mr. Papillon, Sir Phil.

Egerton, Mr. Fines, Mr. Henley, Sir James Oxenden, Mr. Thistletwayte, Sir Thomas Bode, Major Broxham, Sir Richard Corbett, Sir George Downing, Mr. Reynell, Mr.

Burdett, Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir Thomas Clerges, Mr.

Pine, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir Wm. Escourt, Sir John . Hewley, Mr. Whitehead, Mr. Onslow junior, Mr. Bock-land, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Colt, Mr. Ayliffe,

Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Evelyn, Sir A nth. Deane, Mr. St.

John, Sir John Darrellf Lord Fairfax, Mr. Bremen:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Doctor John in Custody of Privilege — the Serjeant at Arms; whereby he acknowledges his Petition from Offence in not attending this House upon Summons to aPenm him given; humbly begs Pardon of the House; and y prays to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Doctor John be

discharged from his Commitment to the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the said Doctor Hildyard do attend this House, when the Miscarriages in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Norfolk shall be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Appreecehave Leave to go into Leave of the Country. Absence.

A Bill for Continuance of an Act, intituled, An Act Cloth Mann, for the better Regulating the Manufacture of the Broad ^acture *n Woollen Cloth, within the West Riding in the County of ^ork£':!re-Yorke, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Removing

Act for freeing the Cities of London .....and Parts Papists.

adjacent, from Popish Inhabitants, with the Amendments, was read the Third time.

A Clause being tendered, and thrice read, touching Penalties to be inflicted on the Justices of the Peace, and other Officers neglecting their Duty, was, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed.

Another Clause for pleading the General Issue, Not guilty to any Action brought upon this Act, was likewise tendered; and thrice read; and, up the Question, agreed.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses agreed to, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for freeing the City of London, and Parts adjacent, from Popish Inhabitants; and providing against other Dangers which may arise from Papists: And that Sir Thomas Clergisdo carry back the Bill, with the Amendments, to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Mr. Treby reports from the Committee of Secrecy Proceeding*

appointed to prepare Evidence against the Five Lords concerning in the Tower, and to prepare and draw up an Abstract of Vm-keT such Matters as concern the Duke of Yorke, relating to the Plot, as are contained in the Letters and Papers which they have in their Custody, several Matters contained in the said Letters and Papers: Which he read to the House.

A Bill for disabling the Duke of Yorke to inherit the Disabling Imperial Crown of this Realm, was read the Second time. l^e Duke

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; 0 or *’

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

T*r 4i^i^'W,’}for«heW.s,o7.

j- for the Noes, . 2S.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved.

31 Car. II.

21* — 22* Mail.

627

t.

A*,

Ot

to-.

C:.'

la*

Resolved', See. That this House will, on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the Bill for disabling the Duke of Yorke to inherit the Imperial Crown of this Realm.

Miscarriages Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine

of the Navy, into the Miscarriages of his Majesty's Navy be impowered to examine the Matter of Fact, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees which were discontinued,

be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Jervis, 22° die Mali, 1679-Prayers.

Tin in Corn- A BIL L for appointing certain Times for Coinage of wall XX Tin in Cornwall, was read the Second time.

Resolved, Sec. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Sir Drake,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Reynel Sir John Cory ton. Sir John Trevor, Sir Nathanael Herne, Mr. Mr. Trehy,

Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Poultney, Mr. Ayliffe, Mr.

Nosworthy, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Henley, Sir

John Carew, Sir John Knight, Mr. Duboyes, Mr. Love, Mr. Rolle, Sir Gervas Etwes, Mr. Wright, Mr. Guy, Sir George Dawning, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir John Clo-berry, Sir Charles Harboard, Sir Henry Ford, Sir Robert Carr, and all the Members of this House that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and and all the Merchants that are Members of this House: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Privilege. A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege committed upon Sir Wm. Blacket, a Member of this House, by certain Persons, who entered upon his Possession by Order of Humphry Wharton Esquire, another Member of this House;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the Complaint; and to state the Matter of Fact; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Carr, Sir Mr. Love, Mr. Duboyes, Sir Ilewlcy, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir John Knight, Mr. Sir John

Otway, Mr. Papillon, Colonel Sir John Trevor,

Mr. 11 ’illiums, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Swin-fen, 'Mr. WilliatnFrancklyn, Mr. SkThomas Strin-

ger, Mr. Lisle, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Robert Peyton, Sir Tre-vorWil/iams, Sir Joseph Williamson, Mr. Colt, Sir Edmund Jennings, Mr. Pilkington.Sir Francis Drake, Sir Elu es, Sir John Cloberry, and all the Members that serve

for the Five Northern Counties; viz. The Counties of Yorke, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Privilege of A Petition of John Parkhurst Esquire, a Member of a Member in this House, against the said Humphry Wharton Esquire, complaining that the said Humphry Wharton refuseth to pay the Ninth Lot of Lead Ore; which he is obliged to do by virtue of a late Act of Parliament, and a Grant from the Bishop of Durham to the Petitioner; and that the same cannot be recovered by Law, by reason the said Humphry Wharton insists upon his Privilege; and praying Relief therein; was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the former Committee; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Vol. IX.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Ernie have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Fourteen Days. Absence,

Ordered, That Mr. Harford, Lord Scudamore, Mr.

Deane, and Mr. Goodwyn, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Germyn have Leave to go into the Country till Tuesday next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir George Downing Burying.in' to bring in a Bill for the more easy Administring the Oaths Woollen, required to be taken by the Act for burying in Woollen.

Ordered, That SirThomas Clerges do go up to the Lords Conference

to desire a present free Conference with their Lordships, desired concerning the Amendments made by their Lordships to Lords* the Bill for the better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

Sir JVm. Francklyn reports from the Committee ap- Condemned pointed to draw up and prepare a Message to be sent to PaPlsU* the Lords, concerning the Popish Priests condemned in the Circuit, That the Committee had agreed upon a Message to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed; and is as followeth; viz.

THE House of Commons having made an humble Address to his Majesty, That he would please to give Order to the Judges to issue out their Warrants for the Executing the several Popish Priests condemned in the several Circuits; and his Majesty having been graciously pleased to signify to the House of Commons, That your Lordships have sent for them, in order, as he conceived, to some Examinations; and the House of Commons being also informed, That the said Priests have, by Order from your Lordships, not only been brought out of the several Countries where they were condemned, but continued yet in Newgate, and other Prisons, in or about the Cities of London and Westminster; by reason whereof the Execution of the Sentence pronounced upon them, is still delayed; do desire of your Lordships, That the said Priests may be forthwith remanded to the several Counties where they were condemned, that so they may be executed according to the Judgments passed upon them.

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Francklyn do carry up the Lords resaid Message to the Lords: And do also remind their minded of an Lordships of an Address concerning the Militia; to Address, which their Lordships have agreed; and which is not yet presented to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir John Darrell have Leave to attend Leave to at-at the Council Board, to give his Testimony in a Cause tend Council between Sir Richard Beach and Mr. Phineas Pelt.

Board*

1 Suit.

A Petition of John JVilson Esquire, setting forth, That, Privilege — whereas he is now in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, Petitions by Order of this House, grounded upon an Information, iJi0"i|sJ>( n8 That the Petitioner Should say, " This Parliament is no Parliament;" whereof he is in no sort guilty; as he hopes will appear by a Certificate annexed, under the Hands of Eight Justices of the Peace, of the North Riding of the County of Yorke, who were present when the said Words were supposed to have been spoken; and therefore prays to be restored to his Liberty; was read.

A Petition of Roger Beckwith Esquire, setting forth.

That he is now in Custody, by Order of this House, grounded upon the like Information, of which he is not guilty; and hopes his Innocency will appear by the said Certificate; and therefore prays to be restored to Liberty; was read.

A Certificate under the Hands of Eight Justices of the Peace of the North Riding of the County of Yorke, certifying that they were all present at the Sessions at 7 the First of May 1679; when John Wilson Esquire, being demanded to give his Opinion, Whether the Act for Settlement

t

6a8 a Matt. A 1679.

tlement of the Poor, 14 II. which was to continue to the First Sessions of the next Parliament, was still in Force; to which lie answered, It was doubtful, in regard the Parliament had not yet made an Act; and is not a Parliament in Law, because no Record remains of it; and that neither Mr. John Wilson, nor Mr. Roger Beckwith, did then speak any Words derogatory to the Parliament; was likewise read.

Ordered, That John Wilson and Roger Beckwith Esquires be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns, paying their Fees.

Irish Cattle, Ordered, That the Bill for prohibiting the Importation

&c‘ of Cattle from Ireland, and other Parts beyond the Seas,

and Fish taken by Foreigners, be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Complaint Mr. Harboard reports from the Committee appointed

A^Demie&c 40 exam’ne *nto the Miscarriages of his Majesty’s Navy, d ’ an Abstract of the Complaint against Sir Anthon

Mr. Samuel Pepys, and Partners: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the same was again read; and is as followeth; viz.

That Sir Anthony Deane, Hugh and John

Moore, being all Three Officers of his Majesty’s Yard at Portsmouth, did, in the Year 1673, cause the Hunter Sloop to be equipped out of his Majesty’s Stores there; and, by the Favour of Mr. Pepys, Secretary to the Admiralty, procured a Commission of Reprisal for one Captain Moon, to whom they gave the Command of the said Vessel: And accordingly the said Moodid perfect his Indenture with his Majesty's Storekeeper of the said Yard; and signed a Bond of a Thousand Pounds, acknowledging the Persons above-named to be Owners of the said Vessel; and to be accountable to them for such Prizes as he Should take.

That the said Captain sailed with the said Vessel

to Dover-, and there received a Letter from Sir Anthony Deane, directing him to sail with the said Vessel to kirke or Ca/ice, and get her made free of one of those Places; and there likewise to get a Commission from the French King against the Dutch; and that what Money he Should expend in the Doing thereof, Sir Anthony Deane w ould repay him.

That Captain Moone being sensible of the Injustice of the said Design, refused to take the Command of the said Vessel any longer; and laid her up at That

the said Captain Moone, being shortly after at Dunkirkc, did see the Hunter Sloop aforesaid, then commanded by Captain Thomas Swayne, bring up there the Catharine of

London as Prize, having taken and seized on her at Sea, notwithstanding she was a free Ship of England, and belonged to his Majesty’s Subjects; of which the said Captain Moone gove a present Account to the Merchants of London, Ow ners and Freighters of the said Catharine, by the Packet Boat at Ca/ice.

That during his being at there came over one

licit haze r St.Michcll in One of his Majesty's Yachts,

One of the Owners of the said Ship Hunter, and his Majesty’s Prizemaster at Deale, in order to his taking his Journey to Paris; with Instructions and Letters: One of which was from the French Ambassador, to get the said Ship Catharine condemned as Prize, notwithstanding that he knew’, That it had been proved before his Majesty and Council, That the said Ship belonged to his Majesty’s Subjects; and that his Majesty had writ to his Ambassador in France to use his Interest and Credit in that Court, to get the said Ship the Catharine discharged, and restored to his Subjects, to whom she belonged.

That the said St. Miche prevailed accordingly at the French Court, and got the said Ship and Goods reseized; which, by the Interposition of his Majesty’s Ambassador, had been adjudged by the French Admiralty to belong to his Majesty’s Subjects; and an Order granted for the Discharging of her accordingly.

That the said Captain Moone, after he had quitted the Command of the s&idHunter Sloop, hedsdThomas Swayne,

then Commander of her, say, Tb&t he received his Provisions for the Victualling of the Sftid Sloop from his Majesty’s Victualler at Dower.

That the said Captain Moone, being Master of a small Vessel, and coming in her laden for Spaine, and being bound for Rotterdam, put in at the Cowes, where Sir Anthony Deane wad John Moore, aforesaid, caused him to be pressed, to be Pilot of the Norwich Frigate: Where he continued accordingly on board for the Space of Eight Days, till by Two Boats he was carried on Shore by Violence; and there, by the Soldiers of that Garison, carried to Prison; where the said Sir Anthony Deane laid an Action of Two thousand Pounds upon him: And, within half an Hour after his coming into the said Prison, the Gaoler clapt an Iron Shackle, rivetted in with a Clinch Hammer, on his Right Leg, which said Irons, being very straight, caused his Leg to swell so much, that he grew same all of his Right Side, and was forced to go on Crutches for the Space of Five Months: And, after having continued Six Months in the said Gaol, he was removed thence by a Habeas Corpus into the King's Bench; where he remained for the Space of Three Years, till discharged by the Act of Parliament. And it appears plainly, not only by the Petition presented to this House, of Mr. Samuel Lamott,

Francis Terrence, Joas Bateman, and divers other Merchants of London, and by the State of their Case, both which they have acknowledged to be true at the Bar of the House; but also by their Petitions to his Majesty in Council, setting forth That Matter; and the several Orders and Directions his Majesty, out of his great Goodness, and Justice to his Subjects, was pleased to grant thereupon from time to time; not only condemning the piratical Proceedings and Actings of the said St. Michell, Captain Swayne, and Accomplices, for which the said St. Michell was accordingly committed to the; but by his Di-

rections to his Ambassador in France, to get the said Ship and Goods released and restored to the said Merchants; which was accordingly done: Which said piratical Proceedings was to the Damage to the Owners and Merchants, to the Value of Five thousand Pounds; and might have been the Occasion of a War betwixt his Majesty and the States General; it being directly contrary to the Articles of Peace made betwixt them.

That the said Mr. Pepys and Sir Deane did, in

Conspiracy together, cause divers Maps and Sea Journals to be made; One of them mentioning Captain Mundons Voyage to St.Elena, some Draughts of his Majesty’s best-built Ships, and some Models of Ships; and Fourteen Sheets of Paper closely written, containing an Account, In w hat Manner the Navy and Admiralty were governed in England-, as also the Number of the King’s Ships, their several Ages, and their Condition; as also divers other treasonable Matters; making, first a full Discovery of the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, How and by what Means many of the English Seamen may be drawn into the French Service; the Weakness of those Places where his Majesty’s said Ship, usually lie; the great Want of Stores; and a Description of our principal Rivers; and of our several Forts, Garisons, and of the Isle of Wight: All which said Maps, Journals, Models, and Descriptions aforesaid, the said Sir Anthony Deane is accused to have carried over into France with him in the Year 1G75; and to have delivered to the Marquis of Sig-tielays the Secretary of the Admiralty in France, in order to the carrying on their detestable Design and Plot contrived by the Papists for the Destruction of his Majesty’s Royal Person, Overthrowing of the Laws of this Realm, and Extirpation of the Protestant Religion in all Probability; it appearing by some Examinations taken by the Committee to whom this Matter was referred, That the said Mr. Pepys is either a Papist himself, or a great Favourer of that Party; as appeareth at large, by the several Informations, to which the Committee refer themselves.

Sir Thomas Clerges acquaints the House, That the Lords Lords agree had agreed to a present free Conference in the Painted to Confer-Chamber, concerning the Amendments to the Bill for ence‘

securing

tft"1

t;-.;

!:JjO

hr

?3L» *J

V--"

k'

Impeachment of Earl Daaby, kc.

Message respecting Trials of Earl Powys, 6tc.

King appoints to be attended.

Complaint against Sir A. Deane, &c.

Committed

to the Towtr.

Message to be considered.

Impeachment of Earl lWys; Ac.

3iCar.IT. 2 2° — 23° Mail. 6 29

securing the Liberty of the Subject; and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference had with the Lords touching the said Amendments, do attend, and manage this Conference.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Lords Journals, and take an Account thereout, of all Proceedings relating, as well to the Impeachment against the Earl of Danby, as the Impeachments against the other

Lords in the Tuner.

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr.

coneen. Sir John Hcu/y, Sir Robert Peyton, Mr. Hamden,

Sir Richard Cast, Sir IVm.Coventry, Mr. Beach, Sir Richard Head, Sir John Malleor any Three of them; and to give an Account thereof to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of this House, and take an Account thereout, of all Proceedings relating as well to the Impeachment against the Earl of Dauas the Impeachment against the other Lords in the

And it is referred to Mr. PaSir Alas grave,

Mr. Trenchard, Sir Eduard Mr. Sir

Robert Peyton, Sir John MalleSir Littleton, Mr.

Sachaveretl, Sir Francis Russell, Serjeant Scys, Serjeant Rigby, Sir John Knight, Sir Francis Drake, Major men, or any Three of them; and to give an Account thereof to the House Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Timothy BaUlwyn;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you with an Order of their House;

" Die Alartis, 20* 1679."

" It is this Day ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That Tuesday next, being the Twenty-seventh Day of this Instant May, be appointed for the Tryal of the Five Lords now Prisoners in the Tuner;viz. William Earl of Pouys, William Viscount Stafford, William I^ord Pet rHenry Lord Arumlell

of Wardour, and John Lord

And also to acquaint this House, That his Majesty had appointed Three of the Clock, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, for both Houses to attend him, in the Banqueting House, with the Address concerning the Militia.

Veneris,23° die Alaii, 1679-

Prayers.

A COMPLAINT being made of a Breach of Privi- Privilege.

lege, committed against the honourable Edward Lord Morpeth, a Member of this House, by William Tallantire, by stopping up a Way belonging to the said Lord Alorpeth; and speaking contemptuous Words against

the Lord Alorpeth; and in Proceeding at Law to try the Right of the said WTay, during the Sitting and Privilege of Parliament;

Ordered, That the said William Tallantire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House* for his Breach of Privilege committed against the Lord Morpeth: And that all Proceedings at Law, touching the Right of the said W’ay, be stayed: And that Notice hereof be given to the said Tallantire's Attorney at Law.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Exporting exporting Cloth to Turkey, stands committed, be revived; cloth to and do sit this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: ur eJ

And that all the Members that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Wilts, Somersett, and Yorke, be added to the said Committee: And all that come are to have Voices.

A Bill for the more easy administring the Oaths re- Burying quired to be taken by the Act for Burying in W oollen, m "'oollen* was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir W m.Fraiickland reports from the Committee to Hearth-whom the Bill for the more easy collecting the Duty of nioneJr‘ Hearth-money, was committed, several Amendments agreed by the Committee to be made to the said Bill:

W hich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed,

Resolved, &e. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Major Austin have Leave to go into Leav#of the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That the Reports that are now ready to be Committee made from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, of Privileges, be made Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

The House then took into Consideration the Report this Day made of the Complaint against Sir Anthony Deane, and Mr. Pepys.

Captain Moonc being called in to the Bar of the House, did own a Letter which he received from Sir Anthony Deane; which was read to the House: And also an Inventory of the Tackle, Goods, and Apparel, delivered on board the Hunter Sloop; which was likewise read to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Anthony Deane and Mr. Samuel Pepys be sent to the Prison of the Tower: And that Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General be directed forthwith to prosecute Sir Anthony Deane, Mr. Samuel Pepys, Mons. St. Michell, John Moore, Captain Thomas and Francis Watson, for the Crimes objected against them: And that Mr. Harbord do acquaint Mr. Attorney General with the Evidence relating the reunto.

Ordered, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, take into Consideration the Message this Day sent from the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committees appointed to inspect the Journals of the Lords, and the Journals of this House, touching the Proceedings upon the Impeachments against the Lords in the Tower, do also take an Account thereout of the Proceedings of the Bill against the Earl of Danby.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Vo L. IX.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed Impcarh-to inspect the Journals of the Lords, a Report agreed upon by the Committee to be made to the House, of all the Pro- dn c’ ceedings, relating as well to the Impeachment and Bill against the Earl of Danby, as to the Impeachments against the other Lords in the Tower: Which he read to the House.

The House being informed, That Sir Stephen Fox had Money paid paid several Sums of Money to some of the Members of to Member*, the last Parliament; and that he has Books of Accompt to evidence the same;

Ordered, That Sir Stephen Fox be immediately sent for to attend the House; and do bring with him all the Books and Papers of Accompts, of any Money that he has paid to any Members of the last Parliament, and others, for keeping of Publick Tables: And that Sir John Ilotham, Sir Robert Peyton, and Sir John Holman do acquaint him with this Order.

Mr. Papillon reports from the Committee appointed to impeach-inspect the Journals of this House, a Report agreed upon ment of Earl by the Committee to be made to the House, of all the Pro- Hauby. ceedings, relating as well to the Impeachment and Bill against the Earl oiDanby, as to the Impeachments against the other Lords in the Tower: Which lie read to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Stephen Fox do forthwith produce to Books this House his Ledger Book, Cash Book, and Journal, and respecting his Receipts for Money by him paid for Secret Service: ®*cret Ser' And that Sir John Hotham, Sir Robert Peyton, and Sir vice"

John Hollman, do accompany the said Sir Stephen Fox:

And that he is injoined not to go out of the Company of the said Members, before they return to the House.

7 U Ordered,

6$o 23° — 24® 1679.

Members not Ordered, That no Member do depart the Service of to depart. this House, until Sir Stephen Fox and the other Members do return.

Money paid Ordered, That Sir Francis do, Tomorrow

to Members. Morning, make a Report of the Informations given to the Committee of Secrecy, touching Money paid for Secret Service to any of the Members of the last Parliament.

Trials of the Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee appointed

impeached to join with the Committee of Lords, to consider of Pro-

Lords, &c. positions and Circumstances relating to the Tryals of the Lords in the Tatter, That the Lords had communicated to the Committee of this House, a Paper, containing several Circumstances relating to the Tryals upon the Impeachments: Which he read in his Place, verba; viz.

" That the Earl of P Viscount Lord Petre, Lord Arundell of Wardour, and Lord and every of them, who are to be brought to their Tryal in Westminster Hall, shall have Warrants for such W itnesses as will not come, without Affidavit being first made thereof, excepting such as are Members of the House of Commons, and such Persons as stand charged with the same Treason the said Lords are charged with: And that such Witnesses as any of the said Lords, at their respective Tryals, shall produce for their Defence, shall not be examined upon Oath in their Case; but may be examined upon Oath, if the Members of the House of Commons do desire it, on their Behalf: And if the said Lords, or any of them, do re-examine the said Witnesses, it is to be upon the same Oath."

" That the Lieutenant of the is to return the

Warrant of this Llouse."

" That the Lords being brought to the Bar by the Lieutenant of the Tozrcr, are to kneel, till the Lord High Steward command them to arise: And then he is to let them know, That they are this Day to answ er to the Accusation of High Treason, wherewith they stand charged, in the Name of the Commons now assembled in Parliament, and in the Name of all the Commons of England: And that, this Day, they are to receive their Tryals for their Lives.’’

" That the whole Impeachment against them is to be read; and then their Answers: Which being done, the Lord High Steward is to tell the Commons, That now they may go on with their Evidence."

" Then the Lord High Steward is to declare, That now the Court is proceeding to hear the Evidence; and desire the Peers to give their Attention."

" If the said Lords shall demand Counsel, the Lord High Steward is to let them know, That, during the Time that the Members of the Commons do manage their Evidence in Matter of Fact, they the said Lords are to use no Counsel."

" If any of the Peers, the Members of the House of Commons that manage the Evidence, or the Prisoners, do desire to have any Question asked, they must desire the Lord High Steward to ask the Question."

" If any Doubt doth arise at the Tryal, no Debate is to be in the Court; but the Question suspended to be deflated in the House."

"The Peers are to sit upon the Tryal but once a Day, and not to sit past Two of the Clock."

" The Members of the Commons to be set first before the Peers come."

" None to be covered at the Tryal, but the Peers."

That a private Place be made, to put Oli’enders safely in."

" That the Place between the Prisoners and the Wool Sack be clear."

" That such Peers at the Tryal of the said Lords, w ho, at the Instance of the Commons, shall be admitted Witnesses, are to be sworn at the CleiL’s Table; and the Lord High Steward to administer the Oath, and to deliver their Evidence in their own Places."

" Those Witnesses that are Commoners are to be sworn at the Bar, by the Clerk; and are to deliver their Evidence there."

" The Oath which is to be given to the Witnesses, is this:"

" The Evidence which you shall give in the Tryal concerning the Five Lords, Prisoners, at the Bar, shall be the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth:

So help you God, and the Contents of this Book."

" The said Five Lords may cross-examine Witnesscss, viva voce, at the Bar."

" That Notice be given to the Lord Mayer. Alder- -men, and Sheriffs of the City of London; and likew ise to the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of Middlesex, and the Justices of the Peace of the City of to

take Cake for the Safe-guarding of the Gates, and other Places; thereby to prevent the Concourse of People resorting to Westminster, during the Time of the Tryal of the said Lords."

" Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That this Paper be communicated to the Committee of the House of Commons, by the Lords Committee of this House."

Sir John Trevor further reports, That the Committee of Lords declared, when they delivered the said Paper,

That the Paper w as delivered as Proposals to be debated, and not as an Order or Rule to bind the Commons: And that the Committee of this House did declare, That they received the Paper only as Proposals.

Ordered, That Sir Stephen Fox do, upon his Memory, Money paid name to the House such Members of the last Parliament, toMembei*. as he paid any Money to, for Secret Service.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Sabbati,24° dieMaii, 1679.

Prayers.

A P E TITIO N of several Freeholders of the County Norfolk* JTX. of Korfolkc ’,was read. Election.

And a Mistake being the rein, in Directing of the said

w-v ° 1 o

Petition;

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

Sir John Mallet reports from the Committee to whom Mens', ic.

the Bill for Naturalizing of Isaac de Mand others, Nat. was committed, several Amendments agreed upon by the Committee to be made to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at flie Clerk’s Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, agreed.

Resolved, See. That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to, be ingrossed.

Resolved, See. That the Committee appointed to join Trials of Hie with the Committee of Lords, do insist upon the former impeached Instructions; and do give no Answer to the Propositions L°rds»&f-Ycstqrday made by the Lords, until they have made an Answer for adjusting the Propositions already made to their Lordships by the Committee of this House.

Resolved, <Scc. That an Answer be returned to the last Message of the House of Peers, touching the Appointment of the Tryal of the Five Lords in the to be

on Tuesday next; with Reasons,. Why this House cannot

proceed to the Tryal of those Five Lords, before Judgment be given of the Earl of Da Plea of his Pardon; and the Point of the Bishops not voting in any Proceedings upon Impeachments for Capital Oll'ences be settled; and the Methods of Proceedings adjusted: And that a Committee be appointed to prepare and draw up the same.

And it is referred to Mr. Sachavcre Mr. Paul Foley,

Mr. Treby, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Eliah Air.

Duboys, Mr. Papil/on, Mr. Carr away. Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Trenehard, Sir Robert Peyton, "Mr. Hamden, Sir Richard Cast, Sir John , Sir Francis

Winnington, Sir John Hendry, Mr. Air.

Vaughan, Mr. Po:vie, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Coventry, Mr. Swinfcn, Mr. Williams, Mr. Reynolds, Sir A ic. Pelham, or any Three of them.

Lords

Journals to be searched.

Norfulke

LlecUon.

Triads of the

impeached

Lords.

Earl Danby’s Impeachment.

Persons to ailend.

leave of Absence.

Farmers of Excise.

Witnesses to be summoned.

Money paid to Members.

iMve of Absence.

Fail Dauby's hnjieach-

iniut.

31 Car. II.

24" — 26° Mail.

631

Ordered, That Sir John Mallet, Sir Christopher Musgrave, and Mr. Woogan, do inspect the Journals of the Lords; and see what Votes and Orders were Yesterday made, concerning the Committee of both Houses.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Hare, John Fincham Esquire, and others, on the Behalf of Themselves, and the major Part of the Freeholders of the County of Norfolke; complaining of several undue and illegal Practices, in the Electing and Returning of Sir John Hobart Baronet to serve. in this present Parliament, as One of the Knights of the Shire for the said County; and setting forth, That, by reason of the Printing and Publishing of the Resolves and Orders of this House, the Freeholders of the said County were affrighted and terrified; was read.

A Motion being made, That the said Petition may be rejected;

The same was, upon the Question, rejected.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee appointed to join with the Committee of Lords, to consider of Propositions and Circumstances relating to the Tryal of the Lords in the Toner, That the Lords had communicated to the Committee of this House a Vote of the House of Lords, in hac verba;

Sir Francis Winnington reports from the Committee appointed to draw up further Articles, and prepare Evidence, against the Earl of Dauby, several Informations, given to the said Committee, of Monies paid for Secret , Service to the Members of the last Parliament: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight, living between the End of Chancery Lane and St. Dunstan s Church, be immediately sent for to attend this House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Wiseman be immediately sent for to attend this House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Bide have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Colonel Whitley, being One of the Commissioners for disbanding the Army, have Leave to go and attend that Service.

Ordered That the Audi for of the Excise, or his Deputy, do bring in a List of all the Farmers of the Excise, to the Year 1672: And that the Members that serve for the City of London, do acquaint them with this Order.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant, for the Summoning of such Witnesses as shall be named to him by any Members of this House, touching Monies paid for Secret Service.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Johnson and Mr. Richard Kent be immediately sent for to attend this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Debate upon the Report this Day made by Sir Francis ll innington, of Monies paid for Secret Service to the Members of the last Parliament, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Lunce, 26° Maii, 1679.

Prayers.

DERED, That Sir John Robinson, and Mr. Francis Pau lett, have Leave to go into the Country.

Resolved, &c. That it be an Instruction given by this House, to the CommiUce appointed to join with thefcoin-uiittee of Lords, to propose to the Committee of Lords, Vol. IX.

Whether they be yet impowered to give any Answer to the Propositions already made by the Committee of this House, touching the Lords Spiritual, and the Tryal of the Pardon of the Earl of Dauby; and to acquaint the Lords,

That the Committee cannot give any Answer to the Propositions made by their Lordships, preparatory to the Tryal, until those Matters be adjusted.

Mr. Sachaverell reports from the Committee appointed Proceedings to draw up Reasons wrhy this House cannot proceed to the on the Im" Tryal of the Lords before Judgment given upon the Earl PeacllInfent* of Dan by s Plea of his Pardon; and the Point, of the Bishops not voting in any of the Proceedings upon Impeachments for Capital Offences, and the Methods of Proceedings, adjusted; That the Committee had agreed upon an Answer to be returned to the last Message of the House of Peers, touching their Appointment of the Tryal of the Five Lords in the Tower to be on Tuesday next; together with Reasons for their insisting upon their former Vote:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read; and, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed; and are as followeth; viz.

The Commons have always desired, That a good Correspondency may be preserved between the Two Houses.

There is now depending, between your Lordships and the Commons, a Matter of the greatest Weight; in the Transaction of which, your Lordships seem to apprehend some Difficulty, in the Matter proposed by the Commons.

To clear this, the Commons have desired this Conference; and by it they hope to manifest to your Lordships, that the Propositions of the House of Commons, made by their Committee, in Relation to the Tryal of the Lords in the Toner, have been only such as have been well warranted by the Law s of Parliament, and Constitution of the Government; and in no Sort intrench upon the Judicature of the Peers; but are most necessary to be insisted upon, that the ancient Rights of Judicature in Parliament may be maintained.

The Commons readily acknowledge, that the Crimes charged upon the Eaijof Pou ys, Viscount St a fjord, Lord Petre, Lord Arundell of Wanlour, and Lord Bellasis, arc of deep Guilt, and call for speedy Justice: But w ithal, they bold any Change in Judicature in Parliament, made without Consent in lull Parliament, to be ot pernicious Consequence, both to his Majesty and his Subjects; and conceive themselves obliged to transmit to their Posterity all the Rights, which, ol this Kind, they have received from their Ancestors, by putting your Lordships in mind of the Progress that hath already been between the Two Houses, in relation to the Propositions made b\ the Commons, and the Reasonableness of the Proposi: ions themselves: They doubt not to make it appear, that their Aim hath been no other than to avoid such Consequence, and preserve such Right; and that there is no Delay of Justice on their Part: And, to that End, do offer to your Lordships the ensuing Reasons and Narrative:

That the Commons, in bringing the Earl of Dauby to Justice, and Discovery of that execrable and traiterous Conspiracy of which the Five Lords now stand impeached> and for which some of their wicked Accomplices have already undergone the Sentence of the Law , as Traitors and Murderers, have laboured under great Difficulties, is not unknown to your Lordships: That, upon the Impeachment of the House of Commons against the Earl of Dauby for High Treason, and other High Crimes, Misdemeanors, and Offences, even the common Justice of sequestringhim from Parliament, and forthwith committing him to safe Custody, was then required by the Commons, and denied by the House of Peers; though he then sat in their I louse:

Of which your Lordships have been so sensible, that, at a free Conference, the Tenth of April last, your Lordships declared, That it was the Right of the Commons, and well warranted by Precedents of former A ges, That, upon an Impeachment of the Commons, a Peer so impeached ought of Right to be ordered to w ithdraw; and then to be committed. And had not that Justice been denied to the

Commons,

26° Mail.

A. 1679.

Proceedings Commons, great Part of this Sessions of Parliament, on the lm- which hath been spent in framing and adjusting a Bill for peachmsnts. causing the Earl of Danby to appear, and answer That Justice from which he was fled, had been saved; and had been employed for the Preservation of his Majesty’s Person, and the Security of the Nation; and in Prosecution of the other Five Lords: Neither had he had the Opportunity of procuring for himself that illegal Pardon, which bears Date the First of March last past; and which he hath now pleaded in Bar of this Impeachment; nor of Wasting of so great a Portion of the Treasury of the Kingdom as he hath done, since the Commons exhibited their Articles of Impeachment against him.

After which Time thus lost, by reason of the Denial of That Justice which of Right belonged to the Commons, upon their Impeachment; the said Bill being ready for the Royal Assent, the Earl of Danby surrendered himself; and, by your Lordships Order of the Sixteenth of April last, was committed to the Tower: Afterwhich he pleaded the said Pardon; and, being pressed, did at length declare, That hd would rely upon and abide by That Plea. Which Pardon pleaded,(being illegal and void, and so ought not to bar or preclude the Cdmrnons from having Justice upon their Impeachment; they did thereupon, with their Speaker, on the Fifth of Instant, in the Names of Themselves, and of all the Commons of England, demand Judgment against the said Earl, upon their Impeachment; not doubting but that your Lordships intended, in all Proceedings upon the Impeachment, to follow the usual Course and Methods of Parliament.

But the Commons were not a little surprised by the Message from your Lordships, delivered on the Seventh of May; thereby acquainting them, That as well the Lords Spiritual, as Temporal, had ordered. That the Tenth of May Instant Should be the Day for hearing the Earl of Danby make good his Plea of Pardon; anti that, on the Thirteenth of May, the other Five Lords impeached Should be brought to their Tryal: And that your Lordships had addressed to his Majesty, for naming a Lord High Steward, as well in the Case of the Earl of Danby,

' as of the other Five Lords.

Upon Consideration of the said Message, the Commons found, That the admitting the Lords Spiritual to exercise Jurisdiction in these Cases, was an Alteration in the Judicature in Parliament; and which extended as well to the Proceedings against the Five Lords, as against the Earl of Danby: And that, if a Lord High Steward be necessary uponTryals on Impeachments of the Commons, the Power of Judicature in Parliament, upon Impeachments, might be defeated, by suspending or denying a Commission to constitute a Lord High Steward: And that the said Days of Tryal, appointed by your Lordships, were so near to the Time of your said Message, that the Mattel's, and the Methods of Proceedings upon the Tryals, could not be adjusted by Conferences between the Two Houses before the Day nominated; and consequently the Commons could not proceed to the Tryal, unless the Zeal which they had for speedy Judgment against the Earl of Danby, that so they might proceed to the Tryal of the other l ive Lords, might induce them, at this Juncture, both to admit of the Enlargement of your Lordships Jurisdiction, and sit down under those and many other Hardships, though with the Hazard of the Commons Power of Impeachment for the time to come, rather than the Tryal of the said Five Lords Should be deferred for some Short time, whilst these Matters might be agreed on and settled.

For reconciling Differences in these great and weighty Matters, and for saving that Time which would necessarily have been spent in Debates at Conferences betwixt the Two Houses; and for expediting the Tryal, without giving up the Power of Impeachments, or rendering them ineffectual; the Commons thought fit to propose to your Lordships, 'Ihat a Committee of both Houses might be appointed for this Purpose: At which Committee, when agreed to by your Lordships, it was first proposed, That the Time of the Tryal of the Lords in the Tower Should

18

be put off, till the other Matters were adjusted: And it was then agreed, That the Propositions, as to the Time of Tryal, Should be the last Thing considered: And that the Effect of this Agreement stands reported upon your. Lordships Books.

After which, the Commons communicated to your Lordships, by your Committee, a Vote of Theirs; vis. That the Committee of the Commons Should insist upon the former Vote of their House: And that the Lords Spiritual ought not to have any Vote in any Proceedings against the Lords in the Tower:And that, when That Matter Should be settled, and the Methods of Proceedings adjusted, the Commons would be then ready to proceed upon the Tryal of the Pardon of the Earl of against whom

they had before demanded Judgment; and afterwards, to the Tryal of the other Five Lords in the Which

Vote extended, as well to the Earl of Danby, as the other Five Lords. But the Commons as yet received nothing from your Lordships towards an Answer of that Vote, save that your Lordships have acquainted them, That the Bishops have asked Leave of the House of Peers, that they might withdraw themselves from the Tryal of the said Five Lords, with Liberty of entering their usual Protestations.

And though the Commons have almost daily declared to your Lordships Committee, That That was a necessary Point of Right to be settled before the Tryals; and offered to debate the same; your Committee always answered, That they had not any Power from your Lordships, either to confer upon, or to give any Answer concerning that Matter: And yet your Lordships, without giving the Commons any satisfactory Answer to the said Vote, or permitting any Conference or Debate thereupon, and contrary to the said Agreement, did, on Thursday the Fourteenth of May, send a Message to the Commons, declaring, That the Lord Spiritual, as well as Temporal, had ordered, That the Twenty-seventh of this instant be appointed for the Tryal of the Five Lords: So that the Commons cannot but apprehend, that your Lordships have not only departed from what was agreed on; and, in effect, laid aside That Committee which was constituted for preserving a good Understanding betw ixt the Two Houses, and better Dispatch of the weighty Affairs now depending in Parliament; but must needs conclude, from the said Message and Vote of your Lordships, on the Fourteenth of May, that the Lords Spiritual have a Right to stay, and sit till the Court proceeds to the Vote of Guilty or Not Guilty: And, from the Bishops asking Leave, as appears by your Lordships Books, Tw o Days after your said Vote, that they might withdraw themselves from the Tryal of the said Lords, with Liberty of entering their usual Protestations; and by their persisting still to go on, and give their Votes, in Proceedings upon the Impeachment; that their Desire, of Leave to withdraw at the said Tryal, is only an evasive Answer to theforementioned Vote of the Commons; and chiefly intended as an Argument for a Right of Judicature in Proceedings upon Impeachments; and as a Reason to judge of the Earl oiDanbyc'sPlea of his Pardon; and upon

those and other like Impeachments; although no such Power was ever claimed by their Predecessors, but is utterly denied by the Commons: And the Commons are the rather induced to believe it so intended, because the very Asking Leave to withdraw seems to imply a Right to be there; and that they cannot be absent w ithout it; because, by this Way, they would have it in their Power, whether or no, for the future, either in the Earl Case, or any other, they will ever ask Leave to he absent; and the Temporal Lords a like Power of denying Leave, if That Should be admitted once necessary.

The Commons, therefore, are obliged not to proceed to the Tryal of any of the Five Lords, the Twenty-seventh of this Instant May, bnt to adhere to their former Vote: And for their so doing, besides what hath been now and formerly by them said to your Lordships, do offer you these Reasons following: First, Because your Lordships have received the Earl of Danbye's Plea of his Pardon, witha very long and unusual Protestation; wherein he hath aspersed his Majesty by false Suggestions; as it his Majesty

2d" Mail

3 i Car. II.

had commanded or countenanced the Crimes he stands Lords, but that they shall never have Right done them charged with; and particularly suppressing and discou- in the Matter of the Plea of Pardon; which is of so fatal raging the Discovery of the Plot, and endeavouring to Consequence to the whole Kingdom, and a new Device introduce an arbitrary and tyrannical Way of Govern- to frustrate publick Justice in Parliament nient: Which remains as a Scandal upon Record against Which Reasons and Matters being duly weighed by his Majesty, tending to render his Person and Government your Lordships, the Commons doubt not but your Lord-odious to his People; against which it ought to be the ships will receive Satisfaction concerning the n" Propositions principal Care of both Houses to vindicate his Majesty, and Proceedings; and will agree, That the Commons by doing Justice upon the said Earl. ought not, nor cannot, without deserting their Trusty ' 1

2. The Setting up a Pardon to be a Bar of an Impeach- depart from their former Vote communicated to your n}ent defeats the whole Use and Effect of Impeachments: Lordships; That the Lords Spiritual ought not to have

For Should this Point be admitted, or stand doubted, it any Vote in any Proceedings against the Lords in the would totally discourage the Exhibiting any for the future; Tower. And, when that Matter shall be settled, and the whereby the chief Institution for the Preservation of the Methods of Proceedings adjusted, the Commons shall Government would be destroyed, and consequently the then be ready to proceed upon the Tryal of the Earl of Government itself: And therefore the Case of the said Danby, against whom they have already demanded Earl, which in Consequence concerns all Impeachments, Judgment; and afterwards to the Tryal of the other ought to be determined belore that of the said Five Lords, Five Lords in the which is but their particular Case.

And, without resorting to many Authorities of greater Or That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committees. Antiquity, the Commons desire your Lordships to take this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed, notice, with the same Regard they do, of the Declaration which that excellent Prince King Charles the First, of Ord, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Outlawries. '

blessed Memory, made in this Behalf, in his Answer to reversing Outlawries in the King s Bench.....be im-

the Nineteen Propositions of both Houses of Parliament: powered to consider of the Supersedeas out of the Court Wherein, stating the several Parts of this regulated of Common Pleas: And that Sir Richard Head, Mr.

Monarchy, he says, "The King, the House of Lords, Wright, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mildmay, and Mr. Papillon, and the House of Commons, have each particular Pri- Mr. Browne, Mr. Mr. Alderman

vileges:" And, amongst those which belong to the King, Lave, be added to the said Committee, he reckons Power of Pardoning: After the Enumerating

of which, and other his Prerogatives, his said Majesty Sir J reports from the Committee appointed Proceedings adds thus again, That " the Prince may not make use of to join with the Committee of Lords to consider of Pro- on l*J* Im’ this high and perpetual Power, to the Hurt of those for positions and Circumstances relating to the Tryal of the peac DBen whose Good he hath it; and make use of the Name of Lords in the Tomer, That the said Committee had com* publick Necessity for the Gain of his private Favourites municated to the Committee of Lords the Instructions and Followers, to the Detriment of his People." this Day given them by this House: Unto which the

The House of Commons (an excellent Conserver of Lords of the Committee gave this Answer, That they Liberty) is solely intrusted with the First Propositions had no Power from their House to give any further concerning the Levies of Monies, and the Impeaching of Answer to those Matters, or to debate the same with the those, who, for their own Ends, though countenanced by Committee of this House.

any surreptitiously gotten Command of the King, have Resolved, &c. That a Message be sent to the Lords, Lords to con-violated that Law, which he is bound (when he knows it) to desire their Lordships to sit some time: And that Sir tinue sitting, to protect; and to the Protection of which they are bound Thomas Meres do go up with the said Message, to advise him, at least not to serve him in the contrary: Resolved, &c. That a Conference be desired with the Conference

And the Lords being intrusted with the Judicatory Lords upon Matters of great Importance to the King- desired.

Power, are an excellent Screen and Bank between the dom; and for preserving a good Correspondence between Prince and the People, to assist each against any In- the Two Houses: And that Sir John Trevor do go up croachments of the other; and by just Judgment, to with the said Message, preserve that Law which ought to be the Rule of every

one of the Three. A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn Lords desir*

Therefore the Power, legally placed in both Houses, and Sir Miles Cooke; aConference.

is more than sufficient to preserve and restrain the Power Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire a present free Con-of Tyranny. ference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon

3. Until the Commons of England have Right done the Subject Matter of the last free Conference, relating them against this Plea of Pardon, they may justly ap- to the Bill for securing the Liberty of die Subject, and for prehend, That the whole Justice of the Kingdom, in the Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

Case of the l ive Lords, may be obstructed and defeated ' The Messengers being withdrawn;

by Pardons of the like Nature. Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree to meet

4. An Impeachment is virtually the Voice of every the Lords at a present free Conference in the Painted particular Subject of this Kingdom, crying out against an Chamber.

Oppression, by which every Member of diat Body is The Messengers being called in, Mr. Speaker acquaints equally wounded: And it would prove a Matter of ill them, That this House had agreed to meet the Lords at a Consequence, That the Universality of the People Should present free Conference, in the Painted Chamber, have Occasion ministred and continued to them, to be Ordered, That the Members that managed the last free

apprehensive of utmost Danger from the Crown, whereby Conference had with the Lords, relating to the Amend* they of Right expect Preservation. ments made by their Lordships to the Bill for the better

,5. The Commons exhibited Articles of Impeachment Securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention against the Earl of Danby, before any against the other of Imprisonments beyond the Seas, do attend, and manage Five Lords; and demanded Judgment upon those Ar- this free Conference, tides: Whereupon your Lordships having appointed the

Tryal of the said Earl before That of the other Five Sir Thomas Meres reports, That he had attended the Lords Lords; now your Lordshipshaving since inverted that Lords with the Message: And that the Lords had agreed continue to Order, gives a great Cause of Doubt to the House of to sit for some convenient Time. "*

Commons, and raises a Jealousy in the Hearts of all the

Commons of England, That, if they Should proceed upon Ordered, That Sir have Leave to go Leave of

the Tryal of the said five Lords in the First Place, not into the Country for Three Weeks. Absence,

only Justice would be obstructed in the Case of those

' *>34 26* — 37* Matt. A. 1679.

Leave of Absence.

Lords agree to Con. ference.

Conference.

Shipping

Artillery.

Conference desired with Lords.

Ordered \That Sir Wm. Mo have Leave to go into

the Country for Fourteen Days.

S\rJohn Trevor reports, That the Lords had agreed to a present Conference in ,the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members that prepared the Answer and Reasons, do attend, and manage this Conference.

Mr. Hamden reports from the free Conference had with the Lords, concerning the Bill for securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas, the Reasons offered at the Conference: And delivered the Bill and Amendments in at the Table: Where the Amendments being read, were, upon the Question, agreed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to examine concerning the Train of Artillery, shipped for Portsmouth, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, &c. That a free Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject Matter of the last free Conference, relating to the Bill for securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

Resolved, &c.That it is the Opinlotl of this Committee,

That Mr. Philip Foley is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley in the County of Worcester.

The Question being put, To agree with the Committee in the said Votes.

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers,{|^ j for the Noes. 93.

DrakC' } for the YeM' '95'

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, 8cc. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That all the Inhabitants of the Borough of Bewdley in the County of Worcester have not Right to vote in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Mr. Philip Foley is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That the Lord Armesley have Leave to go Leave of into the Country. Absence.

Affrican

Company.

Btwdley

Election.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Seven of the Clock.

Martis, 27* dieMaii, 1679* Prayers.

PETITION of the Royal African Company was read; setting forth, That whereas the Committee, appointed to examine into the Miscarriages of the Navy, have received some Complaints against the Petitioners; and this House has referred the Examination thereof to the said Committee: And forasmuch as the Matter of Complaint is of great Concern to the Publick; and the Justification of the Petitioners depends much upon the Construction and Validity of their Charter; the Petitioners therefore pray, That the whole Matter may be heard at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of the House, on Thursday next come Seven-night

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, the State of the Case concerning the Election for Bewdley in the County of Worcester: And that the main Question was, Whether all the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot in the said Borough, or only the capital and particular Burgesses of the said Borough, who had Right to vote in Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And that the Committee had examined the Charter of the said Borough in 3* Jacobi, whereby the said Borough was incorporated, and divers Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for that Borough: And that thereupon the Committee had agreed upon Two Votes or Resolves, to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, See. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Inhabitants of the Borough of Bewdley in the County of Wtorcester have not Right to vote in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt and Mr. Ayliffe have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Franckland have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clarges do go up to the Conferee* Lords, to desire a free Conference with their Lordships, Yesterday resolved upon. 0

Ordered, That all the Members that are in the Hall be Member* immediately sent for, to attend the Service of the House. uummoiied.

Ordered, That Sir Scrocpe How have Leave to go into Leave of the Country. Absence.

Sir Thomas Clerges reports, That the Lords had agreed Conference to meet this House at the free Conference; and had with Lords, appointed it presently, in the Painted Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and House to

Sir John Hoskins; continue

Mr. Speaker, The Lords desire That this House will sltt, nfc-sit for some time: For they have received Information,

That his Majesty is coming in his Royal Robes, to say something to both Houses.

Resolved, &c. That this House will sit for some time.

The Members that were appointed to manage the free Conference; Conference with the Lords concerning the Bill for the Liberty of better Securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Pie- the Subject, vention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas, did attend, and manage the said free Conference; and left the Bill with the Lords.

A Message from the King, by Sir Edward Carteret, j\fesMfff te Usher of the Black Rod; attend the

Mr. Speaker, king.

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Lords.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went parliament up to attend his Majesty: Who was pleased to prorogue prorogued., this Parliament until the Fourteenth Day of August next.

Ir'-

*3.

71/

hit.

V:

iv

V

635

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE (/COMMONS.

Parliamentum inceptum & tentum apud Civitatem Westmon' Die Veneris, Decimo Septimo O&obris, Anno Regni Domini nostri Caroli Secundi, Dei Gratia, Anglise, Scotiae, Franciae, & Hi-berniae, Regis, Fidei Defenfor’, &c. Tricesimo Primo, Annoque Domini 1679.

Mac

fe-

f-:rr

Ik 3

‘"A

parliament

nuetB.

ON which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting of this Parliament, about Eight of the Clock in the Morning, the Right honourable Arthur Earl of Anglesea Lord Privy Seal, John Earl of Bridgewater, William Earl of Craven,

Francis Viscount Newport, with divers other Lords, who were deputed, by the Right honourable James Duke of Ormond, Lord Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, to administer the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to all Persons returned as Members to sit in Parliament, came into the Inner Court of Wards, being the Place by them appointed for that Purpose: And the Clerk of the Crown presenting a List of such Members as were returned to sit in this present Parliament; and the Clerk of the House of Commons attending, according to the Duty of his Place; the said Lords did, according to the Power to

them given, administer the said Oaths to all the Mem* bers who then appeared.

And the Members, who were sworn, having taken their Places in the House;

A Message was delivered by Thomas Duppa Esquire, Message to Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; viz. attend th*< Gentlemen of the House of Commons, Ku>s*

The Lords, authorized by his Majesty, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the King’s Commission read.

And accordingly the House went up to the House of parliament Peers: Where his Majesty’s Commission, for Proroguing prorogued, of this present Parliament until the Six-and-twentieth Day of January next, being read; the Parliament was accordingly prorogued to that Time.

(at

Ltr

iiji

Luna, 26* die Jamtarii, 1679-80. Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Parliament r 11H E House being this Day met; Him immediately in the House of Peers,

further pro- X A Message was delivered from his Majesty by And accordingly the House went up to attend his Ma-rogued. Thomas Duppa Esquire, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the jesty;whowas pleased, after havingmadeaSpeech, topro-Black Rod; viz. rogue this Parliament until the Fifteenth Day of April next.

Jovis, 15’ die Aprilis, 1680. mediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the

House of Peers, to hear the King’s Commission read. Parliament IIE House being this Day met; And accordingly the House went up to the House of

lari her pro- X A Message was delivered by Thomas Duppa Esquire, Peers: Where his Majesty's Commission, for Proroguing rogued. Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; viz. of this present Parliament until the Seventeenth Day of

Gentlemen of the House of Commons, May next, being read; the Parliament was accordingly

The Lords, authorized by his Majesty, desire the im- prorogued till that Time.

Luna, 17* die Maii, 1680. mediate Attendance of this honourable House in the

House of Peers, to hear the King’s Commission read. Parliament rT', HE House being this Day met; And accordingly the House went up to the House of

farther pro- X A Message was delivered by Thomas Duppa Esquire;- Peers: Where his Majesty’s Commission, for Proroguing replied, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; viz. of this present Parliament until the first Day of

Gentlemen of the House of Commons, next, being read; the Parliament was accordingly pro-

The Lords, authorized by his Majesty, desire the im- rogued to that lime.

Vol. IX.

636

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Message to attend the King.

Mr.' Wil-hams chosen Speaker.

Message to attend the King.

Choice of Mr. Speaker approved by the King.

r — 22* Julii — 23° Aug. — '21° — 22° — 23° — -25° Oct. A. 1680

Jovis, 1* die , 1680.

H E House being this Day met;

A Message M as delivered by Thomas Duppa, Esquire, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; -

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Ldrds, authorized by his Majesty, desire the im-

mediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Kings Commission read.

And accordingly the House Ment up to the House of Peers: Where his Majesty's Commission, for Proroguing of this present ParJkmaMt until the Two-and-twentieth Day of this Instant July, Mas read; the Parliament M’as accordingly prorogued to that Time.

Jovis, 22° die , 1680.

THE House being this Day met;

A Message M’as delivered by Sir Edward Car-tarett, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by his Majesty, desire the im-

mediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the King's Commission read.

And accordingly the House Ment up to the House of Peers: Where his Majesty’s Commission, for Proroguing of this Parliament until the Three-and-twentieth Day of August next, being read; the Parliament was accordingly prorogued to that Time.

Luna,23’ dieA 1680.

THE House being this Day met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Edward -terett, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by his Majesty, desire the im-

mediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the King’s Commission read.

And accordingly the House went up to the House of Peers: Where his Majesty’s Commission, for Proroguing of this present Parliament until the One-and-twentieth Day of October next, being read; the Parliament M’as accordingly prorogued to that Time.

Jervis, 21* die Octobris, 1680.

THE House being met;

A Message Mas delivered from the King by Sir Edward Cartarett, Usher of the Black Rod; viz.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly the House went up to attend his Majesty: Who was pleased, after having made a Speech, to command the Commons to return to their House, and proceed to the Choice of their Speaker.

And the House, being returned from his Majesty, proceeded to the Choice of their Speaker.

And a Motion being made to the House, That William Williams Esquire be chosen Speaker for this House;

It was, upon a Question put, resolved in the Affirma*-tive, Nemine contradicente.

And, Mr. Williams being conducted to the Chair by Two Members of the House;

The House being informed, That his Majesty had appointed Tomorrow at Three of the (dock in the Afternoon, for the House to present their Speaker;

The House did, upon a Question put, adjourn till Tomorrow, Tm o of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Which was allowed by the King.

The House being returned; and Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair, and made Report thereof to the House;

The House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 23° die Octobris, 1680.

Prayers.

THE House being met, proceeded to the Taking of Member* the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; and takeOnb«. making and subscribing the Declaration directed by an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of his now Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament.

And Mr. Speaker, and a great Number of the Members of the House, having taken the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration;

The House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 22° die Oclobris, 1680,

Post Meridian.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair.

A Message Mas delivered from the King by Sir Edward Cartarett, Usher of the Black Rod; viz. Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty; and humbly represented to his Majesty, That the House of Commons had chosen him their Speaker: And he made Claim, by humble Petition, in the Name of the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, of the ancient Rights of the Commons, For them, and their Servants, in their Persons and Estates, to be free from Arrests, and other Disturbances; in all their Debates, to have Freedom and Liberty of Speech; and, as Occasion shall require, to have Access to his Majesty's Royal Person.

Luna, 25° die Oclobris, 1680.

Prayers.

TII E House, being met, proceeded further in the Members Taking of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; take Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration directed by the Act made in the Thirtieth Year of his now Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament.

And such Members as M-ere present, having taken the said Oath; and made and subscribed the said Declaration;

An additional Bill concerning Persons buried in Wool- Burying in

len, was read the First time. _ ... Woolen.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That, M’here there are any Double Returns of Double Members to serve in this present Parliament, such Mem- Returns, hers do forbear to sit, until the said Returns be decided.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand sit every Tuesday rn the Afternoon, in the House. Committees.

Ordered,

Committee of Privileges.

Election

Petition.

Message from Lords — Popish Plot.

2 Car. II. 25* Octobris. 637

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for G rievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Resolved, &c. That a Committee of Elections and Privileges be appointed of these Members following;

Mr. John Trenchard, Mr. John Gray, Sir John Tremor, Sir William Roberts, Sir John HothamSir Clayton,

Mr. Barker, Mr. Hamden, Sir EHaney, Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Treby,'\jor6. Russell, Sir Pou/tency,

Sir Thomas Playei', Sir Nicholas Cary, Colonel Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Harbord, Mr. vcrell, Mr. Conningsby, Mr. Dutton Colt, Lord Gerrard, Mr. Thistlethzoayte, Sir John Holman, Mr. Edward Sey-

mour, Sir John Wynn, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Bremen, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. /Fill. Barker, Sir Francis Wilmington, Sir Walter Long, Mr. Papillon, Sir Charles Cecsar, Mr. Mountague, Sir John Knight, Mr. Wright, Mr. Mr. Fleetwood, Mr.

Fran. Stonehouse, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Cope, Alderman Love, Mr. Farrington, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Garraway, Mr. White, Lord Fair-Jam, Sir Robert Markham, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir Thomas Probey, Sir James Long, Sir Robert Henley, Colonel Birch, Mr. John Hamden, Sir John Coventry, Sir John Fagg, Sir George Speake, Sir Edward Harley, Mr

Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Jonathan Keat, Mr. rich, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir. Jo Hobart, Colonel Whit-

ley, Sir John Stonehouse, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Upton, Mr. Orlando Gee, Mr. Davyes, Sir William Courtney, Mr. Butler, Mr. Holt, Sir John Hez Sir Elwes, Mr.

Pelham, Sir Nicholas Pelham, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Tho. Stringer, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Nosworthy, Mr Sir Robert Thomas, Lord Cavendish, Sir Sir Rob.Atkins, Lord Annesley, Sir John Sir

ward Deering, Sir Henry Calverly, Sir Burlaee, Mr.

Vaughan, Colonel Titus, Mr. Henry Trenchard, Mr. Browne, Sir William Langham, Mr. Thomas Lewis, Lord Clifford, Sir Humphry Winch: And all that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, at the Time and Place before-mentioned: And to take into their Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections,' and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, firom time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so in Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the said Committee is to have Power to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member of this Committee, such Member is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

A Petition oj I, Thomas Hoby Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Scroggs and the Lord Chief Justice North;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have commanded ua to acquaint you. That they have made an Address to his Vo l.IX.

Majesty, and have received his Majesty's Answer thereto; which they have thought fit to communicate to this House.

And the said Address and Answer being delivered in at the Clerk’s Table;

And the Messengers being withdrawn;

The said Address and Answer were read to the House, and are as followeth; viz.

" Die Sabbati, 23® Octobris, 1680."

" Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, iii Parliament assembled, That the Lords with white Staves do attend his Majesty, humbly to desire him, from this House, That, whereas there hath been a Discovery of an horrid Plot and Conspiracy, by the Papists, against his Majesty’s Person and Government, which still continues, his Majesty will be graciously pleased to issue out his Royal Proclamation; thereby declaring, That if any Person or Persons shall, within the Space of Two Months after the Date of such Proclamation, come in, and give Evidence of any Treason or Conspiracy against his Majesty’s Royal Person and Government; that then his Majesty will graciously pardon such Person or Persons all Treasons, and Misprision of Treasons, and all Offences in Concealment of the same, to the Time limited by the said Proclamation. Jo.Browne, Cleric. Parliamentor."

" His Majesty hath considered of the Address made by the House, and is so wfiling to encourage all Persons who know any thing of any Treasons and Conspiracies against his Person and Government, that he will cause his Royal Proclamation to issue, declaring, That he will fully pardon and secure all Persons who shall make such Discovery, not only during the Space of Two Months, as is desired, but at any time alter, whensoever such Discovery shall be made."

A Petition of William Trenchard and Edward Norton Flection Esquires was read. Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report their Opinions therein to the House.

A Petition of John Arnold Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Matthew Irish, William Mercfield, and others, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Henley Merchant was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions, to the House.

A Petition of Deane Goodwin Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Lee Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Cooke Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

7 Y A Petition

Election

Petitiong.

638

A Petition of Denzil Onslow Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Francis Dorington Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir William Waller Knight was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Philip Gell Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Glamill Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Peter Tyrrell Baronet was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Baldxty Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Algernon Sidney Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Winx and Samuel Starkey Esquires was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Cary and John Powney Esquires was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

to examine.....thereof; and to report the same, with

their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Wharton Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Fronds Trefusis and James Vernon Esquires was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

1680.

sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same* with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of James George Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein ..

A Petition of Henry Herbert Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Peter Colleton Baronet w’as read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Kendall Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Peachy Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Archer, William , and

others, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Humphry Burlace Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Portreve and Burgesses of the Borough of St. Michell in the County of was

read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Fagge Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same,' with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir James Hayes Knight, and John Wild-man Esquire, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine tire Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

25° Octob.

A Petition of John Rotherham Esquire was read. A Petition of Thomas Kendall and Humphry Courtney

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Esquires was read,

' Election Petitions*

Message from Lords deferred.

Election

Petition.

Heydon

Writ.

Radnor Writ.

Election

Petition.

L&nceston

Writ.

32 Car. II. 25 Octobris.639

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges apd Elections; to examine the Mattej- thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Smith Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Clark Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edmund Prid Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion Jherein, to the House.

ment for the Borough of Dunkivid, alias in.

the room of Sir John Coryton Baronet, deceased.

An additional Bill concerning Persons Burying in Burying in Woollen, was read a Second time. W o#Uen.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Sir Anthony Irby, Sir John Trevor, Colonel 'Sir. White,

Sir Richard Cust, Sir Robert Markham, Sir William York,

Sir John Ilartup, Mr. Wright, Sir James Mr.

Wynne, Sir Francis Russell, Sir William Poultney, Sir Francis Rolls, Sir Thomas Clarges, Sir Robert Mr. Bennett, Sir James Long, Mr. Mr. Ser-

jeant Strode, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Davyes, Mr. Grey,

Mr. Colt, Mr. Bremen, Sir George Dozening, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Wm.Estcourt, Siv John Knight, Mr. Thompson:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Linnington to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Linnington, in the room of John Button Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of Philip Howard Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to thp House.

A Petition of Henry Whithed Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corn sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the 6ame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edzcard Rudge Merchant was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Message this Day sent from the Lords be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mortis, 26* die Octobris, 1680.

A PETITION of Henry Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Heydon, in the County of in the room of Sir Hugh Bethel Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to rqake out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Radnor, in the room of Griffith Jones Esquire.

A Petition of Edward Brereton Esquire was read. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parlia- Vox.. IX.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the Regulating Debate of the House, for regulating the Election of Elections* Members to serve in Parliament.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Hamden,

Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Garway, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Sir Thomas Meres, Sir John Hartup, Sir Thomas Player,

Mr. Colt, Sir William Estcourt, Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Wentworth, Sir Samuel Bemardiston;or any Three of

them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the same: And they are to take care to bring in a Clause, to declare the Law,

That an Action of the Case may be brought, for any Damages sustained by undue Returns.

A Petition of Gerrard Russell and Edward Partrich Election Esquires was read. Petitions,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the . ., with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Swinfen Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec- ' tiens; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Bailiff’ of Tamxcorth do deliver true Copies of the Poll to Mr. Szcinfen, and all Parties concerned, or such Persons as they shall appoint: And that they have Liberty to examine the same with the Originals.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Monmouth to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ> the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmoulli, in the room of Mr.

Morgan.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Dorchester to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for " nt-the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the room of Sir Francis Hollis, called up to the House of Lords.

A Petition of Sir John Maynard was read. Election

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Petitions. Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Dean Esquire was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition

640

Election A Petition of John Collins Esquire was read.

Petition. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Melcombe Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to egis Writ. (|ie Clerk Gf the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Melcoml>e llegis, in the County of Dorsett, in the room of Thomas Esquire deceased.

1680.

to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same with their Opinion therein, to the House. ’

Ordered, That the Votes of each Day be read the Day Votes and following, the first Business. Journal.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the House every Day; and see that due Entries be made therein.

And it is referred to Mr. Papillon, Mr. Mr.

Barker, Mr. Rushworth, Sir John Knight, Mr.

Sir Robert Markham, Sir Thomas__ Player, or any Two of them.

26° — 27° Octobris.

Address — The House, according to the Order Yesterday made, taking into Consideration the Message sent from the Lords;

Ordered, That an humble Address be prepared to be presented to his Majesty for the Pardon of such Persons who shall, within a limited time, make satisfactory Discovery to this House of the horrid Popish Plot.

And it is referred to Mr. we//, Mr. Gai~way, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Buscauen, Sir Sir Francis

Winnington, Mr. Pawl e, Mr. Colonel Titus, Sir Henry Capcll, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Thomas Lee, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the same: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speakers Chamber, at Two of the Clock.

Popish Plot. The House being informed that Mr. Dangerfield was in the Speaker's Chamber; and desired he might acquaint the House with some Matters of Importance relating to the Popish Plot;

Ordered, That Mr. Dangerfield be called to the Bar of this House, to give an Account to the House, What he knows relating to the Popish Plot.

And Mr. Dangerfield, being accordingly called to the

Bar of the House, related his Evidence.

And Mr. Dangerfield being withdrawn;

Matters re- The House taking notice of Mr. 's having,

spectinjr a in his Information, mentioned Sir Robert Peyton, ft Mem-Member. her of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, to examine the Matters touching Sir Robert Peyton-, and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Dutton Colt, Mr. Sir

Gerrard, Sir Fran. Winnington, Sir William York, Sir Charles Ceesar, Sir Robert ThMr. Wentworth, Serjeant Rigby, Sir William Roberts, Mr. Mr.

Foley, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Colonel Birch, Mr. White,

Sir William Ellis, Sir John HSir William Courtney,

Mr. Woo/rich, Mr. GarwSir Anthony Irby; or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Three a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolution Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion Popish* Sue- this House to proceed effectually to suppress Popery; ressor. and prevent a Popish Successor.

Ordered, That Mr. do put his Evidence,

this Day given to the House, into Writing; and present the same to the House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Mercurii, die 27° Octobris, 1680.

Montgomery A PETITION of Sir John Trevor, touching the Election. jfY. Election for the Shire-town of Montgomery, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Coventry A Petition of Robert Feilding Esquire, touching the Election. Election for Coventry, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Mr. Dangerfeild attending, according to the Order p0pi»h Plot. Yesterday made, was called in; and delivered his Evidence relating to the horrid Popish Plot, in Writing:

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That Mr. Dangerfeild be again called in; and do read the said Paper, and sign each Page thereof.

Which he did, accordingly.

Mr. Treby reports from the Committee appointed to Address — prepare and draw up an Address to be presented to his ^‘pj"vJne8 Majesty, An Address, agreed upon by the Committee: 0 0

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being twice read, was, with an Amendment made at the Table, upon the Question, agreed, Nemine conlradi-cente: And is as followeth;

May it please Your Majesty,

We Your Majesty's most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects the Commons, in Parliament assembled, being highly zealous for the Preservation of the Protestant Religion,

Your Majesty’s Sacred Person and Government; and resolving to pursue, with a strict and impartial Inquiry, the execrable Popish Plot which was detected in the 1 wo last Parliaments; and has been supported, and carried on, by potent and restless Practices and Machinations, especially, during the late Recesses of Parliament, whereby several Persons have been terrified, and discouraged from declaring their Knowledge thereof; most humbly beseech Your Majesty, That, for the Security of such Persons who shall be willing to give Evidence, or make further satisfactory Discovery, concerning the same, to this House, Your Majesty would be pleased to issue Your Royal Proclamation, assuring all the said Persons of Yrour gracious Pardon, if they shall give such Evidence, or make such Discovery, within Two Months after the Date of such Proclamation.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do desire to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, When this House may attend him.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is, and ever Right of hath been, the undoubted Right of the Subjects of Eng- petitioning. land, to petition the King for the Calling and Sitting of Parliaments, and Redressing all Grievances.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That to traduce such Petitioning as a Violation of Duty, and to represent it to his Majesty as tumultuous and seditious, is to betray the Liberty of the Subject; and contributes to the Design of subverting the ancient legal Constitution of this Kingdom, and introducing arbitrary Powder.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire of all such Persons as have offended against these Rights of the Subject.

And it is referred to Sir Francis Sir Gil-

bert Gerrard, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir Francis Russell,

Sir John Brookes, Mr. Treby, Sir John Trenchard, Colonel Titus, Siri Hen.Thompson, Mr. Sachevere/l, Sir

Anthony Irby, Lord Brandon, Alderman Love, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Wynn, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Mr.

Ganvay, Mr. Hollywood, Sir John Hartop, Sir William Courtney, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Pmclc, Mr. Barken', Mr.

Papillon, Sir William Portman, Mr. Thynn, Sir

tham, Mr. Hord, Sir John Hobbart, Sir Thomas Player,

22 Mr.

12 Car. II.

27^ — 28°

641

' 0?A v

kni

Mr. Walden, Sir Charles Haxcton, Mr. Reynell, Sir John Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Coihmon Pleas, was Popish Plot. Knight, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Tho. Jilompesson, Sir attending, in pursuance of the Order\esterday made.;

Thomas C/arses, Mr. Howard, Sir John Stomhouse, Sir Ordered, That a Chair be set w ithin the Bar for his

~ . ‘ *" T n. T II- A I .1 1 T 1*. 1__11-1 I.

K\M of Petitioning — Complaint against Sir C. Jeiitr^ts;

Uk

-it

and a;ains.t a, Miinitr.

Adtlross for supporting llit: King.

Robert Thomas, Sir John Trevor, Sir Henry Cape//, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hamden, and all the Members that serve for London: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of divers Citizens of the City of -London, complaining against Sir George Jcjferyes, Recorder of the said City, lor having oftended against the said Rights of the Subject; being presented to the House;

And the Petitioners being called in to the Bar of the House, avowed the said Petition: And being withdrawn;

The Petition was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the former Committee.

The House being informed, That Sir Francis a Member of this House, had likewise offended against the said Rights of the Subject.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Wythens, a Member of this House, have Notice given him by the Serjeant at Arms, to attend in his Place Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That ah Address be made to his Majesty, declaring the Resolution of this House, to preserve and support the Kings Person, and the Government, and the Protestant Religion, at Home and Abroad.

And it is referred to Mr. P Mr. Hamden, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Thomas Meres, Colonel Birch, Mr.

Mr. Saeheverell, Sir Francis WSir Henry Capell,

Colonel Titus, Sir John Clobery, Sir Richard Corbett, Sir

Thomas Clarges, Mr. Baseauen, Sir Haney, Sir

Popish Plot.

Lordship: And that his Lordship be called in

Which was done accordingly.

And his Lordship being come into the House, Mr, Speaker acquainted him with what the House required from him;

And his Lordship having accordingly given an Account to the House therein; and informing the House, That the Papers relating to Mr. BeTestimony, taken by his Lordship at Bris/oll, were by his Lordship delivered in to the Council, and by them transmitted to the House of Lords; and that One of the Clerks of that House was attending at the Door, with those Papers;

And his Lordship withdrawing;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Lords House, attending at the Door, be called in; to deliver those Papers.

And he being accordingly called in; and having delivered the Papers; acquainted the House, That he was directed to take a Receipt for the same, upon the Delivery of them.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do give a Receipt for the said Papers.

The Lord Chief Justice North being called in; the said Papers were, by Order of the House, shewn to his Lordship.

And his Lordship, by Order of the House, being asked by Mr. Speaker, Whether those Papers were the original Papers concerning the Deposition of Mr. Bedloe, taken by his Lordship in his last Sickness; his Lordship answered, They were.

And his Lordship being withdrawn; the several Papers were read to the House.

Another Paper, relating to the Testimony of Mr. Bed-

Trcvor, Sir Richard Graham, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Ro- he in his last Sickness, being delivered by Sir John Knight,

bert Thomas, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, or any Five of them, a Member of this House, was read.

to prepare and draw up the same: And they are to meet at Three of Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Francis Wythens, appearing in his Place, according A Mem! er to the Order of the House Yesterday made; attends as

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Peace for or taJ‘

do attend the House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, with the Roll of the Orders for last Easier Session for the City of Wt estminsler.

Ordered, That the Evidence this Day given in by Mr.

Hangoj'eild in Writing, be sealed up, and lodged in the Hands of Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That Sir Francis North, Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, with the

Evidence by him taken from Mr. Bedloe at Brisloll.

Ordered, That Mr. Dugdale be summoned, by the Ser- ,

jeant at Arms attending this House, to give his Evidence for t-1<r Borough ot in the County of 11 cstmore-

at the Bar Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, re- in the room of Richard Esquire,

lating to the horrid Popish Plot.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to Appulhey the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament

Ordered, That the Papers and Writings in the Custody of Mrs. Bedloe, relating to the horrid Popish Plot, be brought to this House: And the Members that serve for the City of London, are desired to take Care to give her Notice thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Prance be summoned by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to give his Evidence at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, relating to the horrid Popish Plot.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

jovis, 28" die Octobris, 1680.

fling appoints to life attended.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That the Members of the House, that are of his Majesty’s Privy Council; having, according to the Order of the ]egcs. to examine the Matter thereof; and report the Hodse, Yesterday, attended his Majesty, to know hiss same> with their Opinion therein, to the House. Pleasure, when this House Should attend him; his Ma-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to Rochester the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the room of Mr. Serjeant Burrell, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant ciitheroe to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W’rit for Writ, the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ciitheroe in the County of Lancaster, in tlte room of Sir Ralph Ashton, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Wrarrant Riitluid to the Clerk of the Grown, to make out a new Writ for " nt‘ the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Rutla?id, in the room of Sir Abel Barker, deceased.

A Petition of Sir Charles Gaudy, and Sir Robert Reeves, Eye touching the Election for Eye, in was read. Election.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privi-.

jesty had appointed this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, for the House to attend him in the Banqueting House;

The House being informed, That Sir Francis , Vot. IX.

A Petition of William Coryton Esquire, touching the Kdlington Election for Kellington, was read. . Elecllon-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections

7 Z to

Complaint against a Member for denying the Plot;

Reprimanded forexception-able words;

Expelled and committed.

A person to attend.

Committees.

Dr. Dove to preach on 5th> Nov.

Woollen

Manufacture,

642 28* — -290 Octobris. . 1680.

to examine the Matter thereof '; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An Information being given the House against Sir Robert Yeamam of Bristoll, and against Sir Robert Catnip

a Member of this House; That they did, in October 1679, publickly declare, That there was no Popish Plot, but a Presbyterian Plot;

And Mr. Rowe, Sword bearer1 of Bristoll, being called in to the Bar, and attesting the same; and the same being likewise attested by Sir John Knight, a Member of this House;

And Sir Robert Conn being called upon by the House to make his Defence therein; who, standing up in his Place, did in making such Defence, utter several reflec-ing Expressions against the said Sir John Knight;

And Exceptions being taken by the House thereunto; and the Words being taken by the Clerk in Writing; which are as followeth; viz.

" That, as for the Credit of Sir John Knight in Bristoll, it is such, That a Jury of Twelve Men, his Neighbours, will not believe his Testimony ;"

And the House being informed by several Members, That he immediately added these Words, " God damn me, ’tis true;"

Which Words being read to Sir Robert and he

having in his Place explained himself, was ordered to withdraw.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Canne be brought to the Bar of this House, and do receive a Represension from Mr. Speaker, upon his Knees.

Which was accordingly done.

And Sir Robert Canne being again withdrawn;

The House proceeded in the further Consideration of the Matters charged against him.

And after long Debate;

Resolved, See. That it doth appear by the Evidence this Day given to this House, That Sir Robert Canne is guilty of publickly declaring in the City of Bristoll, in October 1679, That there was no Popish Plot, but a Presbyterian Plot.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Canne, a Member of this House, be committed to the Prison of the

Ordered, That Sir Robert Canne be expelled this House.

And then was brought to the Bar of the House; and, upon his Knees, received the Judgment of the House, for his Expulsion from this House, and Commitment to the Tower.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms, for conveying the Body of Sir Robert Canne to the Prison of the Tower.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Constable of the Tower, or his Deputy, to take the Body of Sir Robert Canne into Custody, and detain him, during the Pleasure of this House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Yeamans be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer for publickly declaring in the City of Bristoll, in October 1679, That there was no Popish Plot, but a Presbyterian Plot.

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee for drawing up the Address, declaring the Resolution of this House to preserve and support the King's Person and Government, and the Protestant Religion, be adjourned.

Ordered, That Doctor Dove be desired to preach before this House on the Fifth Day of November next, at St.Margaret’s, Westminster:And Mr. Speaker is desired by the House to give him Notice thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Veneris, 29* die Octobrisy 1680.

Prayers.

RDERED, That Sir George Downing have Leave

v to bring in a Bill for wearing of the Woollen Manufacture of England.

Ordered, That Doctor fonglte be humbly recommended by this House to his Majesty, for the first considerable Church Preferment, that shall happen to become void in this Kingdom: And that such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Privy Council, do represent the same to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That, having attended his Majesty Yesterday in the Afternoon, with the Address for a Pardon for such Persons as shall make a satisfactory Discovery to this House of the horrid Popish Plot’; his Majesty was pleased to return his gracious Answer to this Effect; viz. " That he did intend to direct such Proclamation; and was resolved, not only to prosecute the Plot, but Popery also; and to take (Jure of the Protestant Religion established by Law: And if we join, and this House go on calmly in their Debates without Heat, he did not doubt to bear down Popery, and all that belongs to it.

Mr. Harbordreports from the Committee to whom

it was referred to prepare and draw up an Address, declaring the Resolution of this House to support the King's Person and Government, and the Protestant Religion, both at Home and Abroad, An Address, agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being Twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed, Kcmine contracideute: And is as followeth 2

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most Dutiful and Obedient Subjects, the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do, with most thankful Hearts, acknowledge, not only Your Majesty's many former Royal Declarations of Your Adherence to the Protestant Religion in the Preservation and Protection thereof, but Your further Manifestation of the same in Your Gracious Speech to both Houses at the Opening of this present Parliament; in which Your Majesty is pleased to command us strictly and impartially to prosecute the horrid Popish Plot: Without which, we do fully assent to your Majesty’s great Judgment, That neither Your Person nor Government can be safe, nor Your Protestant Subjects; it being Part of the very Religion of Popery, where it can obtain, to extirpate all Protestants, both Prince and People; which hath caused, in the Times of Your Royal Ancestors, since the Reformation, that great Care to oblige the Subjects against their Return to the Papal Yoke, in the very same Oaths, wherein they swear Allegiance to their Prince: And as now the Eyes of all the Protestant Kingdoms and States abroad are upon us; and, looking upon your Majesty as the Royal Head of so many Protestant Countries, cannot but hope, upon a happy and solid Security in our Religion at home, that Your Majesty will be the greatest Protection to them, from whom we may expect a mutual Assistance, as being involved in the same common Danger; so we do humbly assure Your Majesty, That we shall be always ready to preserve Your Majesty’s Person and Government, and to support the Protestant Religion, both at Home and Abroad: And do humbly beseech your Majesty, to esteem all Persons whatsoever, who shall otherwise represent us to Your Majesty, as those who design to divide between the King and his People; and to defeat the Meeting and Sitting of Parliaments; that those Popish Designs may succeed, which they well know, cannot otherwise prosper: And this they have made more undeniably evident in the Interval of Parliament, by contriving, with unparalleled Insolence, a most damnable and wicked Design, to transfer their own Crimes upon so many of Your Majesty's Loyal Protestant Nobility and Gentry; hoping thereby to destroy those who, with the greatest Zeal and Integrity, endeavour to discover and prosecute them.

The House then proceeded to the Consideration of the Matter relating to Six* Francis Wythens, a Member of this House:

And

Dr. Tongue recommended tA

the King.

Answer to Address.

Address for supporting the Kin*,.

Right of petitioning

I.

i’ir.

kv,‘

3 2 Car. it. 30° Octobris — i° Novembris. 643

Complaint against a Member.

Expelled.

Tfaverford

West

Election.

And several Witnesses being called in, and examined at the Bar of this House, in that Matter;

And it appearing, upon the Confession of the said Sir Francis Wythensin his Place, and upon the Evidence

given at the Bar of the House against him, That he had presented an Address to his Majesty, expressing an Ab-horrency to petition his Majesty for the Calling and Sitting of Parliaments;

Resolved, That Sir Francis Wythcns, by promoting and presenting to his Majesty an Address, expressing an Ab-horrenev to petition his Majesty for the Calling and Sitting of Parliaments, hath betrayed the uhdoubted Rights of the Subjects of England.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Wythcns be expelled this House for his high Crime.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Wythens do receive his Sentence at the Bar of this House, upon his Knees, from Mr. Speaker.

Which was done accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30* die Octobris, 1680.

Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Buscarecn, Mr. Duboys, Sir Hen. Beaumont, Sir Francis Russell, Mr. Love, Mr. Colt, Mr. Trcby, Mr. Garway, Mr. Hamden, Sir John Trecor, Sir Henry Capell, Sir John Knight, Sir Thomas Clarges, Sir Thomas Flayer, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Sir Gil-

bert Gerrard, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Foley, Serjeant Rigby, Sir John Hotham, or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And are to sit de die in

Ordered, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, by such of the Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, That all the Letters, Papers, and Evidences, which have been delivered in to the Privy Council, relating to the horrid Popish Plot, maybe delivered in to this House.

Ordered, That Signor Francisco do put his Evi-

dence, this Day given at the Bar, into Writing; and do attend the House with the same on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mr. Dugdale, being called in, gave in Part of his Evidence, at the Bar, relating to the horrid Popish Plot.

Ordered, That Mr, Dagdale do put his Evidence, this Day given at the Bar, into Writing: And that lie attend this House on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, with the same: And then deliver the rest of his Evidence at the Bar of this House.

A PETITION of William Wogan Esquire was read.

A Petition of the Town and County of Haveijbrd-zcest was likewise read.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Committees; be revived; and do meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the respective Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Praunce do attend this House on p0pish riot. Monday Morning at Ten of the Clock, to give in his Evidence, in relation to the horrid Popish Plot.

The King Mr. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That his appoints to Majesty having been attended by such of the Members of b* attended. this House as are of the Privy Council, to know his Pleasure, when this House Should wait upon his Majesty with the Address, declaring the Resolution of this House to preserve and support his Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Protestant Religion, both at Home and Abroad; That he w as plpased to appoint Three of the Clock this Afternoon, for this House to attend him in the Banqueting House.

Answer to He further acquainted the House, That his Majesty

Address. being attended by such Members of this House as are of

his Privy Council, with the Address relating to Doctor Tongue; his Majesty was pleased to return Answer, That he had already taken some Care of Doctor Tongue: And that he would take him into further Consideration.

And theri the House adjourned to Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Sabbati, 30" die Octobris, 1680,

Post mcridiemj

THE House being met, in order to the attending his The House Majesty with the Address, declaring the Resolution attends the of this House to preserve and support his Majesty’s Per- K‘ng' son and Government, and the Protestant Religion, both . at Home and Abroad.

Adjourned to Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.'

;hli?

>;r

Taunton A Petition of the Inhabitants of Taunton-dean, in the

Election. County of Somerset!, touching the Election for the said Tow n, was read.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House on Friday next come Three Meeks.

Printing Resolved, That the Votes of this House be printed,

Vol. being first perused and signed by Mr. Speaker: And . that Mr. Speaker nominate and appoint the Persons to

print the same.

Popish plot. Signor Francisco Ferria, being called in, delivered his Evidence at the Bar of this House, relating to the Popish Plot.

Resolved, Nemitie contradicente, That this House will forthwith proceed to the full Examination of the Popish Plot, in order to bring the Offenders to Justice.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the Two last Parliaments; and make a Report to the House of their Proceedings relating to the Popish Plot.

And it is deferred to Sir Francis Mr. Sa-

chevercll, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Richard Cast, Sir Thomas Meres, Colonel Titus, Mr. Papillon, Vol. IX.

Luna, 1° die Novembris, 1680.

MR. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That, ac- Answer to cording to the Order of this House made on Sa- Address. turday last, for an humble Address to be made to his Majesty, by such of the Members of this House are of lira Majesty’s Privy Council, That all such Papers, Letters, and Evidences, relating to the horrid Popish Plot, as have been delivered in to the Privy Council, might be transmitted to this House; his Majesty had been attended in this Matter; who was pleased to answer, That the House of Lords having, at their first Sitting, appointed a Committee for Examination of the Popish Plot; his Majesty had been pleased ort the Twenty-fourth Day of the last Month, to order all Examinations, Papers, and Writings, relating to the Popish Plot, and in the Custody of the Clerks of the Council, to be sent to that Committee: And that, on the Twenty-seventh Day of October last, they Vvere all sent, accordingly.

A Petition of Sir Walter Ernly, and George Johnson Devises Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of the Election. Devises, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges;

to

644

to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

itoniton A Petition of Edmund Esquire* touching the

Erection. Election for Honiton, was read.

v Ordered \That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Woollen A Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen

Manufacture. Manufacture of England, by the general Wearing thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, Sic. That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Bight of pe- Air. Trenchard acquaints the House, from the Com*

tiuoning. vnittee appointed to inquire of all such Persons as have offended against the Rights of the Subject,' to petition the King for the Calling and Sitting of Parliament, That Information was given the said Committee, That the Lord Easton, Sir Thomas MalSir Brian Stapleton, Mr. Taylor, and Mr. Turner, Members of this House, had discouraged petitioning his Majesty, for the Sitting of this present Parliament; and had made Addresses to his Majesty, declaring their Dislike of such Petitions: And desiring the Directions of this House, how they Should proceed therein;

Ordered, That the said Committee do receive such Information as shall come before them, against the said several Members, and all other the Members of this House, that have offended therein, and make Report thereof to this House.

Answer to Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That the House at-Addiess. tended his Majesty on Saturday last in the Afternoon, with their Address, declaring the Resolution of this House to preserve and support the King's Person and Government, and the Protestant Religion, both at Home and Abroad: And that his Majesty returned his gracious Answer, to this Effect;

Gentlemen,

; I thank you very heartily for your Zeal for the Protestant Religion; and I assure you, there shall be nothing wanting on My Part, at Home or Abroad, to preserve it.

Popish Plot. Sir Francis JF/nnington, Chairman to the Committee

appointed to inspect the Journals of the Two last Parliaments, relating to the horrid Popish Plot, made a Report, from the said Committee, of a general Abstract of those Proceedings, taken out of the said Journals. And he referring, in the said Report, to several Entries in the said Journals, which could not yet be transcribed;

Ordered, That the said Report be perfected by the said Committee; and afterwards presented to the House, to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That-the same Committee do inspect the Journals of the Lords House, of the Two last Parliaments; and make a Report of their Lordships Proceedings relating to the horrid Popish Plot: And that the said Committee do sit de die diem.

Ordered, That Mr. Treby do give this House Information, Tomorrow Morning, of all the Matters by him reported in the last Parliament, relating to the horrid Popish Plot.

Signor Francisco de Fbeing called in, delivered, in Writing, his Information, relating to the horrid Popish Plot, by him lately given at the Bar of this House.

Tire House being informed, That one Mr. Harnage, a Linen Draper at the Naked Boy in Co-

vent Garden, did, in Breach of the Privileges of this House, commit certain Misdemeanors against the said Signor Francisco, being a Witness, produced and examined at the Bar of this House, touching the horrid Popish Plot;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Harnage be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer to this House for the same.

Air. Dug dale, being called in, delivered, in Writing,

*9

1680.

the Information relating to the librtid Popish Plot, by him lately gi ven at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dugdale do attend this House on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to make his further Discovery of the horrid Popish Plot.

Ordered, That the several Informations this Day given in to this House by Mr. Dugdale, and Signor Francisco de Ferria, be sealed up, and lodged in Mr. Speaker's Hands, for the Service of this House.

Mr: Prance, being called in, gave an Information, at

the Bar of this House, concerning the Murder of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey, and the horrid Popish Plot.

Ordered, That Mr. Prance do attend this House on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock; and bring his Evidence in Writings

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Commium. he revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the respective Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned.....Tomorrow

Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Martis, 2* die Novembris, 16*80.'

A BILL prohibiting the Importation of Cattle, LiUi Cutik Jr\. was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill he read a Second time, in a full House, after Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of John Stone Esquire, touching the Elec- Wj;lj!r,:f.ird tien for lCallingford, whs read. rjtcu.11.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of that Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill touch- Biiryinisia ing Persons buried in Woollen ..... he revived; and to sit this Afternoon at l’our of the Clock, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Glyde, a Member of this House, i.pavcof have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Absence. Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Harnage be brought to the Bar of A JMTFOU tO this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock; aUe,tl-to answer to the Misdemeanors by him committed against Signor Francisco de Ferria, in Breach of the Privileges of this House: And that the said Signor Francisco do then likewise attend this House, to maintain his Charge.

Ordered, That an humble Address be made to his Ma- AiMr«s fa jesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Ma- iJan^CIlt 1,1 jesty, That he would be pleased to grant his gracious Pardon to Mr. Dangcrjcihl; and that lie would take Mr. Dangerfcild, Mr. Dugdale, Mr. France, and Signor Francisco Ferria, into his Royal Protection and Care.

Sir Francis Wilmington, Chairman to the Committee I’opidi J'l-t.

appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords of the Two last Parliaments, and to make a Report of their Lordships Proceedings, relating to the horrid Popish Plot, acquaints the House, That the Committee had perused the said Journals, and taken an Abstract thereout:

Which he read to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee do perfect their Report of the said Abstract, taken out of the Journals of the Lords Plonse; and do present the same in Writing to this House, together with a perfect Abstract of the Journals of this House, of the Two last Parliaments, relating to the said Popish Plot.

A Petition of Mr. William Willoughby, touching the SuliaMie Election for Saltashe in the County of being

presented to the House;

The Question was put, Whether tire same shall be now read:

It

1° — Nov.

Popish Plot.

Resolutions against the Duke of York;

and for supporting the King.

Disabling the Duke of Yorke.

Trials of Peers.

Rochester

Election.

Anderson’s

Petition.

Tryals of Peers.

East

Grim stead Election.

Sal tush Election.

32 Car. II. 20 — 30 N* 045

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Treby, according to the Order of the House made Yesterday, gave an Information to the House of all the Matters by him reported in the last Parliament, relating to the horrid Popish Plot.

Resolved, Nemine contradicentThat the Duke of York's being a Papist, and the Hopes of his coming such to the Crown, hath given the greatest Countenance and Encouragement to the present Designs and Conspiracies of the Papists against the King and Protestant Religion.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That, in Defence of the King's Person' ami Government, and the Protestant Religion, this House doth declare, That they will stand by his Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes: And that if his Majesty shall come by any violent Death, which God forbid!, that they will revenge it to the utmost upon the Papists.

Resolved, That a Bill he brought in to disable the Duke of Yorke to inherit the Imperial Crown of this Realm.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and draw up such a Bill.

And it is referred to Lord Russell, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. John Trenchard, Mr Ilarbord, Mr Mr. Treby,

Mr. Poule, Colonel Birch, Sir Poultney, Mr.

Pi/kington, Sir Francis WinningMr. Bennett, Mr.

Buscawen, Sir Francis Russell, Colonel Sir

Ilotham, Sir 7 'homas Player, Mr. Hamden; or any Three

of them: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned to Eight a Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 3* die Novembris, 1680.

AMESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Wyndham, and Mr. Baron Atkins.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulating the Tryals of the Peers of England: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of did City of Rochester was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Lionel Anderson, a Popish Priest convict, in Newgate, was read.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Harbord, Sir Gilbert Gerrard, Mr. Hamden, and Mr. Lucy, do repair to Newgate;and do take the Examination of the said

Lionel Anderson.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Regulating the Tryals of the Peers of England, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning next, after Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of the Burgesses of East Grimstead in the County of Susse.r, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Bernard Grenvile and Nicolas Courtney Esquires, touching the Election of Saltashe, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Vol. IX.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare the Bill for regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, do present the said Bill to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Homage being brought to the Bar; and Signior Francisco Ferria appearing the re, and justifying his Charge against him;

Ordered, That Mr. Homage be continued in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, during the Pleasure of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of the Two last Parliaments, relating to the horrid Popish Plot, do look into, and make Report of, the Impeachments exhibited, in the Two last Parliaments, against the Lords in the Tower;and of the Proceedings thereupon: And the said Committee is to inquire into, and prepare, Evidence against the said Lords.

A Petition of Ferdinando Hudleston Esquire, touching the Election of Cumberland, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof, and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Papers delivered in by the Clerk of the House of Lords, relating to Mr. s Evidence,

taken by the Lord Chief Justice North; and also the Paper given in by Sir John Knight; be sealed up, and lodged in the Hands of Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Bill be brought in for the better Uniting of all his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects: And it is referred to Sir Samuel Bemardistov, Sir Francis Winnington, Mr. Buscawen, Colonel Birch, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Edward DSir

Mr. J ernon, Sir John Hartal), Sir John Ilotham, Mr.

Hamden, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Alderman

Love, Sir John Cloberry, Sir Francis Roll, Colonel Sir John K night, Mr. Pou le, Mr. Booth, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the same: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mr. Birth, of

Stafford, Apothecary, and Lieutenant Ft/s, be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer to the Charge given against them, at the Bar of this House, by Mr. Dugdale.

Ordered, That Herbert Herring be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hous£, for his notorious Breach of Privilege by him committed against Mr. Colt, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That Jeremiah Bubb be summoned to appear at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to answer for the Breach of Privilege by him committed against Mr. Colt, a Member of this House.

A Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle, tyc. was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Palmes, Sir William Francklin, Sir John Bcrwyer,

Lord Brandon, Mr. Thomas Foley, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Henry Thompson, Sir Henry Calverly, Sir

Mr. Vlectwood, Sir John Otway, Sir Edward Harley, Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Hotham, Sir Estcourt,

Sir Gervas Elwayes, Mr. Seymour, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Knight, Sir Trevor WilliaSir George Downing,

Mr. Ilonywood, Lord Shcrrard, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gee, Mr. Gray, Sir Sir

Marckham, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Love, Mr. Booth, Sir John Banks, Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Wynn, Mr. Trenchard, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Foley: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in die Speaker’s -Chamber: And they are to take Care to

8 A bring

Regulating

Elections.

Privilege-obstructing a Witness,

Popish Plot.

Cumberland

Election.

Bedloe’s

Evidence*

Protestant

Dissenters*

Persons to attend.

Privilege.

Irish Cattle.

Exporting

Leather.

Agmon-

clesham

Election.

Committees.

Exporting

Leather.

Answer to Address.

Scotch

Cattle.

Woollen Manufacture.

646 3* — 40 Novembris. J. 1680.

bring in a Clahse, to be added to the said Bill, declaring, That where any Irish Cattle shall be found amongst English Cattle, that all the said Cattle, as well English as Irish, shall be forfeited.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Exportation of Leather.

A Petition of Sir William Drake Knight, touching the Election for Agmondesham, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 4* (lie Novembris, 1680-

A BILL for exporting Leather, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

Mr. Secretary* Jenkins acquaints the House, That his Majesty having been attended with the Address of this House, relating to Mr. Dangcrjietd, Mr Mr.

Prance, and Signor Francisco his Majesty was

pleased to return this Answer;

That, for Mr. Danger field'sPardon, he had given

Order in Council, to his Attorney General, to draw up, and cause to pass, a Pardon to Air. Dangerfield, for all Treasons and Misprisions of Treason in concealing the same, till he discovered the same to this House, according to the Intent of his Majesty’s late Proclamation: That, as for an Allowance to Mr. Dhis Majesty w ill, at the Request of this House, consider of a reasonable Allowance for him for some time: That, as to an Allowance to Mr. Dugdale, he hath already some Allowance made him, which his Majesty will continue: That, as to Mr. Prance, his Majesty will have some Consideration of him: And, as to Signor Francisco, he hath an Allowance already granted him, at the Request of the House of Lords.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Act for Encouragement of Trade, made in the Fifteenth Year of his now' Majesty’s Reign; and to bring in a Bill for Prohibiting of Scotch Cattle at certain Seasons.

And it is referred to Sir George Sir

Fee, Sir John Fenwick, Mr. WandesJ'ord, Mr. Boscawen, Sir William Franck/j/n, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir

Anthony Irby, Mi-.. Pilkington, Sir John Trevor, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Palmes, Sir Trevor /1 il/iams, Sir Richard Graham, Mr Sir

Henry Ford, or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for a further Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture of England, by the general Wearing thereof was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Downing, Sir Eliah Harvey, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Charles Houghton, Sir Trevor Williams, Colonel Birch, Sir William Ellis, Mr. Love, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Mr.

Thistletfncayte, Lord Brandon, Lord Sir

chard Cast, Sir John Guyes, Mr. Banks, Mr

Sir John Banks, Sir John More ton, Sir Sir

John Xcwton, Mr. 77to.Foley, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Onslow, Sir Wm. Bastard,

Sir John Wynn, Mr. Buck land. Sir Wm. York, Mr. Upton, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hamden, Mr. PaAnd all that come

are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Trebyreports from the Committee of Elections New Winder

and Privileges, That the said Committee having taken into Election. Consideration the Alatter to them referred, touching the Election and Return ot Alcmbers to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsorin the County of Berks, That the Committee had agreed upon Three Resolves to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: And are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That, in the Borough of New J Vithose Inhabitants only, who pay Scotland Lot, have Right to give Voices in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That Richard JVimc Esquire, is duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor.

Resolved, That Samuel Starkey Esquire, is duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor.

c (

The First of the said Resolves being read to the House;

Resolved, upon the Question, That this House doth , agree with the Committee, That, in the Borough of Windsor, those Inhabitants only, w ho pay Scotland Lot, have Right to give Voices in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

The Second of the said Resolves being read to the House;

Resolved, upon the Question, That Richard Winwood Esquire is duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor.

The Third of the said Resolves being read to the House;

Resolved, upon the Question, That Samuel Starkey Esquire is duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Nero

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, on Saturday Morning next, with the Return for the Borough of New Windsor: And that the Mayor of the said Borough do then likew ise attend, and amend the said Return.

The House taking notice that a Petition on the Behalf Rochester of the City of Rochester, touching the Election of a Citizen Election, to serve in this present Parliament for the said City, was Yesterday read, and referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; and that the House had, before That, ordered Air. Speaker to issue out his Warrant for a new Writ for the Electing of a Alember to serve for the said City, in the room of Serjeant Burrell, deceased, w ho was returned One of the Citizens to serve for the said City in this present Parliament;

And Air. Speaker acquainting the House, That he had not as yet issued his Warrant for the said Writ;

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do forbear to issue out his Warrant for such Writ, until the Alatter contained in the said Petition be determined.

Air. Harbord reports from the Committee appointed Examination to examine Lionel Anderson, a Priest convict, in Newgate, of Anderson. That the Committee had taken his Examination: \\ hich he read to the House.

And several Debates arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the said Committee do make a further Examination of the whole Alatter debated in the House, relating to the said Report: And they are impoviered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, touching the same Alatter.

A Bill to disable James Duke of Yorkc to inherit the Disabling the Imperial Crown of England and Ireland, and the l)o- l>uke of minions thereto belonging, was read the First time. 0lke-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Saturday Aloming next, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the 4»00r Laws. Laws that are in Being concerning the Alaintenance of the

Poor.

0.

3 2 Car. II. 4°-"~5° — 6° — 8°

647

% l'to tia; the fDt t!ie

'oa

f.e

in

se

ia

ly

k

en

iC

to

9i nt

fM.

r,-r:

for I"

Westminster

Election.

The House g h* to Church.

Poor; and to bring in a Bill or Bills for regulating and preventing the Increase of the Poor in this Kingdom.

And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Sir Edward Harley, Serjeant Rigby, Sir John Banks, Sir Roger Hill, Sir John Baggy Sir IVm. Bastardy Sir Matthew Andrexcs, Sir Gervas Elwayes, Mr. Papillon, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. Arthur Onslowy Sir RowlandGwynn, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Colt, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Stroud, Sir John Otway, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Bond, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Trevor JViUiams, Mr. Vernon, Sir Francis Rolls, Sir Hen. Calmer ly; or any Three of them: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Philip Mathews, touching the Election for /1 estminster, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Aiatter thereof; and to be heard at the same time that Sir William Wallers, Petition is to be heard, at the Committee of Elections and Privileges; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning,

7 eneris, 5° die Novembris, 1680.

TII E House being met, in Order to go to St. Margarets Church;

Adjourned to Eiejit of the Clock Tomorrow

~ . o

Morning.

o

New Windsor

Return

amended*

Dr. Dove thanked.

Gunpowder

Plot.

Procestdnt

Dissenters.

Sabbat i, G* die Novembris, 1G80.

THE Clerk of the Crown, and the Mayor of New Windsor, being called in, did amend the Return for the said Borough, by taking oft the Indenture, whereby John Cary and John Pott net Esquires were returned.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Dove, for his Sermon Yesterday preached before this House at St. Margaret's: And that he be desired to print the same: And Mr. Speaker is desired to acquaint him with the Desire of the House to print his Sermon.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Law concerning the anniversary Reading of the Narrative of the Gunpowder Plot, in Churches, on every Fifth Day of November; and to report the same to this House.

And it is referred to Sir 1'ho. Player, Mr.

Sir John Ilotham, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Henley, Sir I'r. Winnington, Mr. While, Mr. Mr.

If entti orih, Mr. Colt, Sir Jona.Kent, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Edward Harley, Mr. Trenchard; or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Racked, Nanine contradicente, That it is the Opinion of this House, That the Acts of Parliament, made in the Reigns of Queen Elizabeth and King James, against Popish Recusants, ought not to be extended against Protestant Dissenters.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for the Repeal of all or any Part of the Act of Parliament made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, Cap. 1°, printed in the Statute Book of Pulton.

And it is referred to Mr. Sa Mr. Hamden, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Titus, Mr.

Sir Thomas Lee, ‘Sir George Hungerford, Sir Henry Sir William Poultney, Mr. Love, Sir Brookes, Sir

Samuel Bcrnardiston, Mr. Upton, Mr. Backland, Mr.

Colt, or any Three of them, to prepare the same: And they Vol. IX.

are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for Exporting of Cloth, and other Woollen Exporting Manufactures, into Turkey, was read the Fir$t time. Cloth,

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for prohibiting Irish Cattle, the Importation of Irish Cattle be made on Monday Morning next.

Mr. Jamison being called in, gave his Information, at Popish Plot, the Bar, relating to the horrid Popish Plot.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennison do put his Information in Writing; and present the same to the House on Morning next.

A Bill to disable James Duke of Yorke to inherit the Disabling the Imperial Crown of England and Ireland, and the Domi- Dr"ke of

nions thereunto belonging, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente.That it be an In-

struction to the said Committee, That the Exclusion in the said Bill do extend to the Person of the Duke of York only.

Resolved, That this House do resolve into a Committee of the whole House, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to proceed to the Consideration of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned to Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock*

Lunev, 8° die Novembris, 1680.

A PETITION of the Turkey Company, was read. Turkey Ordered, That the said Petition be referred, upon Company, the Debate of the House, to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, by the general Wearing thereof, is referred; to examine the Aiatter of the said Petition; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House:

And the said Committee is impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough Montgomery of Poole, in the County of Montgomery, touching the Election. Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire Town of Montgomery, was read.

And a Debate arising in the House, Whether the said Petition be exhibited within the Time prefixed by the Orders of this House;

The Question being put, Whether the said Petition shall be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers [Sir Jolin recor, lelle's’\Mr. Dutton Colt,

rp , (Sir Trevor IYil/iams,

lellers’lSir John

for the Yeas, for the Noes,

67.

140.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee to whom i Cattle, the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle, was committed, several Amendments and Clauses, agreed by the said Committee to be made and added to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being twice read, they were, with some Amendments made at the Clerk’s Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill, with the Amendments and Clauses agreed to, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That one William Chilly Privilege —

is summoned to appear as a Witness before the Committee Arrest of

of Witness.

S’ — 90 Novetnbris. A, 1680.

of Elections and Privileges, in the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of , in the County of Surrey, is arrested, and detained in the Prison of the Fleet, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said William Chitty be forthwith discharged of his Imprisonment: And it is referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges, to examine the Matter of the said Breach of Privilege; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Privilege. Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Pagett be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer for the notorious Misdemeanor by him committed against the Privilege of this House.

Conference — A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Atkins and

Popish Plot Mr. Baron Gregory;

» Ireland. Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, to impart to this House several Exaimations relating to the Popish Plot in Inland.

The Messengers being withdrawn;

tn o

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber,

«s is desired.

The Messengers being called in;

Mr. Speaker acquaints them, That the House agreed to meet the Lords at a present Conference, as desired by the I/jrds.

Resolved, That Air. Hamden, Mr. Colonel

Birch, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Air. Foley,

Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Titus, Mr. Air.

chard, Sir Tho. Player, Sir Hen. Capell, Air.

Air. Colt, Sir John TrevoAir. Sir Richard

Temple, do attend and manage the said Conference.

Air. Hamden reports from the said Conference, That the same was managed by the Lord Privy Seal: And that his Lordship did then deliver to them several Examinations in Writing, relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland, contained in Seven several Parcels of Papers: Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic: And further reported, That his Lordship acquainted them, That all other Papers, in the Custody of the Clerk, belonging to their House, relating to the Popish Plot, Should be delivered to the Clerk of this House, he giving Acquittance for the same.

Ordered, That the several Papers, now delivered in at tire Clerk's Table, be read Tomorrow Alorning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Air. Hethrington do attend this House Tomorrow Alorning, at Ten of the Clock, to give in his Information relating to tire horrid Popish Plot.

Privilege — A Petition of Sir Robert Knight and Baronet, Petition from now Prisoner in the was read; whereby he ac-

the Tower. knowledges his Offence; and begs the Pardon of the House, and to be released from his Imprisonment.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cann be discharged from his Imprisonment: And that Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant for the Doing thereof.

Disabling the The House then resolved into a Committee of tire Duke of whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill \orke. to disable James Duke of Yorke to inherit the Imperial Crown of England and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.-, Sir William Poultney took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Poultney humbly moved, from the said Committee of the whole House, That the House would be pleased to order the Serjeant at Arms to go into the Hall, and the Court of Requests; and to require the immediate Attendance of such Members of the House, as are of the Long Robe, and all other the Alembers of the House: And that the House would then resolve again into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the said Bill,

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go into the Members £ Hall, and the Court of Requests; and do require all the summoned.

Members of the Long Robe, and all other the Alembers of the House, to give their immediate Attendance on the Service of this House.

Resolved, That this House do now resolve into a Com- Disabling tte mittee of the whole House, to proceed further in the D«ke of

Consideration of the said Bill. Yorke. a

Air. Speaker left the Chair. f

Sir William Poultney took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Poultney reports from the Committee of the whole House, that the said Committee had taken into Consideration the said Bill, and other the Alatters to them referred; and had agreed upon an Amendment to be made, and a Clause to be added, to the said Bill:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same were twice read; and, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

An Amendment being proposed to be made at the Table in the said Bill, by filling up the Blanks in the Eleventh Line of the Third Page of the said Bill; the First, with the Word "Fifth;" the Second, with the W;ords " November in the Year of our Lord God One thousand " Six hundred and Eightywas, upon the Question, agreed to.

A Clause being tendered to be added to the said Bill; rx

and read to the House; and several Amendments being

made therein;

Resolved, That the said Clause, so amended, be added to the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the said several Clauses and Amendments, be injirossed.

7 O

Ordered, That Air. Jennison do attend this House To- a person s morrow Alorning at Ten of the Clock, with his Evidence attend, in Whiting,

Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, Committees, be revived; and do meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Alorning.

O

Martis, 9° die Novcmhris, 1680.

Prayers.

ARD ERE D, That all Committees that are dis- Commiuj«. continued, be revived; and do meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in their respective Places, formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Alembers of this House, that serve Burying in for the Counties of Gloucester, Monmouth, Hereford, Woollen. Worcester, Wills, Suff olk, Notfolk, North Wales, South Wales, and the several Northern Counties, be added to the Committee to whom the additional Bill touching Persons buried in Woollen, stands committed.

A Petition of the Alaster, Wardens, and Assistants of \v00iien the Company of Silkthrowers, London, w as read. Manufacture.

Onkred, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, by the general Wearing thereof, is committed; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to this House.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Silk Weavers, London, was read.

And the Question being Whether, the said Petition Should be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures by the general Wearing thereof, stands committed;

It passed, after a long Debate, in the Negative.

16 Resolved,

h*.

(z.

F:T"'

\i Atli

East India Company.

Message for

expediting

Business,

Entry id Journal.

Privilege.

Popish Plot.

Address for Pardon of

Dangcrfcild,

&c.

3 2 Car. II. 90 — 10° Novembris.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Grand Committee for Trade: And they are to proceed upon the same in the First place: And they are then likewise to consider of the present State of the East India Company; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Mr. Secretaryacquaints the House, Thathehad a Message to deliver from his Majesty to this House.

And the same being by him delivered in Writing, to Mr. Speaker, was read to the House by Mr. Speaker: And is as followeth;

HIS Majesty desires this House, as well for the Satisfaction of His People, as of Himself, to expedite such Matters as are depending before them, relating to Popery, and the Plot; and would have them rest assured, That all Remedies they can tender to His Majesty conducing to those Ends, shall be very acceptable to Him; provided they be such as may consist with preserving the Succession of the Crown in its due and legal Course of Descent.

Mr. Hamden acquaints the House, That, in the Entry made in the Journal of this House, of the Report by him Yesterday made, from the Conference had with the Lords, it appears, That in that Part of his Report, which relates to the Delivery of such Papers relating to the Plot, to the Clerk of this House, there is an Omission of these Words, " received from the Clerks of the Council."

Ordered, That the said Words be added in the Entry of the said Report in the Journal.

others, that have ot shall give Evidence relating to the Popish Plot.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Player, Sir Fra. nington, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Coll, Mr. Trenchard, Sir William Jones, Colonel Birch, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Dubois, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Nicolas Carerw, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Barker, Mr. Harbord, Sir Robert Howard, Sir Irby, Sir Fraticis

Russell, Mr. Treby; or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of the Two last Parliaments, and to make a Report of their Proceedings, as well relating to the Popish Plot, as of the Impeachment against the Lords in the Tower, do present their Report on Thursday Morning next, in Writing.

Ordered, That Mr. Treby do, on Thursday Morning next, present to the House, in Writing, the Information by him lately given tp this House, of the Matters by him reported in the last Parliament, relating to the horrid Popish Plot.

Ordered, That Richard Thompson Clerk be sent for in Privilege. Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer at the Bar of this House, for his high Misdemeanor against the Privilege of this House.

The Information of Mr. Murphy, relating to the Popish Popish Plot Plot in Ireland, being read; in Ireland*

Ordered, That Mr. Iletherington do attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to give his Evidence relating to the said Plot.

Ordered, That the rest of the Papers relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland, now in the Hands of the Clerk of this House, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Janeway be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer, at the Bar of this House, for the Breach of Privilege by him committed against Sir Edward Deering, a Member of this House.

Mr. Turbervile being called in, gave Information, at the Bar of this House, of the horrid Popish Plot; and delivered the same in, in Writing.

Mr. Jennison being called in, delivered his Information, formerly given at the Bar of this House, in Writing.

Mr.Dai/gaJeild being called in, acquainted the House, That he was advised, that the Pardon now granted to him by his Majesty, is, in some Particulars, defective and humbly desired this House to represent the same to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an humble Application be made from this House to his Majesty, by such of the Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, desiring his Majesty to grant to Mr. Danger-Jei/d, a full and general Pardon of all Treasons, Misprision of Treasons, Felonies, and other Crimes and Misdemeanors by him committed, to the Time of his last Discovery, made to this House, of the Popish Plot: And that His Majesty would in like Manner be graciously pleased to grant to Mr. Edward who hath this

Day given Evidence at the Bar of this House, relating to the horrid Popish Plot, a full and general Pardon: And that his Majesty would be pleased to take him under his Royal Protection and Care, and grant him some Allowance for his Subsistence.

Ordered, That all the Informations already given in at the Bar of this House, in Writing, relating to the Popish Plot, be entered upon the Journal of this House: And that all the said Informations be printed, being first perused and signed by Mr. Speaker: And that Mr. Speaker nominate and appoint the Persons to print the same: And that Mr. Dangerfeild have the Benefit of the Printing the said Information.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of Means to preserve the Evidence of Mr. Bed low, and Vo L.IX.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 10° die Novembris, 1680.

Prayers.

/Y RDERED, That Mr. Speaker have Leave to go to the Common Pleas Bar, to suffer a Common Recovery, in which he is concerned.

A Bill for regulating the Elections of Members to serve in the Commons House of Parliament, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Leave for

Mr. Speake#

to attend

Common

Pleas.

Regulating

Elections.

An ingrossed Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle. Cattle from Ireland, was read a Third time.

And a Clause being tendered to be added to the said Bill 5 and orfee read;

The Question was put, That the said Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Proviso being tendered to be added to the said Bill; and twice read at the Table; and some Amendments being made to the same; and the said Proviso, so amended, being read a Third Time;

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being tendered to be added to the said Bill; and twice read;

The Question being put, Whether the said Clause be read a Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevor do carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

SB A Message

650

i a

ri'

Novembrs.

A. 168a.

Sending Papists from London,&c.

A'Message from the Lords, by the Lotd Chief Baron’ bauchery in the Election of Members to serve in the Montague and Mr. Baron Atkins; Commons House of Parliament, was read the First time.

Mr/speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time on quaint you, That they haw passed an Act for freeing the Monday Morning next: And that the Bill for regulating City of London, and his Majesty’s Court, and Parts adja- Momhors tn Sf.rv*.m th* r.nmmnm H,c»

cent, from'Popish Inhabitantsand providing against other Dangers which rrtay arise from Papists: To which their Lordships d'eshe the Concurrence of this House.

Elections of Members to serve in the Commons House of Parliament be read at the same Time.

Address on

King's

Message.

The House taking; into Consideration' his Majesty’s Gracious Message, now read to tire House;

And'a’Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved,-Neiiiirie coutradieentc, That a Committee be appointed td draw up ah humble Address to his Majesty, upon the Debath of the House, in Answer to his Majesty’s Gracious Message.

And it is referred to Sir William Jones, Mr. Hamden, ColOnOl Birc/c, Mh Bbstatren, Serjeant Air. Trenchard, Sir JohiiOtway, Lord Russell, Mr. Montague, Sir Francis Wilmington-, Colonel Titus, Mr. Sache-

verell, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Hnrbord, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Powlc, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Robert Howard, Serjeant

Air. Treby reports from the Committee of Elections llaslemtn and Privileges, That the said Committee, having taken Election, into Consideration the Alatter of the Election and Return for the Borough of Haslemere in the County of Surry; that the Committee had agreed upon Three Resolves to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place: And are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That Sir William Moore Baronet is not duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere in the County of Surry.

Resolved, That Denzill Onslow Esquire is duly chosen for the same.

Resolved, Thai Francis Dorington Esquire is duly chosen for the same.

He further reported, That it did appear to the said

Maynard, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up Committee, that Raplcy, Bailiff of the said Bo-

lllC Anti fltPtr ard In itipp! at 'l lirpn g\4 flip Plnplr _i. r rr 1 i* 1 mi .* Ai A..__

Lord

Stafford’s

Impeach*

xnent.

the same: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, Ni mine coniradicente, That this House will proceed in the Prosecution of the Lords in the Toner: And will forthwith begin with William Viscount Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir William Jones be added to the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of the Two last Parliaments, relating to the Popish Plot, and the Impeachments of the Lords in the Tower: And the said Committee i^ to sit de die in diem.

Answer to

Address.

Mr. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That, according to the Order of the House Yesterday made, his Majesty had been attended in Council with the Address of this House: And that his Majesty was pleased to return

rough of Haslemere, did, upon the Thirtieth of August 1679, when the EWetion of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough was made, freely and openly declare and proclaim, That Sir William Moore, and Denzil Onslow Esquire, were duly chosen Burgesses for the said Borough; and did sign and seal an Indenture purporting their said Election: But, about Three Weeks after that Time, he did sign and seal an Indenture purporting, That the said Sir William Moore Baronet, and James Gresham Esquire, were duly chosen Burgesses for the said Borough: Both which Indentures he delivered to the Sheriff, to be returned into the High Court of Chan-

eery: And they were accordingly returned. And the said Bailiff, being examined by the Committee, and interrogated, Why he did make and return the said latter Indenture, said, He did it at the Instance of the siid Air.

this Answer; lhat as to the Pardon ot Mr. Dangerfeild,; who informed him, There was no Danger in so it Should be not only for all Treasons, Misprisions of Trea- doing; and would not, nor did give any other Answer or son, but also for all Felonies, Outlaw ries, and Misdemcan- Account concerning the same.

BedW’s

Papers.

Cricklade

Writ.

ors whatsoever: And that he would grant the like Pardon to Air. Turbeville; and will consider of an Allowance for

his Maintenance.

Ordered, That the Trunk of Papers belonging to Air. Bedloe's Widow, be committed to the Custody of Sir Thomas Player, for the Service of this House.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Alorning.

.Toils, 11* die Novembris, 1680 Prayers.

n RDERED, That Air. Speaker do issue out his

Which Report being delivered in at the Clerk’sTable; Tiie First of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir William Moore Baronet is not duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere in the County of Surrey.

The Second of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Denzil Onslow Esquire is duly chosen for the same.

And the last of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the

' c

Committee, That Francis Dorington Esquire is duly chosen for the same.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown, and the Bailiff of the Borough of Haslemere, do attend the House Tomorrow Alorning at Ten of the Clock, to amend the said Return.

Ordered, That William Rapley, Bailiff of the said Bo-

Privilege — A person discharged.

Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Alember to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts, in the room of Hungerford Dunch rough of Haslemere, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant Esquire, deceased. at Arms attending this House, to answer, at the Bar of this

House, for the Misdemeanors by him committed in the A Petition of Air. Richard Harnage, in Custody of the Election and Return of Alembers to serve in this present Serjeant at Arms, was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Harnage be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, paying his Fees.

.1

ScotcbCattle.

A Bill against the Importation of Scotch Cattle being presented to the House;

The Question being put, That the said Bill be now read;

It passed in the Negative

bribery at Lkctiona.

A Bill to prevent the Offences of Bribery and De-20

Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere.

Ordered, That Air. Turberville and Air. Jcnnison have information! the Leave of this House to print their several Informa- to be primed, tiens relating to the horrid Popish Plot.

Ordered, That an humble Addrss be made to his Ala- Address for jesty, by such Alembers of this House as are of his Ala- Pardon of jesty’s riiost honourable Privy Council, for a full Pardon Jenms0B-to Mr Jennisonof all Treasons, and Misprisions of Treason, and other Misdemeanors by him committed, to the Time of the Discovery, made by him to the House, of the horrid Popish Plot.

Mr.

Popish Plot

in Ireland.

Address oo King's Message.

3 2 Car. II. i iV — 12°

Mr. Hetherington, Mr. Murphy, Mr. John Fitzgerald, being called in, made a Discovery, at the Bar, of the Popish Plot in Ireland: And Mr. John Fitzgerald delivered his Information in Writing.

Mr. Devoid Fitzgerald, being likewise called in, gave his Information, at the Bar, relating to the Plot

Ordered, That all the Witnesses touching the Popish Plot in Ireland, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the original Paper of the Heads of Mr. David Fitzgerald's Information, now in the Hands of the Clerk of this House, be returned to the Clerk of the Lords House, he giving a Receipt for the same.

Sir William Jones reports from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address to his Majesty upon the Debate of the House, in Answer to his Majesty’s Gracious Message, An Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, was, upon the Question, agreed to by the House: And is as followeth;

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most Loyal and Obedient Subjects, the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration, Your Majesty's Gracious Message, brought unto us the Ninth Day of this Instant November by Mr. Secretary Jenkins,

do, with all Thankfulness, acknowledge Your Majesty’s Care and Goodness in inviting us to expedite such Alatters as are depending before us, relating to Popery and the Plot: And we do, in all Humility, represent it to Your Majesty, That we are fully convinced. That it is highly incumbent upon us, in Discharge both of our Duty to Your Majesty, and of that great Trust reposed in us by those whom we represent, to endeavour by the most speedy and effectual Ways, the Suppression of Popery within this Your Kingdom; and the Bringing to publick Justice all such as shall be found guilty of the horrid and damnable Popish Plot: And though the Time of our Sitting, abating what must necessarily be spent in the Choosing and Presenting a Speaker, appointing Grand Committees, and in taking the Oaths and Tests, injoined by Act of Parliament; hath not much exceeded a Fortnight; yet we have, in this time, not only made a considerable Progress in some Things, which to us seem, and when presented to Your Majesty in a Parliamentary Way, will, we trust, appear to your Majesty, to be absolutely necessary for the Safety of your Majesty's Person, the effectual Suppression of Popery, and' the Security of the Religion, Lives, and Estates of Your Majesty’s Protestant Subjects; but, even in relation to the Tryals of the Five Lords, impeached in Parliament, for the execrable Popish Plot, we have so far proceeded, as we doubt not but, in a Short time, we shall be ready for the same: But we cannot, without being unfaithful to Your Majesty, and to our Countries, by whom we are intrusted, omit upon this Occasion, humbly to inform Your Majesty, That our Difficulties, even as to these Tryals, are much increased by the evil and destructive Counsels of those Persons who advised Your Majesty first to the Prorogation, and then to the Dissolution of the last Parliament, at a time when the Commons had taken great Pains about, and were prepared for, those Tryals; and by the like pernicious Counsels of those who advised the many and long Prorogations of the present Parliament, before the same was permitted to sit; whereby some of the Evidence, which was prepared in the last Parliament, may possibly, during so long an Interval, be forgotten or lost; and some Persons who might probably have come in as Witnesses, are either dead, have been taken off, or may have been discouraged from giving their Evidence: But of One mischievous Consequence of those dangerous and unhappy Counsels we are certainly and sadly sensible; namely, That the Testimony of a material Witness against every of those Five Lords, and who could probably have discovered and brought in much other Evidence about the Plot in general, and those Lords in particular, cannot Vol. IX,

Novembrif. 6$ i

now be given viva voce; forasmuch as that Witness is unfortunately dead between the Calling and the Sitting of this Parliament.

To prevent the like or greater Inconveniencies for the future, \Vre make it our most humble Request to Your Excellent Majesty, That, as you tender the Safety of Your Royal Person, the Security of Your Loyal Subjects, and the Preservation of the true Protestant Religion, You will not suffer Yourself to be prevailed upon by the like Counsels, to do any thing which may occasion, in Consequence, though we are assured never with your Majesty’s Intention, either the Deferring of a full and perfect Discovery and Examination of this most wicked and detestable Plot; or the Preventing the Conspirators, therein from being brought to speedy and exemplary.

Justice and Punishment: And we humbly beseech Your Majesty to rest assured, notwithstanding any Suggestions which may be made by Persons, who, for their own wicked Purposes, contrive to create a Distrust, in Your Majesty, of Your People, That nothing is more in the Desires, and shall be more the Endeavours of us Your Faithful and Loyal Commons, than the Promoting and Advancing of Your Majesty’s true Happiness and Greatness.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, be desired to know his Majesty's Pleasure, "When this House shall attend him with the said Address.

An ingrossed Bill to disable James Duke of Yorke to Disabling inherit the Imperial Crown of England and Ireland, was th» Duk* o. read a Third Time. Yorks.

Resolved, That this Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Securing the Protestant Religion, by disabling James Duke of Yorke to inherit the Imperial Crown of England and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging.

Ordered, That the Lord Russell do carry up this Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 12* die Novembris, 1680.

Pra YKUS.

AP E TITIO N of Sir Robert Yeomans, in Custody Privilege — of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was Petition from read. a person in

Ordered, That Sir Robert Yeamarn be brought to the CU3U>dy'

Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of Richard Janczvay, in Custody of the Ditto Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That the said Richard Janeway be brought-to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Removing Act for freeing tire City of London and his Majesty’s PaPl*to-Court, and Parts adjacent, from Popish Inhabitants; and providing against other Dangers which may arise from Papists; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be. read a Second time after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

The Clerk of the Crown, and the Bailiff of the Bo- Hademer* rough of Haslemere in the County of Surrey, being called in, amended the Return for the said Borough, by taking off the Indenture, whereby Sir William Moore Baronet, and James Gresham Esquire, were returned; and by razing out the Name of Sir William Moore, and inserting the Name of Francis Dorington Esquire, in the other Indenture.

Mr. Hobart Bourck, Mr. Thomas Samson, Mr. John Popish Plot Macnamarra, and Eustace Coning, being severally called in Ireland.

in,

65

id," — 13* Novembris.

A. 1680;

in, gave an Account of some Proceedings relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland;

Ordered, That Mr. Samson and Mr. do

put in Writing their further Informations relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland, besides what they have already delivered at the House of Lords, and which are transmitted to this House: And that they do present the same to the House on Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty to grant a full and effectual Pardon to Edmund

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Committee be revived; and do sit in the respective Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 13* die Novembris, 1680.

Prayers.

i 3

Murphy, Hobart Bourck, Thomas Samson, John Mac- PETITION of Richard Whitehead Esquire, Linningto#

namarra, John Fitzgerald, and Eustace Coning, who touching the Election for the Borough Election,

have made considerable Discovery to this House of the ton in the County of Southampton, was read.

Popish Plot in Ireland, for all Treasons, Misprisions of That the said Petition be referred to the

Treason, Crimes and Offences by them committed, to Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Pri-the Time of their making their respective Discoveries vileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report to this House: And that his Majesty would likewise be the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House, pleased to take them under his Royal Protection and Care.-

Mr. David Fitzgeraldbein. called in, gave in a farther in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns, PriviU-

Information to the House, relating to the Popish Plot m bd caUed in, acquainted the Home, Thai the Pamphlet Litaui 1 e an by him published, for which he stands committed, was Plication.

lord Staf- Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Printed by Everingham, and Thomas

ford’s Im- acquaint them with the Resolution of this House to Samucll Lee, and Thomas Symonds, Stationers;

peachment, proceed to the Tryal of the in the Tower; and an(!lhat the CoPy by which the same was printed, was

forthwith begin with William Viscount Stafford; and to delivered by Mr. Andrew I

desire their Lordships to appoint a convenient Day for Ordered, That Mr. Yarington, Mr. James, Mr. Ever-the Tryal of the said William Viscount Stafford; and Air. Mr. Symonds, and Mr. Lee, be

likewise to desire their Lordships, that the Lords in the summoned to attend at the Bar of this House, on Monday Tower may be confined, and kept from holding Cor- Morning next, at 3 en of the Clock; to answ’er the said respondence with one another, as Persons impeached and committed for High Treason by Law ought to be: And that Sir William Jones do go up with this Message to the Lords.

Charge to the House concerning Printing and Publishing of the said Pamphlet.

Address for Papers.

Ixmpeach-ments of Lords in the Tower,

Air. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That such Answers ta Sir Francis Winninglonreported, and delivered in at Alembers thereof, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Addresses,

the Clerk's Table, the Abstracts of the Proceedings of Privy Council, had attended his Majesty, pursuant to the the Two last Parliaments, as well relating to the Popish l ive several Orders of Address from this House to his Plot, as to the Impeachments against the Lords in the Majesty: And that his Majesty’s Answer to the several Toner. Addresses was to this effect;

Ordered, That the Report now delivered in, be read I hat, as to the First Address, whereby the House

Tomorrow Aloming. desired to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, When this

Sir William Jones acquaints the House, That he had, House Should attend him, his Majesty was pleased, in according to the Order of the House, attended the Lords Answer thereto, to appoint Three of the Clock this with the Message: And that their Lordships were pleased Afternoon for the House to attend him in the Banqueting to return Answer to him to this effect; viz. House.

That, as to that Part of the Alessage relating to That as to the Second Address, whereby this House the Confinement of the Lords, and their Correspondence, did make humble Application to his Majesty for the they had already given Order therein, as desired by Pardon of Air. his Majesty was pleased to

this House. answer, That he would grant him a Pardon for all

That, as to the other Part of the Alessage relating to Treasons, Alisprisions of Treason, Felonies, and Out-the Appointing of a Day for the Trial of William Viscount lawries for Felony.

~ That, as to the Third Address, relating to Aloney to

defray the incident Charges in the Prosecution of the Tryals of the Lords in the his Majesty was pleased

to answer, That he had directed a Hundred Pound to be issued out to such Person as is or shall be appointed by this House for that Purpose.

That, as to the Fourth Address, desiring that all such Papers, Letters, Examinations, Writings and other Evidences relating to the Popish Plot, as were delivered in to the Clerks of the Council since the Dissolution of the last Parliament, might be transmitted to this House, his Majesty was pleased to return this Answer; That, upon the First Sitting of the Committee of Examinations

Stafford, their Lordships have appointed Tuesday come Fortnight for the said Tryal.

Ordered, That a further Address be made to his Majesty, by such Alembers of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, humbly to desire his Majesty, That all Papers, Letters, Examinations, Writings, and other Evidences relating to the horrid Popish Plot, which have been delivered in to the Clerks of the Council, or Secretaries of State, since the Dissolution of the last Parliament, may be transmitted to the House.

Ordered, That Air. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. George Pelham, and Mr. Paul Foley, he added to the Committee of the House of Lords upon the Plot, his Majesty had appointed to prepare Evidence against the Lords in the directed all such Papers, Letters, Examinations, Writings, Tower. and other Evidences relating to the Plot, as were de-

Ordered, That an humble Address be made to his livered in to the Clerks of the Council since the Dissolu- Majesty, by such Alembers of this House as are of his tien of the last Parliament, to be transmitted to the said Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Committee of Lords, where they still remain.

Majesty to give Order for the issuing out a Sum of That, as to the last Address, desiring a Pardon for Aloney, for defraying the Charges of summoning the Edmund Murphy, , John Macnamarra,

Witnesses, and other Expences incident in the Prosecu- Hobart and Eustace Coning,

tien and Tryals of the Lords in the Tower. his Majesty was pleased to answer, That he would grant

Ordered, That such Aloney as his Majesty shall be a Pardon to all the said several Persons, for all Treasons, pleased to direct to be issued for the Uses aforesaid, be Alisprisions of Treason, l elonies, and Outlawries for deposited in the Hands of Air. Charles Clare. Felony.

Ordered,

Paving Streets, &c.

Privilege — Arrest of a Witness.

Privilege — A person discharged.

Popish Plot,

3 2 Car. II. 130- — 15* N. 653

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Laws concerning Paving and Repairing of the Streets, and Regulating of Hackney Coaches; and to inquire into the Proceedings of the last Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House; and to prepare and bring in a Bill for regulating of Hackney Cdaches, Repairing, Paving, and Cleansing of Streets, and Opening of Passages in and about the Cities of London and Westminster.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Love, Colonel

Birch, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Antk. Irby, Mr. Stroude, Sir

John Moreton, Sir John Wynne, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. John Trenchard, Sir George Downing, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Davyes, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Mr. George

Pelham, Mr. Duboys, M t. SacheveSir Sir Samuel Remardiston, Sir William Sir Thomas

Clarges, Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Slaughter, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. White, Sir Henry Sir Roger Hill;

and all the Members that serve for London, Westminster, Southwark, and Middlesex; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed. That Mr. Thomas Dare, who is a Witness in the Matter touching the Election of Taunton Dean in the County of which is, by

Order of the House, to be heard at the Bar next Friday Severmight, is a Prisoner in Execution at the Suit of the King, upon an Information for certain Misdemeanors;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Thomas Dare be brought in Custody of the Sheriff of the said County of Somersett, to give in his Evidence at the Bar of this House, touching the Election aforesaid.

Sir Robert Yeamans being, according to the Order Yesterday made, brought to the Bar of this House, did acknowledge the Offence by him committed; and humbly begged the Pardon of the House.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That Sir Robert Yeamans be again brought to the Bar of this House; and do receive the Censure of this House, upon his Knees, from Mr. Speaker; and be then discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

And Sir Robert Yeamans being accordingly brought to the Bar, and there kneeling, Sir. Speaker, alter having given him the Censure of the House, acquainted him, That he was discharged, paying his Fees.

Mr. Norris being called in, gave an Information, in Writing, relating to the Popish Plot: Which was read at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to receive Informations concerning die Popish Plot; and to inquire into the same; and to report the same to the House, as often as they shall see Occasion.

And it is referred to Colonel Birch, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Robert Clayton, Mi*. BMV. Spencer, Sir Gervas Elwes, Mr. Barker, Sir' Francis Rods, Mr. Foley, Hol'd Russell, Sir John Wynne, Sir. Conisby, Sir Robert Henley, Sir. Colt, Sir John Moreton, Sir. Mostin, Mr. Chajvn, Sir Robert Markham, Sir: Paul Foley, Sir

Bemardiston, Mr. Powle, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Sir Thomas Player, Sir. While, Lord 'Brandon, Sir Richard Corbett,

Sir Rowland Grwyrmv, Sir Roger Hill, Colonel' Whitley, Sir Edward1 Harley, Sir Trevor Williams', Sir John Coventry, Sir. Hamden, Sir Hen. Calverly; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are im-poiTered tb send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And that the Information, this Day given at the Bar by Mr. Norris, be referred' to the Consideration of the said CommitteC'. Who are to examine the Matter thereof and to report' the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Vat. IX.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Tirhothy Baldwin Irish Cattle, and Sir John Hoskins;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded uS to acquaint you. That they have agreed to the Bill sent from this House, intituled, An Act prohibiting the Importation of Cattle from Ireland, without any Amendment.-

Ordered, That the Report made and delivered in Report Yesterday, by Sir Francis WtntdngUtn, be read to the deferred. House on Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Trenchard reports from the Committee to whom Right of Pe-the Petition of divers Citizens of London, against Sir titioning — George Jefferyes, Recorder of the said City, was referred,

That the said Committee had taken the same into Consi- o^Jefferyes. deration; and had heard the Evidence of the Petitioners) and of the said Sir George Jeffetyes; and had agreed upon a Vote to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That this Committee is of Opinion, That, by the Evidence given to this Committee, it does appear,

That Sir Geo/'ge Jefferyes, Recorder of the City of London, by traducing and obstructing Petitioning for the Sitting of this Parliament, hath betrayed the Rights of toe Subject.

The said Vote being read to the House;

And several of the Members having given Evidence in their Places touching the same Matter;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir George Jefferyesy by traducing and obstructing Petitioning for the Sitting of this Parliament, hath betrayed the Right of the Subject.

Ordered, That an humble Address be made to his Address for Majesty, to remove Sir George Jefferyes out of all hi# Removal, publick Offices.

And it is referred to Sir William Jones, Mr. Sacheverell,

Mr. John Trenchard, Sir Robert Clay ton, Sit John Trevor,

Sir Thomas Player, Lord Russell, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Treby, Lord Brandon, Mr. Booth,

Sir Francis Winnington, Mr. FoleyMr. Sir Robert Dillinpon, Sir Henry Capctl, Colonel Titus, Mr.

Palmes, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Mr. Poidc, Mr. Love, Colonel Birch, Sir John Moreton, Sir Rickard Corbett, Mr.

Dubois, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Henry CalverlyMr. Vernon, Mr. Boscaxven, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the 6ame: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, that serve Vote to be for the City of London, do communicate the Vote of this communi-House relating to Sir George Jefferyes, together with 5?ted to the their Resolutions thereupon, to the Court of Aldermen 1 y’ for the said City.

Ordered, That the Committee last mentioned do in- Proclama-quire into all such Persons as have been advising of tio1? promoting of the Issuing out of the late Proclamation, Pet‘tlomn.?-styled, " A Proclamation against tumultuous Petitioning," &;c.: And they are impowered to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned to Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

«"« - — i. ifh i. i i . ii fru lit . 4 n*

Lima, 15° die Novembris, 1680.

P a A V E llS.

A BILL against the Importation of Cattle from Scotch Scotland, was read the First time. Cattle.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time on Saturday Meaning, next, at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Treby reports from the Committee of Elections Westminster and Privileges, That the Committee had taken into Consi- Election, deration the Matter touching the Election and Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the City

8 C of

654

150 Novembris.

A. 1680.

of Westminster; and had agreed on Four Resolves: nard, Mr. Barker, Sir Wm. Roberts, Mr. Harbord, Sir

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the John Mr. Gray, Sir Anthony Irby, Mr. same in at the Clerk’s Table; and are as followeth; ton. Sir Sir Samuel Sir

Resolved, That the King's menial Servants, not havina Gilbert Gerald, Sir Henry Cupel I, Mr. Mr.

proper Houses of their own within the City of Westmin-Duboys, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Raul Foley, Sir Thomas ster, have not Right to give Voices in the Election of Player, Mr. Ayliff e, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City. Vernon, and all the Members of the House that are of

Resolved, That Sir William Poultney is duly chosen a the Long Robe: And they are to meet at 1 hree of the Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City Clock this Atternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber, of Westminster.

Resolved, That Sir Francis Wythens was not duly A Petition of William late Bailiff of the Bo- Privilege —

chosen a Citizen to serve in this Parliament for the City rough of Haslemere in the County of Surrey, now in Potion fron q£ r’nttnflu rvf thp> at A rm<5 nfrfpnrliner frhic Hnncp a person in

Resolved, That Sir William Waller is duly chosen a Citizen to serve in tins Parliament for the City of Westminster.

The First of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the King's menial Servants, not having proper Houses of their own within the City of Westminster, have not Right to give Voices in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament in the said City.

The Second of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir William Poultney is duly chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster.

The Third of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Francis Wythens was not duly chosen a Citizen to serve in this Parliament for the City of Westminster.

And the Fourth of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir William Waller is duly chosen a Citizen to serve in this Parliament for the City of Jf'estminster.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown, and the Bailiff of Westminster, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to amend the Return.

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, " was read.

Ordered, That the said William Rapley be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Two Bills, concerning the Regu- Regulating lating of Elections of Members to serve in the Com- Elections,4c. mons House of Parliament, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Dugdale, being called in, gave his further Infer- poplsh plot, mation, attheBarof this House, relating to the Popish Plot.

A Petition of Sir Thomas W Francis Eld, and Samson Birch, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of this Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to receive Informations concerning the Popish Plot; and to inquire into the same: And they are to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to tire House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dugdale have Liberty to print his own Narrative, given to this House, relating to the Popish Plot.

Air. Bourck, Mr. Macnama and Eustase Coninge, being called in, presented their several Informations, formerly given at the Bar of this House, relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland, in Writing.

loin

'>110

Message respecting Tangier,

HIS Majesty did, in His Speech, at the Opening of this Session, desire the Advice and Assistance of His Parliament, in relation to Tangier: The Condition and Importance of the Place obliges His Majesty to put this House in mind again, That lie relies upon them for the Support of it; without which it cannot be much longer

Tryal of Peer*.

Mr. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That his Mr- Air. Air. Lee, Air Priv;eg

Majesty had sent a Alessage to the House in Writing: ^Ir- EAir. James, and Air. Bradxcell, being 1,1*11.* Which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and, being called in> and severally examined touching a Pamphlet lotion, read by Air. Speaker, is as followeth; lately printed, styled, "The Popish damnable Plot," 8$c.

wherein are several Reflections upon Sir Edward Deering, a Alember of this House;

And Air. acquainting this House, That all

the Animadversions, contained in the said Pamphlet, w ere penned by Doctor; and that he received the

Abstract of the several Letters, therein mentioned, from a Scrivener in Essex Court in the Temple;

And a Debate arising in the House upon the whole Alatter;

Resolved, That all the reflective Parts of the said Pamphlet upon Sir Eduard Deering, a Alember of this House, are false, scandalous, and libellous.

Ordered, That Doctor Tonge, have Notice to attend preserved: llis Majesty does therefore very earnestly this House Tomorrow Alorning at Ten of the Clock.

’ recommend Tangier again to the due and speedy Consi- Ordered, That Air. Yarrington, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Lee, deration and Care of this House. Mr. Everingham, Mr. James, Mr. Brad-well, and Air.

Robert Groome, be committed to the Custody of the Resolved, That this House will proceed in the Consi- Serjeant at Arms attending this House; for their Breach deration of his Majesty’s Message on Wednesday Morn- of Privilege by them therein committed against Sir ing next, at Ten of the Clock. Edward Deering, a Alember of this House.

Ordered, That Richard Janeway be discharged from An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Act for the better Regulating the Tryal of Peers of Eng- House, paying his Fees: And that he receive the Censure land, was read a Second time. of the House, upon his Knees, from Air. Speaker:

Resolved, That this Bill be committed, upon the De- Which was done accordingly, bate of the House, to Air. Hamden, Sir William Jones,

Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. White, Mr. Booth, Sir John Trevor, Ordered, That Air. Papillon, Sir Thomas Stringer, Mr. Commiutes Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Thomas Clarges, Colonel Titus, F/eetzvood, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Tho. Midleton, Sir added.

Air. Garway, Mr. Thonuis Foley, Mr. Slater y Sir Gervas Thomas Meres, Mr. Fleetzcood, Mr. Sir

Elwes, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Francis Rolls, Sir George William Ellis, Mr. Air. Banks, Sir Robert

Dawning, Mr. Dutton Colt, Sir Fran. Winnington, Sir Clayton, be added to the Committee to whom the Matter

Henry Ford, Serjeant Rigby, Co\ont\Birch, Serjeant May- relating to Sir Robert Peyton is referred.

24 Ordered,

p

32 Car. II. 15* — 16* — 170 — 18'Novembris.

6S5

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Ordered, That Mr. Dugdale do attend this House To-

be revived; and do sit in the Places formerly appointed, morrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Clock Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the ;__________ — Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Committees.

Pr,

--t. i ->.

Return

amended.

Tangier.

Address on Suit# of the Kingdom,

kd

Martis, 16° d Novembris, 1680.

Praters.

W.stmin»ter rT'HE Clerk of the Crown, and the Bailiff of

JL minster, being called in, amended the Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, by razing out the Name of Sir Francis Wythens, and inserting the Name of Sir William

Waller.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 17° die Novembris, 1680.

Prayers.

THE House, according to the Order of Monday last, taking into Consideration his Majesty’s Message relating to Tangier;

Resolved, Neminecontradiccnte, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty upon the Debate of the House, humbly representing to his Majesty the dangerous State and Condition of the Kingdom, in Answer to his Majesty’s said Message.

And it is referred to Mr. Hamden, Sir William Jones, Colonel Titus, Mr. Vernon, Lord Russell, Mr. Love, Sir

Fra. Winnington, Mr. Foley, Sir William Mr.

Dubois, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. Boscazt en, Sir William Bas-

tard, Sir Nicolas Cary, Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Bennet, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Wil-

liam Temple, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Henry Ford, Sir Francis Russell, Sir John Hotham, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Mr. Pozc/e, Mr.

Treby, Mr. Hartford, Mr. Garway, Colonel Titus; or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, to prepare and draw up the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Treby do make his Report, in Writing, on Saturday Morning next.

A Debate arising in the House, That an Address be made to his Majesty, humbly to desire his Majesty to remove George Earl of Halifax from his Majesty’s Presence and Councils for ever;

The Question being put, That the Debate be 'oumed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers lSir Thomas Thynn,\ , y

tellers, ^Sir William Hickman, J lor t,ie 1 e as’

Tellers,-, afr' Montague, 1 for the Noes,

[Mr. Thynn, J ’

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an Address be madetr^his Majesty,

humbly to desire his Majesty to remove Earl of

Halifax from his Majesty’s Presence and Councils for

ever.

And it is referred to Mr. Montague, Sir Winnington, Sir William Jones, Mr. Foley, Mr. Thynn, Sir Edward Deering, Sir John Hotham, Mr. Mr.

Hamden, Mr. Treby, Colonel Titus, Sir George Hunger-ford, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Trevor Williams, Lord Brandon,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Harbord, Sir Rowland Sir John

Moreton, Sir Henry Capell, or any Five of them, to prepare and draw up the same: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vo L. IX.

Address for removing Eiirl Mali fax.

ad-

95-

219.

Jovis, 18* die Novembris, 1680.

Prayers.

SI R Francis Winnington's Report, consisting of several Popish Plot.

Abstracts taken out of the Journals of this House, and of the Lords House, of the Proceedings of the Two last Parliaments, relating to the Popish Plot, and Impeachments of the Lords in the Tower, was read.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire their Lordships to communicate to this House all such Papers, Writings, and Evidences, relating to the '

Popish Plot, as have been received from the Clerks of the Privy Council; as also all such Examinations and Informations touching the said Plot, as have been taken by their Lordships, or their Secret, or any other Committee, in this or the Two last Parliaments: And that Mr. Treby do go up with the Message to the Lords.

The Lord Russell, being elected and returned to serve Southampton both for the Counties of Bedford and Southampton, de- Wnt-dared his Choice to serve for the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Edward Brett, of Dinsdale near New- Privilege. castle, in the County of Stafford, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer, at the Bar, for a notorious Breach of Privilege, by him committed against this House.

Mr. Lewis, being called in, gave in an Information, at Popish Plot, the Bar, relating to the Popish Plot, in Writing.

Ordered, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Ma- " jesty to grant to Mr. Lewis a full and general Pardon; and to take him into his Royal Protection and Care; and to grant him some Allowance: And that, in the several Pardons already granted, upon the Addresses of this House, to such Persons as have given Evidence to this House relating to the Popish Plot, his Majesty’s Grace and Pardon may be extended to all Crimes and Misdemeanors whatsoever by them committed; and that to this time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewis have the Leave of the House to print his Information, this Day given in at the Bar of the House.

Air. Treby acquaints the House, that he had attended Ditto, the Lords with the Message of this House: And that their Lordships had returned this Answer; That they will cause to be delivered to this House the several Papers, Writings, Evidences, Examinations, and Informations, desired by this House.

The House being informed, that a Peer of the Realm Privilege — did, in the Presence of some of the Members of this VJiell°u* House, drink to the Confusion of all such Persons as V or s* voted for the Bill against the Duke of and that

one Mr. Offey was at the Door, ready to make out the same;

And the said Mr. Offey being called in; who acquainted the House, That one John Greenway, a Drawer at, the Devil Tavern, had informed him thereof;

Ordered, That the said John Greetiway do attend at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Aloming at Ten of the

Clock;

*5 6

v

t 8* — 19* Novembris.

A. 1680.

Clock; to give an Account concerning the sapje: And that Mr. Ojflcy do attend at the same time.

Popish Plot. Mr. John Zeile being called in, and desiring Time to put his Information in Writing;

Ordered, That Mr. Zeile do attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, with his Information in Writing.

Publication.

Robert Groome being called in; and having given an Privilege-Account, at the Bar of this House, concerning the late libel'ous Pamphlet, intituled, " A damnable Popish Plot

Ordered, That the said Robert G rooihe be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, without paying any Fees.

Privilege — Petition from a person in custody.

Res, That an humble Address be presented to Address for a his Majesty, to desire his Majesty to appoint a Day for A Petition of Mr. Lee, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Everingham, a solemn Fast and Humiliation to be kept throughout the Mr. James, and Mr. Braddyll, in Custody of the Serjeant Kingdom.

at Arms attending this House, being read;

Ordered, That all the said Persons be called in; and do receive the Censure of the House, at the Bar, upon their Knees, from Mr* Speaker; and be then discharged, paying their Fees.

Which was accordingly done.

Committee to search Papers.

And it is referred to Sir Francis Russell, Sir Player, Mr. Sir Thomas Mr. Serjeant

Rigby, Sir Henry Ford, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Henley, Sir Robert Thomas, Sre Jonathan Keate, Mr. Duboys, Colonel Birch, Mr. Henley, Sir John More-ton, Mr. Sterne, Sir Richard Cast, Mr. Hamden, Sir Nicolas Carey, Mr, Onslow, Sir George Downing, Lord Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search Mr. Jefferyes, Mr. Boscmen, Mr. Lucy, Sir

into and examine the Papers of Mr. Gilbert Crouch of or any Three of them, to draw up the

Sfaple Jan,;and to, report the same to this House. said Address upon the Debate of the House: And they

And it i? referred to Sir John Stonehouse, Sir Robert are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Clayton, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir John Speakers Chamber.

Wynne, and all the Members of this House that are Justices of the Peace for the City of London, and Counties of Middlese.v, Berks, and Ocon.

A person to

Ordered, That Mr. Crouch and his Son have Notice

Mr. Serjeant Rigby reports from the Committee ap- Right of pt-pointed to inquire after all such Persons as have offended titiouing. against the Rights of the Subject to petition to his Majesty for the Sitting of the Parliament, That the Com-

to attend at the Bar of this House 1 o-morrow Morning xnittee bad directed him to make a Special Report of the at Ten of the Clock.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be revived; and do sit Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Burying in Woollen.

Veneris, 19* die Novembris, 1680.

Prate as.

SI R George Downing reports from the Committee to whom the additional Bill touching Persons buried in

Presentments of the Grand Jury for the County of So-mersett, for the Lent Assizes; and of the Grand Jury for the County of Devon for the last Summer Assiaes: Which Presentments he delivered in at the Clerk's Table: And fur ..... reported, That Captain WiUttan Cmik, being summoned to attend the said Committee, did, in Contempt of the said Order, neglect to attend the Committee; And that the Committee desired the Directions of the House therein.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Phillips and William Column* being Foremen of the said Grand Juries, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer, at the Bar of this House, for the Breach of Privilege, by them committed against this House.

Ordered, That the said Captain William Castle be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer, at the Bar of this House, for the Breach of Priv ilege by him committed against this House.. Ordered, That Mr. John Hutchinson and Mr. Henry

Information to be printed.

Fine for Misdemeanor.

Woollen, was referred, some Amendments agreed on by the said Committee to be made to the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being twice read, being of the said Grand Juries, be sent for in

were, upon the Question, agreed to Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed answer, at the Bar of tins House, for the Breach of Prr* to, be ingrossed. vilege by them committed against this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Assizes for the Western Ordered, That Signior Francisco de Fcria have Leave Circuit, and the respective Clerks of the Peace, and Unto print the Information, by him given at the Bar of tins der Sheriffs of the said Counties of Devon and House. be summoned, by the Serjeant at Arms to attend at the

Bar of this House.

A Petition of Benjamin Hands a Prisoner, in Execution, Orda'ed, That Mr. Thomas Ware and, Mr. Eduard

at the King’s Suit, for a Fine of Five hundred Pounds, Strode be summoned, by the Serjeant at Arms attending upon a Misdemeanor by him committed, was read. this House, to attend at the Bar of this. House on Monday Resolved, That an humble Application be made to his Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Majesty from this House, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s roost honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty to pardon and remit the said Fine.

FintsforMis-

demeauors.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and draw up a Bill for ascertaining, of Fines- upon Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That the Committee appointed to receive p0pish Plot Informations relating to the Popish Plot, have Power, in Ireland, likewise to receive Informations- relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland.

Sir Robert Clayton reports from the Committee apr Address for

And it is referred to Mr, Paul Foley, Sir Thomas, Blunt, pointed, to -prepare and draw up the Address concerning^, removing Sir

Mr. Porwle, Sir William Jones, Sir Fra. Winnington, Sir John Trevor, Sir Edward Harley, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Hamden, Sir Robert Henley, Sir John Br of Ices, Mr, Sacheverell, SvcTrecor Williams, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Starkey, Mr. Dutton Colt, Sir Rowland Guynne, Mr. And

all the Members of this House, that are of the; LoM^loha, or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Three, of the Clock tins Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Jefferyes, an Address agreed, upon by the.G*Jefferyts‘ Committee: Which he- read m his Place.; and afterwards deliveredthe-sarn^m attire Clerk’s Table: Where.: the swm being read; was, upon the Question, agreed to^ and is as follOweth;

WE Your Majesty’s most Dutiful and'Loyal Subjects1 the Commons, in Parliament assembled, having received

32 Car. II*

l9l

20° Novembris.

65?

ceived a Complaint against Sir George Jeffbryes Knight, Or, That all Committees that are discontinued, CommittM*. Your Majesty’s Chief Justice of Chester; and heard the be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places Evidence concerning the same; and also what he did al- formerly appointed, lege and prove in his Defence; and being thereupon fully

satisfied, that the said Sir George Jefferyes well knowing OrThat Sir Peter Sir William York, Procl&ma-that many of Your Loyal Protestant Subjects, and par- Mr. Upton, Mr. White, Sir Markham, Sir Row- tien against

ticularly those of Your great and famous City of London, land Sir Frauds Rolls, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Paul P*utl01:un8-

out of Zeal for the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, Foley, Sir John Moreton, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Bremen,

Your Majesty*8 Royal Person and Government, and in Sir Will. Bastard, Sir John Newton, be added to the Hopes to bring the Popish Conspirators to speedy Justice, Committee appointed to inquire after such Persons as were about to petition to Your Majesty in an humble, have advised or promoted the Issuing out of a late Pro-dutiful, and legal Way, for the Sitting of this Parliament, clamation, styled, "A Proclamation against tumultuous

‘ ’ Petitions."

the said Sir George Jefferyes, not regarding his Duty to his Majesty, or the Welfare of Your People, did, on purpose to serve his own private Ends, and to create a Misunderstanding between Your Majesty and Your good Subjects, though disguised with Pretence of Service to Your Majesty, maliciously declare such Petitioning sometimes to be tumultuous, seditious, and illegal; and at other times did presume publickly to insinuate and assert, as if Your Majesty would deprive Your Citizens of London of their Charters, and divers other Privileges, Immunities, and Advantages, and also, of Your Royal Favour, in case

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbali, 20* die Novembris, 1680.

Prayers.

INFORMATION -being given to the House, That Rectifying

__________ } Mr. William was Foreman of the Grand Order for*

they Should so petition, there Should not be any Meeting Jury for ^ie County of Devon the last Summer Assizes; W&rraBt-or Sitting of Parliament; thereby traducing Your Majesty, and that by a Mistake, Mr. Co/man was ordered to be as if You would not pursue Your Gracious Intentions, the sent for in Custody instead of the said Mr. rather because they were grateful to Your good Subjects; rT1'~‘v," XT L‘

do, in the most humble Manner, beseech Your Majesty to remove the said Sir George Jefferyes out of the said Place of Chief Justice of Chester, and out of all other Publick Offices and Employments under Your Majesty.

A person examined*

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do present this Address to his Majesty.

John Greenway being called in, gave an Account at the Bar touching the Information given to this House by Mr. Offley.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter of the said Information.

And it is referred to Sir Scroope How, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir John Clobery, Sir William Roberts, "Mr.Stratford, Ix>rd Annesly, Mr Mr

Mr. Pmrle, Sir John Wynne, Sir John Moreton, Mr. White, Sir Henry Calverly; or any Three of them: And they are to report the same to the House: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.,

I'opith Plot. Mr. Zeile being called in, delivered his Information in Writing, relating to the Popish Plot.

Ordered, That Mr. Coleman's Name be struck out of the Warrant directed to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Stawell's Name be inserted instead thereof.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege Privilege, committed against Mr. Ayloffe, a Member of this House, by John Dundridge, in arresting and detaining in Custody

James Newman, menial Servant to the said Mr. Ayloffe, at the Suit of Richard Rawlins',

Ordered, That the said John Dandridge and Richard Rawlins be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer, at the Bar of this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

The Question being put. That the Bill against the Im- Scotch portation of Cattle from Scotland, be now read a Second Cattle, time;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

} for the Noe.,

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill being read.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Godfrey

104.

100.

A Member to attend.

Pardon and

u^u, Sir John Newton, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr.

Ordered, That Edward Seymour Esquire, a Member Seymour, Mr. Dutton Colt, Sir Sir

of this House, do attend the Service of this House in Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Mr.

his Place, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock. Mr. White, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Love, Sir

John Wynne, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Sir Thomas Ordered, That an humble Application be made from Sir Samuel Bemardiston, Sir William Yorke, Sir Robert

Rewards for this House to his Majesty, by such Members thereof as Henley, Sir Mr. Sir John Clobery,

are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to Sir Robert Markham, Mr. Duboys, SirWilliam Ellis, Lord

0 desire his Majesty to grant to Mr. Zeile a full and general Brandon, Mr. Pilkington, Mr. Palmes, Sir Peter Gleane,

Pardon, and to grant him some Allowance for his Sub- Mr. Stockdale: And all that come are to have Voices:

sistence.

Ordered, That an humble Application be made from this House to his Majesty, by such Members thereof as of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council;

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

are

Information being given to the House, That George PnvHegt> representing the Condition and Circumstances of Mr. Eylcs had committed a Breach of Privilege against Sir Hetherington, and other the Witnesses touching the Patience Ward, a Member of this House;

Popish Plot in Ireland', and to desire his Majesty to Ordered, That the said George Eyles be sent for grant them some Allowance for their Support. in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Douse;

Ordered, That an humble Application be made to his to answer, at the Bar of this House, for the said Breach Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his of Privilege.

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty to confer upon Mr. Smith, who hath made a Mr. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That, in Auwtr* to considerable Discovery of the Popish Plot, some Eccle- pursuance of the Orders of this House, his Majesty had Addrewe*. statstical Preferment been attended by such Members thereof as are of his

658 30* Novembris. 1680.

Majesty’s Privy Council, with several Addresses from this House:

That, as to the Address relating to Sir George;

after the same, together with the Order and Resolves of this House, were read to his Majesty, his Majesty was pleased to return Answer, That he will consider of it.

That his Majesty, upon presenting the Address for some Allowance to Mr. Lewi, and for a general Pardon to him, and all the rest of the Persons that have given Information relating to the Popish Plot, for all Crimes and Misdeameanors whatsoever, his Majesty was pleased to answer, That his Majesty’s Pardon Should extend to all Crimes and Misdemeanors whatsoever by them committed to this time; Perjury only excepted.

That his Majesty was further pleased to answer, That Consideration Should be had of Mr. Lewis for some reasonable Allowance to him.

That, as to the Address relating to Mr. Smith, for some Ecclesiastical Preferment, his Majesty would have him in Consideration.

That, as to the Address concerning Mr. Hetherington, and the rest of the Witnesses touching the Popish Plot in Ireland, his Majesty, in regard that the Number and Circumstances of those Persons are not yet well known, had referred the Consideration thereof to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

Farther Resolved, That a further Address be made from this

Address for House to his Majesty, by such Members thereof as are

Pardons. of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty, That the Pardons granted to the several Persons, for whom Application had been already made to his Majesty by this House, may extend to all Crimes and Misdemeanors whatsoever by them committed, to the last time of their respective Discoveries, respectively.

Right of Mr. Trett chard reports from the Committee to whom

Petitioning- ft is referred to inquire after such Persons as have offended against the Rights of the Subject to petition his Majesty for the Sitting of the Parliament, That the Committee had ordered him to make the following Report; viz.

That, Information being given to the said Committee, That Examinations were taken, upon Oath, in the County of Monmouth, by Five Justices of the Peace of the said County; viz.James Herbert, Henry Baker, William Herbert, William Jones, and Robert Gunter, Esquires; against John Arnold Esquire, for procuring Subscriptions to a certain Petition to be presented to his Majesty, for the Sitting of the Parliament; which said Examinations were sent up to the Council Table by the said Justices, and there exhibited in Charge, as an Article against the said Mr. Arnold; and was subscribed by one Thomas Herbert Esquire, who undertook to prosecute the same; and that the Committee desired the Direction of the House therein.

And further reported. That the Committee had agreed upon Two Resolves: Which are as followeth;

Resolved, That this Committee is of Opinion, That Mr. Thomas Staples, by obstructing Petitioning to his Majesty for the Sitting of this Parliament, and declaring his Dislike and Abhorrence of such Petitioning, hath betrayed the Rights of the Subject.

Resolved, That this Committee is of Opinion, That Sir Thomas Holt, Serjeant at Law, by obstructing Petitioning to his Majesty for the Sitting of this Parliament, and declaring his Dislike and Abhorrence of such Petitioning, hath betrayed the Rights of the Subject.

Which Report he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read;

The House taking into Consideration the Matter specially reported;

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Herbert be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer, at the Bar of this House, for the Misdemeanors by him committed against the Privilege of this House.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second lime to the House;

Resolved, That this Ronse doth agree with the Committee, That the said Mr. Thomas Staples, by obstructing Petitioning to his Majesty for the Sitting of this Pacha* ment, and declaring his Dislike and Abhorrenee of such Petitioning, hath betrayed the Rights of the Subject

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time to the House;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the said Committee, That Sir Thomas Holt, by obstructing Petitioning to his Majesty for the Sitting of this Parliament, and declaring his Dislike and Abhorrence of such Petitioning, hath betrayed the Rights of the Subject.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Staples and Sir Thomas Holt be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer, at the Bar of this House, for the Misdemeanors by them committed against the Privilege of this House.

Mr. Treby acquaints the House, That, pursuant to the p0pisb Plot. Order of the House, he hath prepared an Abstract, in Writing, of the several Letters and Papers in his Custody, relating to the Popish Plot.

Ordered, That the said Letters and Papers be printed:

And it is recommended to Mr. Treby to take Care therein.

Sir Gilbert Gerald acquaints the House, That he had Impeach-Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes, Misdemeanors, "»ent of Mr. and Offences, against Edward Seymour Esquire, a Mem- s*ym"ur-her of this House: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same, being the re read, are as followeth;

Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes, Misdemeanors, and Offences, against Edward Seymour Esquire, One of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, and One of the Members of the House of Commons now in Parliament assembled.

IMPRIMIS, That, whereas the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shilling Two-pence was raised by an Act of Parliament for the speedy Building of Thirty Ships of War, and thereby appropriated to the said Use; by which Act it w as particularly directed, That the Treasurer of the Navy Should keep all Monies, paid to him by virtue of the said Act, distinct and apart from all other Monies; and Should issue and pay the same by Warrant of the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, or any Three or more of them; and mentioning and expressing, That it is for the Building, for the Guns,

Rigging, and other Furnishing of the said Thirty Ships of War, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; he the said Edward Seymour, on or about the Year One thousand Six hundred Seventy-seven, being then Treasurer of the Navy, did, contrary to the said Act, and contrary to the Duty of his said Office, lend the Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds, at Eight per Cent. Parcel of the said Sum raised by the said Act, being then in his Hands, for and toward the Support and Continuance of the Army then raised, after such time, as by an Act of Parliament the said Army ought to have been disbanded; whereby the said Two several Acts were eluded; and the said Army was continued and kept on Foot, to the great Disturbance,'

Hazard, and Danger of the Peace, and Safety of this Kingdom: And the Nation was afterwards put to a new Charge of raising and paying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, for the Disbanding of the said Army,

Secondly, That, whereas an Act of Parliament had passed for Raising of Money by a Poll, for enabling his Majesty to enter into an actual War against the French King; and the Money, raised by virtue of the said Act, was thereby appropriated to the said Use, and to the Repayment of such Persons as shall furnish his Majesty with any Sums of Money, or any Stores necessary for the said Service: And whereas certain Eastland Merchants were desired by his Majesty’s Officers to furnish and supply great Quantities of Stores for the Navy; and as an 25 Encouragement

o

° Nmembris,

33 VAK. 11.

w — m

Encouragement ti^erpqnto, were assured, That the Sum of Forty Thousand Pounds, Parcel of the said Monies rajsed by the said Act, was at that time actually in the Hands of the said Edward Seymour; which he did acknowledge ' so to be; and did promise, that the said Sqm Should lie paid to the said Merchants, in Part of Satisfaction for thp said Stores, which they did furnish upon the Credit of the said Affirmation and Undertaking: He the said Edward Seymour did, on or about the Year One thousand She hundred Seventy-eight, issue out and pay the said Sum to the Victuallers of the Navy, by way of Advance, and for Provisions not then brought in, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; whereas the same, by the Provision of the said Act, ought to have been paid to the Eastland Merchants who had furnished his Majesty with Flax, Hemp, and other Necessaries, for the said Service: Of w’hich said Deceit and Injustice the said Merchants did complain in the last Parliament.

Thirdly, That the said Edward Seymour being Treasurer of the Navy, and then and still having a Salary of Three thousand Pounds per Annum clear for the same, did, during the Time he was Speaker of the late Long Parliament, receive, out of the Monies provided for secret Service, the veary Sum of Three thousand Pounds, over and above his said Salary; which was constantly paid to him, as well during the Intervals, as the Sessions of Parliament; and particularly during the Prorogation of Fifteen Months.

Fourthly, That, on or about the Eighteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, and during a War writh the States General of the LTnited Netherlands, he the said Edward Seymour, being then One of the Commissioners for Prize Goods, did fraudulently, unlawfully, and, in Deceit of his Majesty, unlade a certain Prize Ship, taken from the Subjects of the said States, without any Order or Authority for the same; and did house the Lading and Goods of the said Ship, and lock up the same, without the Presence of any Storekeeper; and did afterwards sell the same, pretending the same to be only M Sugars; and did account with his Majesty for the same, as such; whereas, in truth, the said Ship was laden with Cochineal and Indico, rich Merchandizes of a great Value.

Ordered, That Mr. Seymour have a Copy of the said Articles: And that he do make his Answer thereunto on Thursday Morning next.

Popish Plot- Colonel Birch reports from the Committee to whom the

execution of Petition of Sir Thomas Whitgrave, Francis Eld, and a Warrant. son Birch, was referred, That the Committee had agreed

upon a Report: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same bein" read, is as followeth;

That the Committee, upon Examination of the Information against Francis ELieutenant of some of the T rained Bands in Staffordshire, touching his neglecting to make a full Search in TaHouse, upon the Discovery of the late Riot; and upon Hearing of the said De-

fence to the said Information; the said Eld did confess the Information given by Mr. to be true: But saith,

That his Warrant, given him under the Deputy Lieutenant’s Hands, was only to search for offensive Arms of War; and that he w as to take to his Assistance a Constable, or other Civil Officer: Which Warrant he produced: And accordingly, he taking a Constable with him, when he brought his Men into the Lord Alstons Hall at Taxall, the Constable slipped away; and he could by no means meet with him again: So that the said Eld conceived himself incapacitated to make such a Search as he desired. Which the Committee considering of; and, finding him the said Eld to be a sober Protestant; and that this Neglect w as not done purposely, with Favour to the Papists; but that the said Eld is an Enemy to the Popish Faction; are humbly of Opinion, that the said Francis Eld be discharged from his Restraint.

Resolved, the said Francis Eld be discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Vox.. IX.

6 59

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Fight of the Clock.

Lwue,22° die Novemfyris, 1680. '

Prayers.

ABIL L for regulating Elections of Members to Regularity serve in the Commons House of Parliament, was Elections, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Robert Markham, Mr. Fpley Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. White,

Mr. Andrews, Sir William Jpnes, Mr. Bremen, Mr.

Strode, Mr. Hord, Mr Wright, Sir Roberts,

Lord Colraine, Mr. Hamden, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John

Moreton, Sir William Poultney, Sir Thomas Clarges, Sir John Knight, Sir William Bastard, Sir William Mr. Owen, Mr. Burdctt, Mr. Darrell, Sir Gervase -

wes, Mr. Slater, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Conningsby, Mr. Sad ieverell, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Rowland

Guynne, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Edward Harley, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Robert Henley, Sir Francis Rolls: And ail that come, are to have Voices:

And they are to meet at 1 liree of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to prevent the Offences of Bribery and De- Bribery at bauchery, in the Elections of Members to serve in the Election*-Commons House of Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That this Bill be referred, upon the Debate of the House, to the same Committee: And the said Committee is to reduce the said Bills into One Bill, or to put the same into more Bills, if they see Occasion.

Mr. Trebyreports from the Committee of Elections Stockbridge

and Privileges, That the Committee, having taken into ^ection* their Consideration the Matter of the Election and Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton, had agreed upon the following Resolve; viz.

Resolved, That Heny Whitehead Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Henry Whitehead Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Agmonde-Elections and Privileges do make Report to this House sham Elec* touching the Election of a Member to serve in this present 1 on-Parliament for Agmondesham in the County of Bucks,

Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Highways, the Repairing of the Highways.

The Clerk of the Crown, and the Bailiff of Stockbridge, Stockbridge being called in, amended the Return for Stockbridge, by Return taking off the Indenture whereby Win.Strode Esquire was araended-returned to serve for the said Borough; and rasing out the Name of William Strode Esquire; and inserting the Name of the said Henry W,hitehead in the other Indenture.

Mr. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That his Answer to Majesty, having been attended by such Members of this Address. House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, according to Two several Orders of Address from this House to his Majesty, the One for a general Pardon and some Allowance to Mr. the other for a further full and general Pardon of all Crimes and Misdemeanors to the several Persons in whose Behalf the House had formerly addressed, his Majesty was pleased to return this Answer; That he would grant a Pardon, and some Allowance to Mr. Zeile: That Pardons shall be passed to the several Persons addressed for by the House of Commons, for all Treasons, Misprisions of Treason, Felqnies,

66o '21° — 2 30 Novembris. A. 1680.

and Outlawries after Treason or Felony: And his Majesty will give Order, That a prosequi be entered, to stop all Prosecutions against the said Persons, for all other Crimes or Misdemeanors whatsoever: That his Majesty apprehends there may be some Inconvenience in granting a Pardon so general as is now desired: But if any Instances shall be given, wherein the Tryals shall be hindered or prejudiced, his Majesty will give such further Order as shall be agreeable to Justice.

Address for Mr. Trenchard reports from the Committee to whom i* was referred to prepare an Address to his Majesty to r remove George Earl of from his Majesty’s Pre-

sence and Counsels for ever, an Address, agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read;

And a Debate arising in the House, for the Re-commitment of the same;

The Question being put, Whether the Address, thus prepared, be re-committed;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers,(|ir CMuc^Mmgrmx,

’ [Sir Thomas C

Tellers fMr‘ Vernon,

’\Colonel Titus,

And so it passed in the Negative.

And then the Address, being again read Paragraph by Paragraph, and some Amendments made therein at the Clerics Table, is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, being deeply sensible of the manifold Dangers and Mischiefs which have been occasioned to this Y our Kingdom by the Dissolution of the last Parliament; and by the frequent Prorogations of this present Parliament; whereby the Papists have been greatly encouraged to carry on their hellish and damnable Conspiracies against Your Royal Person and Government, and the Protestant Religion now established amongst us; and have had many Opportunities to contrive false and malicious Plots against the Lives and Honours of several of Your loyal Protestant Subjects; and having just Reason to believe, That the said Dissolution was promoted by the evil and pernicious Counsels of George Earl of Halifax; do therefore most humbly pray Your Majesty, for the Taking away of Occasions of Distrust and Jealousy between Your Majesty and us Your Loyal Commons, and that we may with greater Chear-fulness proceed to perfect those Matters now before us, which tend to the Safety and Honour of Your sacred Person and Government, and to the Preservation of the true Protestant Religion, both to Ourselves, and to our Posterity; That You would be graciously pleased to remove the said George Earl of from Your Presence and

Counsels for ever.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to this Address, so amended.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when this House may attend him with the said Address.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that were discontinued, be revived; and do sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Martis,23° die Novembris, 1680.

Privilege — A PETITION of Sir Thomas Holt, Serjeant at a person x\_ Law, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending discharged. J^ouse> was read.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Holt be called in; and do receive the Censure of the House, upon his. Knees, at the.

Bar, from Mr. Speaker; and be then discharged, paying his Fees.

Which was done accordingly.

Ordered, That William Rapley, Bailiff of the Borough Person to bt of Haslemere in the County of Surrnow in Custody brougbtt° of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought - Bar‘ to the Bar Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to receive the Censure of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Tobacco-Continuing of Two Acts; One to prevent the Planting Plantm&*c-Tobacco in England, and regulating the Plantation Trade; the other for Exporting of Beer, Ale, and Mum.

A Bill to the same Purpose, being presented to the House, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare a Address-further Address to his Majesty, upon the Debate of the for House, humbly to desire his Majesty to pardon and remit ^,*‘r the Fine set upon Benjamin Harris, for which he continues in Prison.

And it is referred to Lord Annesley, Mr. Duboys, Mr.

Foley, Sir William Poultney, Mr. Secretary Jenkins, Sir Roger Hill, Mr. Pilkington, Colonel Titus, Mr. Whor-

xcood. Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Trexor Williams, Sir William Roberts, Sir William Bastard, Sir Henry Ford, Sir Edward Baynton; or any Three of them:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Sacheverell reported from the Committee to whom Proliant it was referred to prepare and bring in a Bill for Repeal of Dlis,;nl,;ts-One Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, Chapter First, a Bill agreed upon by the Committee: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Bill being read the First time;

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Francis Russell reports from the Committee ap- Address f»t pointed to draw up an humble Address to his Majesty, to Fast-desire his Majesty to appoint a Day for a solemn Fast and Humiliation, to be kept throughout the Kingdom, an Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, was, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as followeth;

WE Your Majesty's most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects the and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, being deeply sensible of the sad and calamitous Condition of this Your Majesty’s Kingdom, occasioned chiefly by the impious and horrid Conspiracies of a Popish Party, who have not only plotted and intended the Destruction of Your Majesty’s Royal Person, but the total Subversion of the Government and true Religion established amongst us; and finding the same detestable Machinations still obstinately prosecuted by them, as well by fomenting Divisions amongst Your Majesty's loyal Protestant Subjects, as all other the most wicked Contrivances, notwithstanding the many Discoveries thereof by God’s great Mercy, and wonderful Providence, lately brought to Light; all which dreadful Judgments are now impending over us, most deservedly, for our many and grievous Sins; and cannot otherwise in human Reason be prevented, but by the particular Blessing of God upon the Consultations and Endeavours of Your Great Council now assembled in Parliament; do in all Humility beseech Your Majesty,

That by Your Royal Proclamation, a Day may be solemnly set apart, wherein both Ourselves, and all Your Majesty’s loyal Subjects, may, by Fasting and Prayers, endeavour a Reconciliation with Almighty God; and with humble and penitent Hearts, implore him, by his Power and Goodness, to divert those Judgments, and defeat the wicked Counsels and Devices of our Enemies, to unite the Hearts of Your loyal Protestant Subjects, and to continue his Mercy, and the Light of his Gospel, to us and

our

j-for the Yeas, lot. |for the Noes, 213.

L-J

Uts. Ms-- j-.

w*'

Util:

h.

it

if*

Widow

LcJlowe’s.

Lords agree Address.

l>roclaTna, linn agiinst Petitioning.

Arbitrary di&rhar&e of Grand Juries.

Judges Pio-cecdmgs.

Cemraittee^-

Answer to Add ess.

32 Car. II. ' 238 — 24? NovembriSi i

our Posterities; and more especially to bestow his abundant Blessings on Your Sacred Majesty, and this present Parliament, that our Consultations and Endeavours may produce Honour, Safety, and Prosperity to Your Majesty, and Your People.

Resolved, That the Lords Concurrence be desired to the said Address: And that Sir Francis Russell do attend the Lords with the same, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Anne Bedlowe Widow, Relict of Captain

William Bedlozce, deceased, was read.

Resolved, That an humble Application be made to his Majesty, from this House, by such Members thereof as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty to take into his Consideration the Condition of the said Mrs.; and to grant her

some Allowance for her Subsistence.

Sir Francis Russell acquaints the House, That, in pursuance of the Order of the House, he had attended the Lords with the Address: And that their Lordships returned Answer, That they had taken the said Address into their Consideration; and had agreed to it, according to the Desire of this House.

Mr. Thomas Ware and Mr. Edward Stroud, being called in, gave the House an Account touching their Signing of Addresses in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General be desired to attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give the House an Account touching the Proclamation, styled, " A Proclamation against tumultuous Petitioning."

o Cr

Several Persons that served upon the Grand Jury for the County of Middlesex, in Trinity Term last, being called in, gave an Account to the House of the Manner of the Proceedings of the Court of King’s Bench, in discharging the said Grand Jury.

Several Persons being called in, gave an Account, at the Bar of the House, touching the Charge given by Mr. Baron Weston, at the last Summer Assizes held at Kingston upon Thames, for the County of Surrey.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the whole Matter;

Resolve(7, Nemine conlradiccnle, That the Discharging

of a Grand Jury by any Judge, before the End of the Term, Assizes, or Sessions, whilst Matters are under their Consideration, and not presented, is arbitrary, illegal, destructive to publick Justice, a manifest Violation of his Oath, and is a Means to subvert the fundamental Laws of this Kingdom.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Proceedings of the Judges in Westminster Hall; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to this House.

And it is referred to Sir William Jones, Sir Fra. Winnington, Mr. Suchccerell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Trenchard, Sir

Richard Corbett, Mr. Powle, Sir John Hartup, Colonel Titus, Mr. Love, Sir Thomas Player, Colonel Birch, Mr. Evelyn, Serjeant Rigby, Sir Tho. Armstrong, Sir Francis Rolls, Sir F.liab Harvey, Sir Edward Harley, Mr. Hop-

bins, Sir John Moreton, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Samuel

Bernardiston, Sir Robert Henley, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Mr. Filkinglon, Serjeant S/reete, Sir Sir

Cupel/, M r. Hamden, Sir Henry Calverly, Sir Oixcay, Mr. Laris, Lord Russell, Sir Thomas Meres; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be revived; and do sit in the respective Places formerly appointed.

Sir Edward Decring acquaints the House, That his Majesty having referred the Condition and Circumstances Yi)uIX.

of the several Witnesses relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland, to the Consideration of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and that the Commissioners were not as yet informed of the Number, Names, and Conditions of the said several Persons; desired the Direction of the House therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Hetheringtondoattend Mr. Speaker, and do communicate to him the Names and Condition of all the said Witnesses.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of tire Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii,24° die A oremb 1680.

Prayers.

RDERED, That George Bell of Carlisle in the privilege'. County of Cumberland, Attorney at Law, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant Arms attending this House; to answer, at the Bar of the House, for a Breach of Privilege by him committed against Sir Richard Graham, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That Arthur Teamans, of Cardiffc in the Ditto'. County of Glamorgan, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer, at the Bar of this House, for a notorious Breach of Privilege by him committed against this House.

Ordered, That William Jordan, of Gloucester, be sent Ditto, for in Custody of the Serjeant of Arms attending this House; to answer, at the Bar of this House, for a Breach of Privilege by him committed against this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Aulnett be sent for in Ditto. Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer, at the Bar, for a high Breach of Privilege by him committed against this House.

Mr. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That his King ap- Majesty having been attended by such Members of this P°ml* b* House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy att, D e ‘ Council, to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, When this House Should attend him with an Address; his Majesty had appointed Three of the Clock this Afternoon for the House to attend him in the Banqueting House at Whitehall.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bankrupt!, supply the Laws against Bankruptcy.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Court of take away the Court held before the Lord President and Rlarches* Council, in the Marches of Wales.

A Bill for Repeal of an Act made in the Eive-and- Protestant thirtieth Year of Queen Elizabeth, Chapter the First, Dissenters, was read a Second time.

And no Exceptions being made to the same;

Ordered, That the said Bill be ingrossed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Address Majesty, from this House, by such Members thereof as respecting are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to Driseniers desire his Majesty to give Orders, That all Protestant Dissenters, who are prosecuted upon any penal Laws made against Papists, may be admitted to a Composition in the Exchequer, without paying any Fees.

Ordered, That Leave to bring in a Bill, declaring, Bill respect-That the Acts of Parliament made in the Reigns of Queen *"g them. Elizabeth and King James, against Popish Recusants, shall not be extended against Protestant Dissenters.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare Uniting and bring in a Bill for the better Uniting of all his Majesty's Protestant Subjects, have Power to bring in one or more Bill or Bills for that Purpose.

¥ E Mr,

l

Prnclarrm-tien against lr«litiouing.

Sir F. North impeached;

Privilege — A person to be censured.

Tryals of

impeached

Lords.

Privilege — Misconduct of an Under Sheriff.

Answer to

Address.

66y 24° — 25s — 26 Novembris. A. 1680.

Mr. Attorney General being called in, and examined touching the Manner of issuing forth the Proclamation, styled, " A Proclamation against tumultuous Petitions

And giving an Account to the House, That Sir Francis North, Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, was advising and assisting in the Drawing and Passing of the said Proclamation;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, Nominecontradicente, That the Evidence, this

Day given to the House, against Sir Francis North, Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, is a sufficient Ground for this House to proceed upon an Impeachment against him, for high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to examine the Proceedings of the Judges in Westminster Hall, to prepare Heads of an Impeachment

against the said Sir Francis North; and to present the same to the House: And the said Committee is to sit de die in diem.

Ordered, That William Rapley, Bailiff of Haslemere in the County of Surrey, being in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning at len of the Clock, to receive the Censure of the House.

And then the House adjourned to EigU of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Mr. Thomas Staples, being in Custody of Privilege

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Staples be called in; and do receive the Censure of the House, at the Bar, upon his Knees, from Mr. Speaker: And that he be then discharged, paying his Pees.

'Which was done accordingly.

A person discharged*

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and Sir King ap-

Tunolhy Baldxcyn; Point*to b*

Mr. Speaker-, The Lords have commanded us to ac- atlen e quaint this House, That his Majesty having been desired to appoint a Time, When both Houses Should attend him with an Address for a Fast; his Majesty was pleased to return Answer, " That 'tis his Majesty’s Pleasure, That both Houses do attend him at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Banqueting House."

The Articles of Impeachment against Edward Seymour Impeach- Esquire, a Member of this House, being read. ment f Mr,

Resolved, That the Articles be read One by One: -e>mour- . And that Mr. Seymour do make his Answer to each respective Article in his Place.

Which being accordingly done; and Mr. Seymour withdrawn;

The First of the said Articles being read to the House;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned to Ten of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 25° die Novembris, 1680.

Prayers.

RDERED, That a Message be sent to the Lords, desiring their Lordships to appoint a Committee to join with the Committee of this House, for adjusting the Methods and Circumstances relating to the Tryals of the Lords in the Tower: And that Mr. Treby do go up to the Lords with the said Message.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the County of Norfolk, against Samuel Verdun, Under Sheriff of the said County, for several Crimes and Misdemeanors by him committed, was read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Matter contained in the said Petition; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And jt is referred to Sir Richard Corbett, Sir John Hobbart, Mr. England, Sir Geor Sir

Williams, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Sir Henry

Ford, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. BurwSir Robert Carr, Sir

Gervase Elxces, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Mr. John Sir John Guise, Mr. Barker, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Henry Calverty, Sir Robert Markham, Sir

Robert Henley, Sir William Mr. Barker, Sir

Philip Skippon, Sir Edu ard Harley, Mr. and all

the Members that serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Lincolne; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And the same Committee is likewise impowered to examine the Abuses, Miscarriages, and Misdemeanors committed by all Under Sheriffs throughout the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Samuel Verdon be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer, at the Bar of the House, for a notorious Breach of Privilege by him committed against this House.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House that he attended his Majesty Yesterday in the Afternoon, in the Banqueting House, with the Address for removing George Earl of HaUifax from his Majesty’s Presence and Councils: And after the same was presented, his Majesty was pleased to say, " I will send you an Answer to this Address."

Ordered, That all Committees who were to sit this Committees. Afternoon be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 26° die Novembris, 1680.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquaints the House, That, both Houses Answer to having attended his Majesty in the Banqueting Address. House, Yesterday in the Afternoon, with the Address for a East; his Majesty was pleased graciously to answer,

" That his Majesty will give Order for a Day of Humiliation, as is desired."

Ordered, That the Cause concerning the Election for Taunton Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Election. Borough of Taunton in the County of Somersett, be heard, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Feltmakers. Company of Feltmakers in London, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, by the general Wearing thereof, is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Dare, of Taunton, a Prisoner Fine on in Execution, for a Fine of F'ive hundred Pounds, set upon 1)aa’> him at the King’s Suit, was read.

Ordered, That an humble Application be made to his Majesty, from this House, by such Members thereof as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, tq desire his Majesty to pardon and remit the said Fine.

Ordered, That the Lord Colraine, Sir Robert Markham, Jml50s rro- Mr. Upton, Mr. Ayloffe, Sir Philip Parker, Mr. Bond, c'<- Mr. Dutton Colt, Sir Robert Henley, Mr. Mr.

Conningsby, Mr. Duke, Mr. Briggs, Sir Trevor H dliams, , r

Mr. Bremen, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Gervase Elwes, Mr.

Burwood, Mr. St. John, be added to the Committee appointed to examine the Proceedings of the Judges in Westminster Hall.

Ordered,

rrr;-,

v;

fCtj0 Kti? si--.'

1

C:

.W-

I;-:

L.

FCZ&

!:.f

.lv.

52 Car. II. 26° Novem: 66}

Precedents of Message s.

Answer to Address-Earl of Hallifax.

Answer to

Address — Dissenters.

Trials of

Impeached

Lords.

Monmouth

Election.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of this House, and search Precedents touching the Bringing of Messages from the Lords House; and make Report thereof, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And that in the mean time, the Clerk of this House do respite the Entry of this Message in the Journal of this House.

And it is referred to Sir William Poultney, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Sacheverel!, Mr. Harbord, Colonel Titus, Lord Russell, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Pawle, Sir William Jones, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Fra. Winnington, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Francis Russell; or any Two of them.

Mr. Secretary Jenkins delivered in an Answer, in 'Writing, from his Majesty, to the Address relating to the Earl of Haiti far: Which Mr. Speaker read to the House; and is as followeth:

HIS Majesty having received the Address of this House relating to the Earl of Hallifax, hath thought fit to return this Answer;

That he conceives the said Address to be liable to several Exceptions: But having a great Desire to preserve all possible good LTnderstanding with this House, Ilechuses to decline to enter into Particulars, to avoid all Occasions of-Dispute: He therefore thinks fit to tell them, That he doth not find the Grounds in the Address of this House to be sufficient to induce him to remove the Earl of Halifax: But he answers them at the same time, That, whenever this House, shall, indue and regular Course prove any Crime either against the said Earl of Hallifax, or any other Person, who either now is, or shall hereafter be, in Tiis Council, He will leave Him or them to their own legal Defence, without interposing to protect them.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s Answer be read again Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That his Majesty had been attended by such Members of this House, as are of the Privy Council, with an Address concerning the Protestant Dissenters: And that his Majesty’s Answer is, " That they shall be discharged, and without Pees, as far as may be done according to Law: And that they shall be recommended to the Judges."

Mr. Trcby acquaints the House, That he had attended the Lords with the Message desiring their Lordships to appoint a Committee to join with a Committee of this House, for adjusting the Methods and Circumstances relating to the Tryals of the Lords in the Tower: That they would send an Answer to this House by Messengers of their own.

Sir William Poullney reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, That the said Committee having taken into Consideration the Matter touching the Election and Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Town of Monmouth, had agreed upon Four several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being again read, are as followeth;

Resolved, That the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Monmouth in the County of Monmouth doth not belong to the Burgesses, Inhabitants of the Borough of Monmouth only.

Resolved That the Burgesses Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Newport and Uske in the County of Monmouthj have a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Monmouth.

Resolved, That Charles Lord Herbert is not duly elected Vol. IX.

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Monmouth.

Resolved, That John Arnold Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Monmouth.

The First of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Monmouth doth not belong to the Burgesses, Inhabitants of the Borough of Monmouth only.

The Second of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Burgesses, Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Newport and Uske, have a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Monmouth.

The Third of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Charles Lord Herbert is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Monmouth.

The Fourth and last of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That John Arnold Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Monmouth.

Sir John Trevor reports from the Committee of Elec- Westbury ' tiens and Privileges, That the Committee, having taken E1*ctioi* into Consideration the Matter touching the Election and Return for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Wilts, had agreed upon Four several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read again, are as followeth;

Resolved, That Henry Bertie Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Wills.

Resolved, That Richard Lewis Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That William Trenchard Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Jfilts.

Resolved, That Edu ard Norton EsquirC'is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Wilts.

The First of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Henry Bertie Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Wilts.

The Second of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Richard Lewis Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Wilts.

The Third of the said Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That William Trenchard Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury in the County of Wilts.

The Fourth and last of these Resolves being read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Edward Norton Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury in the County of intis.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to amend tlue Return for the said Borough of IVeslbury.

The House being informed, from the Chairman of the said Committee, of several Miscarriages and Misdemeanors committed by Samuel Gibbs, late Mayor of the said Borough of Westbury, in the said Election;

Ordered, That the said Samuel Gibbs be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer, &t the Bar of this House, for the great Misdemeanors

664 $6* — 27® Novembris. 1680.

demeanors by him committed in the said Election and Return.

Agmnnde- Ordered, That Mr. Trtby do make his Report touching &c* the Election for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the ectiong. County of Bucks, and for the Borough of

in the County of Wilts, on Monday Morning next

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Committee*, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

'’on mouth

Return

amended.

The Clerk of the Crown, being called in, amended the Return for the Borough of Monmouth, by rasing out the Name of Charles Lord Herbert; and inserting the Name of John Arnold Esquire, instead thereof.

Sabbali, 27* die Novembris, 1680.

PllA ye its.

Protestant An ingrossed Bill for the Repeal of an Act made in the Dissenters. Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Repeal of a Statute made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

Ordered, That Sir E/iab Harvey do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Privilege — William Rapley, late Bailiff of Haslemere in the County

a person dis- of Surrey, being brought to the Bar, and there kneeling, charged. received the Censure of this House from Mr. Speaker;

and was discharged from the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Superstitious Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bequests. the better Discovery of Settlement of Estates given to superstitious Uses.

Impeachment of Mr. Seymour.

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate relating to the Articles of Impeachment against Edward Seymour Esquire, a Member of this House.

The Question being put, That the Consideration of the Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Seymour be referred to a Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That there is Matter sufficient in the First Article to impeach Mr. Seymour.

The Second Article being read;

Resolved, That there is Matter sufficient in the Second Article to impeach Mr. Seymour.

The Third Article being read;

Resolved, That there is Matter sufficient in the Third Article to impeach Mr. Seymour.

The Fourth Article being read;

Resolved, That there is Matter sufficient in the Fourth Article to impeach Mr. Seymour.

Resolved, That Mr. Seymour bS impeached upon these Articles.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare the said Impeachment.

And it is referred to Sir William Jones, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fleetwood, Mr. John Trenchard, Mr Colonel

Titus, Sir William Poultncy, Mr. Fapi/lon, Sir Fra. nington, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr Sir Thomas Stringer, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Mr. Montague, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Mr. Booth, Mr. Love, Sir William Wallet', Serjeant Rigby, Sir Christopher grave, or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be referred to the same Committee to consider of Precedents concerning the Committing a Member to Custody, when impeached in Parliament: And to report the same to the House.

The Question being put, That Sir Christopher Musgrave be added to the said Committee;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers, {*£ } for the Noes, 85.

T*r

.And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

13L

pETER and John Bode did take this Day the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for the Taking away of the Court holden before Court of the President and Council in the Marches of Wales, was Marches, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, amended the Westbury Return for Westbury in the County of Wilts, by rasing Return out the Names of Richard Lewis and Henry Bertie aaiende<1. Esquires, and inserting the Names of and Edward Norton Esquires, instead thereof.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Committees be revived; and do sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Mr. Treby reports from the Committee of Elections Wells and Privileges, That the Committee, having taken into ectl0,' Consideration the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Wells, had agreed upon Two Resolves, to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: W’here the same being read, are as followeth;

Resolved, That Edward Berkley Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wells in the County of

Resolved, That John Hall Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wells.

The first Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Edward Berkley Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wells in the County of Somersett.

The Second Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That John Hall Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borougti of Wells.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, amended the Return for the said Borough, by rasing out the Name of Edward Berkley Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Hall Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That Sir William Waller be added to the Evidsnce Committee appointed to prepare Evidence against the !l»a,ust Lords in the Tower. JX

Ordered, That an humble Application be made to his Pardon of Majesty, from this House, by such Members thereof as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty to grant a full and general Pardon to Mr, Barnard Denis.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee to whom Popish Plot, the Consideration of the Petition of Sir Thomas Whit-grave, Francis Eld, and Sampson Birche, was referred,

That the Committee, having examined the Matter relating to Sampson Bit'che, had ordered him to make the following Report; viz.

That,

Hutchinson’s

Petition.

Cane-

bottomed

Chairs.

Regulating

Elections.

3 2 Car. II.

47° Novembris.

665

That, about the Twenty-sixth of June last, the said

Birche, riding on the Road from London towards Staff, fordshire, did ask one John Bradbury, then likewise on the Road, If he had seen Mr Who answered

Yes: To. which Birch replied, That Dugdale, Oates, and

Bedloe, were Rogues, to say there was any Plot of the Papists; but it was true, there was a Plot of the Presbyterians; and he would justify it: And, as to Dugdale, he had got the French Pox; and it would come up into his Head in a Fortnight’s time; and he would not live to come into Staffordshire any more.

And further, That, about Midsummer last, one Thomas Launder being at. Dinner in at a Place

called Heaven, the said Birche came into his Company; and there affirmed openly, That there was no Popish Plot; but a Company of Rogues, and the Races in Staffordshire, had made this Plot.

That, upon full Examination of Witnesses to this Information before this Committee;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Mr. Sampson Birche is guilty of this Information.

And further, That the said Sampson Birche, being Keeper of the Prison at Stafford, did suffer Mr. Bromage, a Popish Priest condemned, to walk abroad into the Country to take the Air: But the said Birche saith, he went with the said Priest; and it was for Recovery of his Health.

Resolved, by this Committee, That the said Birche, Keeper of the Prison at Stafford, his suffering the said Priest so to walk abroad, is contrary to Law.

And further reported to the House, That the said Birch is Mustermaster of the Horse and Foot in Staffordshire, and Keeper of such Arms as have been taken from Papists upon the Discovery of the Plot; which Arms are now in his Custody.

Which Report he delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

The First of the Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the said Sampson Birche is, guilty of the said Information.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the said Birche, Keeper of the Prison at Stafford, his suffering the said Priest to walk abroad, is contrary to Law.

A Petition from the said Sampson Birche being tendered to the House.

The Question being put, That the said Petition be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of John Hutchinson being tendered to the House;

The Question being put, That the said Petition be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of John Price, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufacture, against the Making of Cane-bottomed Chairs, was read.

The Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, by the general Wearing thereof, is committed;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers .{m, cT"’ } for the Yeas, , 7.

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Stonehouse, Sir John Brookes, Mr. Arnold, Sir James Long, Mr. Barker, Sir Philip Skip-pon, Sir William Poultney, Mr. White, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Savage, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Richard Graham, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr. Wright, Sir Mr.

Vol. IX.

Duke, Sir Philip Pdrker, Sir William Hickbe added

to the Committee to whom the Bills touching the Regulating of the Elections of Members to serve in the Commons House oY Parliament, are committed.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed Address on to prepare an Address to his Majesty, upon the Debate of ^teduf tll< the House, humbly representing the dangerous State and 8 m' Condition of this Kingdom, in Answer to his Majesty's Message relating to Tangier, an Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being read, was, after a long Debate, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as followeth;

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty,

WE Your Majesty's most Obedient and Loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, having, with all Duty and Regard, taken into our serious Consideration Your Majesty's late Message relating to,

cannot but account the present Condition of it, as Your Majesty is pleased to represent it in Your said Message, after so vast a Treasure expended to make it useful, not only as one Infelicity more added to the afflicted Estate of your Majesty’s faithful and loyal Subjects, but as one Result also of the same Counsels and Designs, which have brought Your Majesty’s Person, Crown, and Kingdoms, into those great and imminent Dangers, with which at this Day they are surrounded: And we are the less surprised to hear of the Exigencies of Tangier, when we remember, that, since it became Part of Your Majesty’s Dominions, it hath several times been under the Command of Popish Governors; particularly for some time under the Command of a Lord impeached, and now Prisoner in the Tower, for the execrable and horrid Popish Plot; that the Supplies sent thither have been, in great Part, made up of Popish Officers and Soldiers; and that the Irish Papists among the Soldiers of that Garison have been . the Persons most countenanced and encouraged.

To that Part of Your Majesty’s Message, which expresses a Reliance upon this House for the Support of Tangier, and a Recommendation of it to our speedy Care; we do, with all Humility and Reverence, give this Answer; That, although, in due Time and Order, we shall omit nothing incumbent on us for the Preservation of every Part of Your Majesty’s Dominions, and advancing the Prosperity and flourishing Estate of this Your Kingdom; yet at this time, when a Cloud, which has long threatened this Land, is ready to break upon our Heads in a Storm of Ruin and Confusion, to enter into any further Consideration of this Matter, especially to come to any Resolutions in it, before we are effectually secured from the imminent and apparent Dangers arjsing from the Power of Popish Persons and Counsels, we humbly conceive will not consist either with our Duty to Your Majesty, or the Trust reposed in us by those we represent.

It is not unknown to Your Majesty, how restless the Endeavours, and how bold the Attempts, of the Popish Party, for many Years last past, have been, not only within this, but other Your Majesty’s Kingdoms, to in-' troduce the Romish, and utterly to extirpate the true Protestant Religion. The several Approaches they have made towards the compassing This their Design, assisted by the Treachery of perfidious Protestants, have been so strangely successful, that ’tis matter of Admiration to us, and which we can only ascribe to an over-ruling Providence, that Your Majesty’s Reign is still continued over us, and that we are yet assembled to consult the Means of our Preservation.

This bloody and restless Party, not content with the great Liberty they had a long time enjoyed to exercise their own Religion privately amongst themselves, to . take of an equal Freedom of their Persons and Estates with Your Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, and of an Advantage above them, in being excused from chargeable ' Offices and Employments, hath so far prevailed, as to find Countenance: From an open and avowed Practice of their Superstition and Idolatry, without Controul, in several Parts of this Kingdom, great Sw arms of Priests and

8 F Jesuits,

Address ®n State of the Kingdom.

666 2i° Novembris. A. 168.0.

Jesuits have resorted hither, and have here exercised their at the Suppression of our Religion, and the Subversion of Jurisdiction, and been daily tampering to pervert the Con- the Government.

sciences of Your Majesty’s Subjects, their Opposers they When this accursed Conspiracy began to be discovered,

have found means to disgrace; and, if they were Judges, they began the smothering it with the barbarous Murder Justices of the Peace, or other Magistrates, to have them of a Justice of the Peace within One of Your Majesty’s turned out of Commission: And, in Contempt of the own Palaces, who had taken some Examinations con-

Laws of the Land, they have practised upon People of all Ranks and Qualities, and gained over divers to their Religion; some openly to profess it, others secretly to espouse it, as mostly conduced to the Service thereof.

After some time, they became able to influence Matters of State and Government, and thereby to destroy those they cannot corrupt: The Continuance or Prorogation of Parliaments has been accommodated to serve the Purposes of that Party: Money raised upon the People, to supply Your Majesty’s extraordinary Occasions, was, by the Prevalence of Popish Counsels, employed to make War upon a Protestant State, and to advance and augment the dreadful Power of the French King; though, to the apparent Hazard of this, and all other Protestant Countries: Great Numbers of Your Majesty’s Subjects were sent into, and continued in the Service of that King; notwithstanding the apparent Interest of Your Majesty's Kingdoms, the Addresses of the Parliament, and Your Majesty’s gracious Proclamations to the contrary: Nor can we forbear to mention: How that, at the Beginning of the same War, even the Ministers of England were made Instruments to press upon that State the Acceptance of One Demand, among others, from the French King, for procuring their Peace with him; that they Should admit the publick Exercise of the Roman Catholick Religion in the United Provinces; the Churches there to be divided; and the Romish Priests maintained out of the publick Revenue.

At Home, if Your Majesty did, at any time, by the Advice of Your Privy Council, or of Your Two Houses of Parliament, command the Laws to be put in Execution against Papists; even from thence they gained Advantage to their Party, while the Edge of those Laws was turned against Protestant Dissenters, and the Papists escaped, in a manner, untouched: The Act of Parliament, injoining a J est to be taken by all Persons admitted into any publick Office, and intended for a Security against Papists coming into Employment, had so little Effect, that either, by Dispensations obtained from Rome, they submitted to those Tests, and hold their Offices themselves; or those put in their Places were so favourable to the same Interests, that Popery itself has rather gained than lost Ground since that Act.

But, that their Business in hand might yet more speedily and strongly proceed, at length a Popish Secretary, since executed for his Treasons, takes upon him to set a-foot and maintain Correspondencies at Rome (particularly with a native Subject of Your Majesty's, promoted to be a Cardinal), and in the Courts of other foreign Princes, to use their own Form of Speech, " for the subduing that pestilent Heresy, which has so long domineered over this Northern World;" that is, to root the Protestant Religion out of England; and thereby to make way the more easily to do the same in other Protestant Countries.

Towards the doing this great Work (as Mr. Colman was pleased to call it), Jesuits, the most dangerous of all Popish Orders to the Lives and Estates of Princes, were distributed to their several Precincts within this Kingdom; and held joint Councils with those of the same Order in all Neighbour Popish Countries: Out of these Councils and Correspondencies was hatched that damnable and hellish Plot, by the good Providence of Almighty God brought to Light above Two Years since, but still threatening us; wherein the Traitors, impatient of longer Delay, reckoning the Prolonging of Your Sacred Majesty’s Life (which God long preserve) as the

freat Obstacle in the Way to the Consummation of their lopes; and having in their Prospect a proselyted Prince immediately to succeed in the Throne of these Kingdoms; resolved to begin their Work with the Assassination of Your Majesty; to carry it on with armed Force; to destroy Your Protestant Subjects in; to execute a

Second Massacre in Ireland and so, with Ease, to arrive *1)

eerning it.

Amidst these Distractions and Fears, Popish Officers for the Command of Forces were allowed upon the Musters, by special Orders surreptitiously obtained from Your Majesty, but countersigned by a Secretary of State, without ever passing under the Tests prescribed by the aforementioned Act of Parliament: In like manner, above Fifty new Commissions were granted about the same time to known Papists; besides a great Number of desperate Popish Officers, though out of Command, yet entertained at Half Pay.

When, in the next Parliament, the House of Commons were prepared to bring to a legal Tryal the principal Conspirators in this Plot, that Parliament was first prorogued, and then dissolved: The Interval between the Calling and Sitting of this Parliament was so long, that now they conceive Hopes of covering all their past Crimes, and gaining a seasonable Time and Advantages of practising them more effectually: Witnesses are attempted to be corrupted; and not only Promises of Reward, but of the Favour of Your Majesty’s Brother, made the Motives to their Compliance: Divers of the most considerable of Your Majesty’s Protestant Subjects have Crimes of the highest Nature forged against them; the Charge to be supported by Subornation and Perjury, that they may be destroyed by Forms of Law and Justice.

A Presentment being prepared for a Grand Jury of Middlesex against Your Majesty’s said Brother the Duke of York e,under whose Countenance all the rest shelter

themselves, the Grand Jury were, in an unheard-of, and unprecedented, and illegal manner, discharged; and That with so much Haste and Fear, lest they Should finish that Presentment, that they were prevented from delivering many other Indictments by them at that time found among other Popish Recusants.

Because a Pamphlet came forth weekly, called, " The Weekly Pacquet of Advice from Rome," which exposes Popery, as it deserves, as ridiculous to the People; a new and arbitrary Rule was made in Your Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, rather like a Star Chamber than a Court of Law, That the same Should not for the future be printed by any Person whatsoever.

We acknowledge Your Majesty’s Grace and Care in issuing forth divers Proclamations, since the Discovery of the Plot, for the banishing Papists from about this great City, and Residence of Y our Majesty’s Court and the Parliament: But, with Trouble of Mind, we do humbly inform Your Majesty, That, notwithstanding all these Prohibitions, great Numbers of them, and of the most dangerous Sort, to the Terror of Your Majf s'\'s Protestant Subjects, do daily resort hither, and abide here.

Under these and other sad Effects and Evidence of t’ne Prevalency of PopeYy, and its Adherents, we Your Majesty’s faithful Commons found this Y our Majesty's distressed Kingdom, and other Parts of \rour Dominions, labouring, when we assembled: And therefore, from our Allegiance to Your Majesty, our Zeal to our Religion, our Faithfulness to our Country, and our Care of Posterity, we have lately, upon mature Deliberation, proposed One Remedy of these great Evils, without which (in our Judgments) all others will prove vain and fruitless; and, like all deceitful Securities against certain Dangers, will rather expose Y our Majesty’s Person to the greatest Hazard, and the People, together with all that is valuable to them, as Men or Christians, to utter Ruin and Destruction.

We have taken this Occasion of an Access to Your Majesty’s Royal Presence, humbly to lay before Y'our Majesty’s great Judgment, and gracious Consideration, this most dreadful Design of introducing Popery, and, as necessary Consequences of it, all other Calamities, into Your Majesty’s Kingdoms: And if, after all this, the private Suggestions of the subtle Accomplices of that

1

1

32 Car. II. 270- — 29°

Party and Design Should yet prevail, either to elude, or totally obstruct, the faithful Endeavours of us Your Commons, for an happy Settlement of this Kingdom, we shall have this remaining Comfort, That we have treed ourselves from the Guilt of that Blood and Desola- tien, which is like to ensue.

But our only Hope (next under God) is in Your Sacred Majesty; That, by Your great Wisdom and Goodness, we may be effectually secured from Popery, and all the Evils that attend it; and that none but Persons of known Fidelity to Your Majesty, and sincere Affections to the Protestant Religion, may be put into any Employment, Civil or Military; that, whilst we shall give a Supply to Tangier, we may he assured we do not augment the Strength of our Popish Adversaries, nor increase our own Dangers.

Which Desires of Your faithful Commons if Your Majesty shall graciously vouchsafe to grant, w e shall not only he ready to assist Your Majesty in Defence of Tangier; but do whatsoever else shall be in our Power, to enable Your Majesty to protect the Protestant Religion and Interest at Home and Abroad, and to resist and repel the Attempts of Your Majesty’s and the Kingdom s Enemies.

\°rt r A Message from the Lords by Sir Timothy Baldwin,

Staflbidblm- , . & , // 1 J J J

pcackment. and ?ami(el Uarke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have appointed a Committee of Five Lords to meet with a Committee of this Iloube, to adjust the Methods and Circumstances in the Tryal of the Lord Viscount Stafford: And have appointed the Five Lords to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Inner Court of Wards.

The Messengers being withdrawn:

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, of Ten Members of this House, to meet the Committee of Lords, to adjust the Methods and Circumstances in the Tryal of the Lord Viscount Stafford; viz. Sir William Jones, Sir Francis Winnington> Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Hamden, Sir Thomas Lee, Colonel Titus, Mr. Fowle, Mr. Garway, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Treby.

The Messengers being called in;

Air. Speaker acquaints them, That this House had appointed a Committee of this House to meet with the Committee of Lords.

King to Ordered, That such Alembers of this House as are of

atuended^11^ his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, be desired to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, When this House may attend his Majesty with an Address.

Taunton Ordered, That the Alatter touching the Election for

Election. Taunton in the County of Somcrsett be heard at the Bar of the House, on Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned to Monday Alorning, Eight of the Clock.

Lance, 29* die Novembris, 1680.

A person f~\ RD Ell ED, That John Lowes, being in Custody of

discharged. \J the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, be discharged.

Fines for M is- A Bill for ascertaining Fines upon Convictions for

demeanors. Misdemeanors, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

King to Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Jenkins be desired imme-

apoirn being diately to attend his Majesty, to know his Majesty’s Plea-aitended. sure, When this House may attend him with their Address in Answer to his Majesty’s Message relating to Tangier.

Savem* Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and

iTUhing. bring in a Bill for the-Repeal of Part of the Law already made, for regulating the Fishing in the River

And it is referred to Sir John Sir Edward Hur-

ley, Colonel Sands, Mr. Thomas Fo/eu, Sir RobeCPltikins, Vox.. IX.

Novembris. 7

Serjeant Street, Sir James Long, Mr. Barker, Mr.

Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Powle, Sir lliam Estcourt, Mr.

Houghton, Serjeant Seys, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and

Monmouth; or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill being presented to the House for the belter Se- Bexhill and curing and Payment of an Annuity or Relit Charge of Cowling One hundred and Thirty Pound per out of the *lanori"-

Manors and Farms oi Bexhill and in the County of Sussex, to the Use of the Poor of several Parishes in the County of Storey;

Ordered, That the said Bill do lie upon the Clerk’s Table:

And that it be read on Wednesday Morning next.

Sir William Jones reports from the Committee ap- Trvals of pointed to meet with the Committee of Lords, for the impeached adjusting of Methods and Circumstances relating to tire Lords.-Tryals of the Lords in the 'Tower, That tire said Committee did meet on Saturday last: And that the Committee of Lords being asked, by the Committee of this House, Whether their Lordships had any Propositions to make to the said Committee, touching the Methods and Circumstances to be had in the Tryals of the Lords in the Tower; their Lordships made Answer, That the Lords had sent down a Paper to this House, containing several Propositions; and that the Lords Committees knew of no other Propositions.

That their Lordships being asked, Whether the Commission of tire Lord High Steward were drawn ip, the same manner as that in the last Parliament was drawn; and whether the Clause Cujus precscnt'ui in hue parte rc-

yuiriturwere inserted; Their Lordships answered, That they could not give any Account thereof; but that they would make Report of the said Proposition to the House of Peers; and would afterwards give Answer to tin?

Committee therein.

That their Lordships being asked, Whether they could give any Assurance, That the Lords Spiritual would be absent at the Tryals, their Lordships made Answer, That they had no Power from the House of Lords to give any Account in that Matter; but that their Lordships would report the same to the House of Peers; and return a,n Answer to the said Committee the next Meeting.

And further, That the said Committees had agreed tp meet again at Twelve of the Clock this Day.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet the Coni'* mittee of Lords at Twelve of the Clock this Day.

Ordered, That the Executors oi Sit Matthew Hale, late Printing Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, be desired to print his Manuscripts relating to the Crown Law:

And that a Committee be appointed to take Care in the Printing thereof.

And it is referred to Sir William Jones, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Sacheverell, Mr. George Pelham, Sir Fra.

Winnington, Mr. Paul Foley.

The Clerk of the Assize for the Western Circuit, the Devon Clerks of the Peace for the County of Somersett, and the Grand Jury. Under Sheriffs for the Counties of Devon and Somcrsdt, being called in, gave the House an Account touching a Declaration marie by the Justices of the Peace for the County of Somersett at the Sessions held at Wells in January One thousand §ix hundred Seventy-and-nine; and of the Presentment made by the Crand Jury of the County of Dewon, the last Sumrper Assizes.

Resolved, That this House doth dispense with any further Attendance of the said several Persons.

Mr. Snead being called in, gave the House an Account inforraaiiou of certain Words spoken by one Edward Brett, at Ches- of exception-t ex ton in the County of Stafford; and now jn. Custody of able Words* the Serjeant at Arms attending this Ilpuse.

Ordered, That the said Edzyyrxl be discharged

from his said Confinement.

Mr*

K in cc appoints to be mteaded.

Pardon to Denis, &c.

Lord Stafford’s Impeachment.

Committing a Member impeached.

Dangerfeild’j Pardon, ice.

Lord Stafford’s Impeachment.

668 29* — -jo6 N 1680.

Mr Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That he having, according to the Order of the House, attended his Majesty, to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, When this House Should attend him with the last mentioned Address; his Majesty was pleased to appoint this House to attend him at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Banqueting House:

And further acquaints the House, That his Majesty, being humbly moved, according to the Order of the House, for a Pardon for Bernard Denis, was graciously pleased to grant the same: And though neither the said Bernard Denis, nor any other by his Appointment, did carry on the said Pardon to the Seals; yet the same, together with the Pardon granted to Mr. Tuwere now ready, under the Great Seal. And the Directions of the House were desired, Into what Hands to put the same:

Ordered, That the said Pardons be lodged in Mr. Trcby'% Hands for the Service of the House, and Benefit of the said Persons pardoned.

Resolved, That this House will come as a Committee to the Tryal of William Viscount upon the

Impeachment of the Commons.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do, de die in diem, attend the Committee appointed to examine Precedents touching the Committing a Member of this House to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, when impeached in Parliament.

A Petition of Mr. Thomas was read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed forthwith to inspect Mr. Dangerfeild's Pardon, as to the Validity

thereof; and likewise to examine, What Allowances now are, or formerly have been, made to Mr. Dangerfeild, and by whom; and to consider of the Alterations, and other Circumstances of the said Mr. Danger) Allowances; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to this House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Player, Mr. rell, Mr. Treby, Colonel Birch, Mr. Mr.

boys, Mr. White, Sir John Moreton, Sir Sam Mr. Hamden, Mr. Colt, Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Love, Mr. Cooper, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Whoruood, Sir William Ellis, and all the Members of the House that are of the Long Robe; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

viz. " That, when the Commons Should ask any Question in the Tryal, they Should apply themselves to the Lord High StewardAnd that this Committee made some Exceptions thereunto, they taking the Lord High Steward not as a necessary Part of the Court, but only as the Speaker of the House of Lords; alleging, That, when the Commons speak to the Court, they ought to say, " My Lords,’* not " My Lord, or Your Grace."

And That then the Committees adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do sit to- gether, without mingling with any other Persons, in that Place which is prepared for them, at the Tryal of the Lord Stafford: And Mr. Howard, Captain of the Yeomen of the Guards, is desired to take Care therein.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed forthwith to view the Scaffold erected in Westminster Hall for the said Tryal: And they are impowered to send for such Persons as they shall see Occasion to make use of in this Service.

And it is referred to Sir John Sir Robert

Markham, Colonel Birch, Mr. Foley, Sir John Mr. Colt, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Pilkington, Mr. Fleetzcood, Mr. Harbord, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Mr. White, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Mr Mr. Bre-

men, Lord Brandon, Sir Thomas Armstrong.

The House being informed, from the Committee ap- A Witness t* pointed to prepare Evidence against the Lords in the Tower, That a certain Person inhabiting in cust0

being summoned to appear as a Witness in the Tryals of the Popish Lords in the Tower, did refuse so to do; and that it was not convenient, that his Name Should as yet be publickly known;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to bring in Custody the said Person, to be named to Mr. Speaker from the said Committee, for his Warrant for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned to Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

ORDERED, That Sir Walter Baggott,a Mem- A Member

her of this House, have Leave to appear as a Witness in to the Tryal of William Viscount Stafford. '

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

tort!

ItrJ'i

pearb

PlivJ1

j(CK

Te*

Ikcu

Ceil

Slab

lt£

to

Lc.ite

Ams(

ba

b:d$

faffs! ptidr

Sir William Jones reports from the Committee appointed to meet with a Committee of the Lords, for Martis, 30° die Novembris, 1680.

adjusting the Methods and Circumstances relating to the

Tryals of the Lords in the Tower, That the Committee /jR DThat the Serjeant at Anns attending Members

having met, their Lordships returned an Answer to seve- this House do go with his Mace, and summon all the summoned, ral Propositions made by the Committee of this House, Members of this House, that are in or about Westminster as followeth; viz. Hall, immediately to attend the Service of the House.

That, as to the Question, Whether the Commission of Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Considera- Dangerfeild- the Lord High Steward be the same now, as it was the tien of Mr. s Pardon and Allowance from his I>ardon>&c*

last Parliament; the Lords Committees answered, That Majesty is referred, be revived; and have Power to send the Commission differs not from that which passed in the for Persons, Papers, and Records, last Parliament, otherwise than in that the Name of the 5

Lord Stafford is inserted in this Commission, in the Places Then Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

-where the Names of the Five Popish Lords impeached And a Committee of the Commons managed the Im- Lord Staf-were inserted in the former Commission. peachment against Viscount Stafford, in the

That, as touching the Lords Spiritual, Whether they Name of all the Commons of England, before the Lords would be present at the Tryal of the Lord Stafford; their *n Parliament.

Lordships have returned Assurance, That the Lords And the Managers, this Day, insisted upon the general Spiritual are not to be present at the Tryal. Evidence to prove the Popish Plot against the King’s

That their Lordships acquainted the said Committee, Person, the Protestant Religion, and Government.

That the Prisoner is to be brought Tomorrow Morning

at Ten of the Clock. T

That the said Committee, having acquainted the Lords Committees with the Vote of this House, touching their coming as a Committee to the Tryal of the Lord Stafford, made a Proposal to the Lords Committees, taking No-<tice of One- of the Rules tent down from the Lords

Post Meridiem.

THE Committee of the Commons returned to the House House., resumed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And in'

k

kvt

.>1

A

It?'

yi;'1

:t-fli »-

Lord Stafford's Impeachment.

Privilege-petition for discharge.

Taunton

Election.

Court of Marches.

Bexhill, &c. Manors.

Leave of Absence.

House

resumed.

Lord Stafford’s Impeachment.

Committees.

filers’, &c. Nat

Leave of Absence.

Privilege — A person discharged.

3 a Car. II. i° — 3

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 1® die D 1680.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn and Sir Samuel Clark;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint this House, that they intend to proceed in the Tryal of Viscount Stafford, at Ten of the Clock this Morning, in Westminster Hall.

A Petition of Samuel Gibbs, Mayor of Westbury in the County of Wilts, being in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms

attending this House, being presented to the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Clerk’s Table, in order to the Reading thereof in a hill House.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Election foy Taunton in the Coupty of Sqmersett, be heard, at the Bar of this House, on Saturday Morning next

Ordered, That the Bi|l for taking away the Court, holden before the President and Council in the Marches of Wales, be read a Second time on Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Securing and Payment of an Annuity or Relit Charge of One hundred and Thirty Pounds per Annum, out of the Manors and Farms of Bexhill and Cowding in the County of Sussex, to the Use of the Poor of several Parishes in the County of Surrey, be read on Friday Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. John Farrington, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

Then Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Post Meridiem.

THE Committee of the Commons returned to the House.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn and Sir Samuel Clarke;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords haye sent us to acquaint this House, That they have ordered the Prisoner William Viscount Stafford to be brought to the Bar in Westminster Hall, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jacis, 2® die Decembris, 1680.

JOHN Van Hattem and William Henry ComeUsson this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for the Naturalization of Peter Elers, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Edward Kynaston Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country, for Reqovery of his Health.

A Petition of John Dandridge In the Custody of the

Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That the said John Dandridge be discharged from his Confinement.

Vol. IX.

p Decembris*

Complaint being made to the House of a Breach of Pmifoge. Privilege committed by Knyvett Hastings Esquire, in striking and wounding the Servant of Render Roberts Esquire, a Member or this House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Knyvett Hastings be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer for the said Breach of Privilege by him committed.

Ordered, That nothing that hath been, or shall be said Proceeding by any Member of this House, or any Person that shall on Lord> be produced as a Witness in Behalf of the Commons Stafford’s of England, in the Tryal of William Viscount Stafford, be be^inted. ° printed or published, without the Leave of this House.

A Petition of Griffith Jones Esquire, touching the New Radnor Election for the Town of Neio Radnor in the County of Election. Radnor, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections apd Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Committee of the Commons proceeded in Lord Staf-the Management of the Evidence upon the Impeachment Im*

of the Commons of England, against William Viscount PeachBBent'

Stafford.

Post meridiem ejusdem Diei.

THE Committee of the Commons returned to the House House. resnmed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy and Lord staf-

Sir Samuel Clark; so«!chnwnt.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint this peaC men House, That they have ordered the Prisoner William Viscount Stafford to be brought again to his Tryal, at the Bar in Westminster HaU, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Secretary Jenkins acquaints the House, That his Information Majesty had commanded him to communicate to the oft*®*®-House a Letter written by Dr. Lamphire, Principal of

Hart Hall in Oxford, directed to Mr. Secretary; giving an Account, That one William Pickering, a Taylor, at Wheatley in the County of Oxon, and Brother to Pickering that was executed for the horrid Popish Plot, had spoken these Words; viz." That, if the King Should try the Lords, he Should not live half a Year:" And that the said Pickering was committed to Oxford Gaol by the said Doctor Lamphire.

Which Letter was read to foe House.

Ordered, That the Thanks of foe House be humbly presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, for this his Majesty’s most gracious Communication.

Ordered, That the said William Pickering be forthwith A person to brought up to the Bar of this House, to answer this high attend. Charge.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of this Matter be adjourned to Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 3* die Decembris, 1680.

A PETITION of Richard Rawlins, in Custody of Privilege-r-the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was £ read. ' *

Ordered, That the said Richard Rawlins be discharged from his Imprisonment.

A Bill for taking away the Court, holden before foe Court of President and Council in the Marches of Wales, was Marches, read a Second time.

8 G Resolved,

1

t.

I)thate to be resumed.

Privilege-petition for discharge.

Exporting Cloth, iVc.

Impeached

Lords.

House

resumed.

Leave of Absence.

Papers to be printed.

Lord Stafford s Impeachment.

Debate

deferred.

Information

communi-

cated.

670 3° — 4® Decembris. 1680.

Resolved, 'that the said Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Street, Sir William Jones, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Richard Mason, Mr. Potvle, Sir Robert Henley, Mr. Mansell, Sir John Knight, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Edward Morgan, Mr. Price, Sir Robert Thomas, Colonel Titus, Sir Era. Winnington, Mr. Arnold, Mr. John Trevor, Mr. Mostin, Serjeant Seys, Mr. Hamden, Sir Mr. Henley, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Sir Hugh

Owen, Mr. Phillips, Sir Richard Corbett; and all the Members of the Long Robe: And all the Members that serve for the Counties of Salop, Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, and Monmouth :And all the Members that serve for North Wales and South Wales: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Matter be referred to the Consideration of the Committee appointed to receive Informations relating to the Popish Plot: Who are forthwith to proceed upon the same; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Waters do forthwith bring the said Welsh to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Committees, be revived; and do sit in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the Information Yesterday communicated to the House from his Majesty, be resumed this Afternoon, when the Committee of this House returns from the Tryalof William Viscount Stafford: And that the Serjeant at Arms attended this House do give the Members of this House Notice thereof in the mean time.

A Petition of Joint Hutchinson Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Hutchinson be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill for exporting Cloth, and other Woollen Manufactures, be read a Second time, in a full House.

Ordered, That Edward Vaughan Esquire be added to

the'Committee appointed to prepare Evidence against the Lords in the Tower.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Post meri.

THE Committee of the Commons returned to the House.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Colonel Slowed, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Leave be given to print some of Mr.

Colemans Letters and Declaration, that are in the Custody of Mr. Trcby, relating to the Popish Plot; to complete his Report and Narrative ordered to be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwyn and Sir Samuel Clark;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint this House, That they have ordered William Viscount Stafford to be brought again to his Tryal at the Bar in Westminster Hall, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the

Clock.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, relating to the Information Yesterday communicated to this House from his Majesty, be further adjourned to Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Thomas Waters being called in, gave the House an Account, That one Welsh, a Soldier, had informed him, That an ancient Man, whose Name he knows not, is detained a Prisoner in the Tower; and hath Matters of Importance to discover, relating to the Lord Viscount

Stafford, and the Popish Plot.

Sabbati, 4* die Decembris, 1680.

ORDERED, That Mr. Sanderson, a Member of Leave of this House, have Leave to go into the Country, for Absence’ Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Jenkins be added to the Court of Committee to whom the Bill for taking away the Court, Marches, holden before the President and Council in the Marches of Wales, is committed.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Election for the Taunton Town of Taunton in the County of which was Election,

appointed for this Day*, be heard at the Bar of this House, on Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for the better securing the Payment of an Bexhill.&t. Annuity or Relit Charge of One hundred and Thirty Manors. Pounds per Annum, out of the Manors and Farms of Bexhill and Cmcdingin the County of Sussex, to the Use of the Poor of several Parishes in the County of Surrey, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker, according to the Order of the House, popish Plot acquaints the House, That Mr. had in- in Ireland,

formed him, That there were Twenty-five Persons unnamed to him by Mr. Hetherington, who are Witnesses relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland: And that Mr. Hetherington did not think it convenient that the Names or Circumstances of them Should be known: And that he had received from Mr. Hetherington the Names of Nine other Witnesses alleged to be at the Charge of Mr. Hetherington, in great measure, Mr. Edmund Murphy, Mr. John Mryer, Mr. Daniel Mr.

James Gallaghan, Mr. Bernard Dent ’s, Mr. Eustace

Cornyne, Mr. George Murphy, Mr. William and Captain James Morley.

Ordered, That it be recommended from this House to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to give Order for the Issuing out of the Sum of One hundred Pounds to Mr. Hetherington, for the present Support of Himself, and his said Witnesses.

Mr. Speaker did also further acquaint the House, That he, according to the Order of the House, had received some Intimation of other Witnesses, relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland; and named them; Mr.

Daniel Fitzgerald, Mr. Thomas Samson, Mr. John Mac-namarra, Mr. Hobert Bourck, Mr. John Fitzgerald.

Ordered, That it be recommended from this House to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to give Order for the Issuing out the Sum of Seventy Pounds for these Witnesses, for their present Support.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Warrant, to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to apprehend and bring in Custody, such Persons as shall be named to Mr. Speaker by Mr. Arnold, a Member of this House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And

Lord Stafford’s Impeachment

House

resumed.

Attendance of a person deferred.

32 Car.II. 40 — 6* — 7 671

And the Committee of the Commons proceeded in the Management of the Impeachment against William Viscount Stafford, before the Lords in Parliament.

Post Meridiem.

THE Committee of the Commons returned to the House.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

go, Tomorrow Morning, with their Speaker, to the Fa of the House of Lords; and demand Judgment, upon the Impeachment of the Commons of England, against William Viscount Stafford.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do go into the Court in Westminster Hall Tomorrow Morning, before this House shall have demanded Judgment, at the Bar of the House of Lords, upon the Impeachment of the Commons of England, against William Viscount Stafford: And that Mr. Howard, have Notice hereof.

The House being informed, That Mr. William Starcell, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, is sick, and not able to appear before this House;

Ordered, That Mr. Stawell have a Month’s time given him for such his Appearance.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Committee*. Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.,

Ai*.

C-:

It*!,

Li-

ke

)L*

hi

in,:;-

Lord Stafford’s Impeachment.

Committees.

Leave of

Absence.

Privilege — Petitions for discharge.

Lord Stafford's Impeachment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin and Sir Samuel Clark;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to acquaint this House, That they have ordered William Viscount Stafford to be brought again to the Bar in Westminster Hall, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 7* die Decembris, 1680.

J/TfiLLIAM Leonardson Robolt did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned to Monday Morning, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 60die Decembris, 1680. Prayers.

JOHN Lovis did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Nosworthy the younger, and Mr. Serjeant Rigby, Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

A Petition of Knyvett Hastings Esquire, in Custody

of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Hastings be discharged from any further Confinement.

A Petition of Richard Thompson Clerk, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being presented to the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Committee of the Commons did proceed in the Management of the Impeachment against William Viscount Stafford before the Lords in Parliament.

Post Meridiem.

Resolved, That the Committee appointed to manage the Suf_

Impeachment against William Viscount Stafford, be im- ford’* impowered, in case the House of Lords shall proceed, im- peachment. mediately after the Fact found, to give Judgment, to insist upon it, That it is not Parliamentary for their Lordships to give Judgment, until the same be first demanded by this House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Committee of the Commons, appointed for the Management of the Impeachment against William Viscount Stafford, were present at the Court in Westminster Hall, when the Lords found William Viscount Stafford Guilty of the High Treason, whereofhe stands impeached.

The Committee of the Commons returned to the House.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard be desired forthwith to clear the Places, appointed for the Members of this House to sit at the Tryal of William Viscount Stafford in Westminster Hall, of all Persons whatsoever.

The House then, with Mr. Speaker and the Macer went up to the Bar of the Lords House; and, by Mr.

Speaker, in the Name of the Commons, and in the Name of all the Commons of England, demanded Judgment of High Treason against William Viscount Stafford, upon the Impeachment of the Commons.

The House being returned;

Ordered, That Doctor Burned be desired to preach be- x>r. Burnett fore this House, at St. Margarett's, Westminster, upon the to preach on Fast-day appointed by his Majesty’s Proclamation: And Fast-day. that Colonel Titus is desired to acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Doctor Spratt be likewise desired to preach before this House on the same Day: And Sir John Trevor is desired to acquaint him herewith.

,. THE Committee of Commons returned to the

resumed. House.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lovis' Nat Ordered, That the Name of John Lovis, who this Day 1 ' took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, be inserted in the Bill of Naturalization.

Lord staf- A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin lord’s Trial, and Sir Samuel Clark;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they have appointed William Viscount Stafford to be brought to the Bar in Westminster Hall, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to hear Judgment.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will Vol. IX.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy Baldwin Staf_ and Sir Samuel Clark-, ford’s lm-

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to ac- peachment, quint this House, that their Lordships are going presently into Westminster Hall, to give Judgment against William Viscount Stafford.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Committee of the Commons, appointed for the Management of the Impeachment against William Viscount Stafford, were present at the Court iu Westminster Hall, when the Lords gave Judgment of High Treason against William Viscount Stafford, upon the Impeachment

of the Commons.

The Committee of the Commons returned to the House.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered,

672 7? — 8° Decembris. Jt. i48q.

Committed Ordered., That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

Kobolt'iNat Ordered, That the Name of William Leonardson Ro-bolt, who this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy at the Clerk’s Table, be inserted in the Bill of Naturalization.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 8° die D, 1680.

And sonje Exceptions being taken thereto;

Ordered, That the Address be re-committed to the same Committee: And that Sir John Treoor he added to the said Committee: Who are to proceed upon this Business at Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

A Petition of Sampson Birch, in Custody of the Ser- Privilego-jeant at Arms attending this House, was read. a person di$.

Ordered, That the said Sampson Birch be brought to c"ar8pd' the Bar; and do receive the Censure of this House, upon his Knees, from Mr. Speaker; and be then discharged, paying his Fees.

Which was done accordingly.

JOHN Woder and John Oort did this Day take the Oaths of| Allegiance and Supremacy at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Woder’s.fcc. Ordered, That the Names of the said John Woder and NaU John Oart be inserted in the Bill of Naturalization.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the respective Places formerly appointed.

Taunton The House being informed, that Sir John Cutler, who ection. is returned as One of the Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Taunton in the County of

sett, is satisfied that he is not duly elected a Burgess to serve for the said Borough; and that his Counsel was attending at the Door, ready to acknowledge the same;

The Counsel for the said Sir John Cutler, as likewise the Counsel for Edward Esquire, and the Counsel for the said Borough, being called in;

And the Counsel for the said Sir John Cutler admitting That Edmund Prideaux Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve for the said Borough;

Resolved, That Sir John Cutler is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton.

Resolved, That Edmund Prideaux Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, amended the Return for Taunton, by rasing out the Name of Sir John Cutler', and inserting the Name of Edmund Prideaux Esquire, in the room thereof, in the Indenture.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Bridstock Hartford, and Mr. John Absence. Booth, both Members of this House, have Leave to repair into the Country.

Call of the Resolved, That this House be called over on the First

House. Tuesday in January next: And that such Members as shall then make Default in attending the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to send his Letters to the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties, and to the several Mayors, Bailiffs, and other proper Officers in the several Cities, Boroughs, Corporations, and Cinque Ports of this Kingdom; requiring them to give Notice to all such Members of this House that serve for such respective Places, as have absented themselves from the Service of this House without Leave, to attend the House within Ten Days after this Day.

Agmonde- Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of ham Elec- Elections and Privileges do report the Matter touching tlon* the Election for the Borough of Ag?nondeskam< in the County of Bucks, Tomorrow Morning.

Address — sir Trevor Williams reports from the Committee ap-

Misdemea- P°‘nteclt0 prepare an Address to his Majesty, desiring his nor. Majesty to remit the Fine set upon Benjamin Harris, for

w inch he continues in Prison, an Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w'as read.

Sir Richard Corbett reports from the Committee of Eye Election. Elections and Privileges, to whom the Matter touching the Election and Return for the Borough of Eye in the County of Suffolk was referred; That the Committee, having taken the same into Consideration, bad agreed upon Four Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being read, are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That Sir Charles Gaudy is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye in the County of Suffolk.

Resolved, That Sir Robert Reeve is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Eye.

Resolved, That Charles Fox Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Eye.

Resolved, That George Welsh Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Eye.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time, to the House;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Charles Gaudy is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Eye.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Robert Reeve is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Eye.

The Third of the said Resolves being read.....;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Charles Fox Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Eye.

The Fourth of the said Resolves bping read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That George Welsh Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Eye.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said Borough.

The House taking notice of several Abuses and Misdemeanors committed in the Borough and Corporation of Eye relating to Elections, and otherwise;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine into the said Abuses and Misdemeanors; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Moreton,

Mr. Wright, Sir Rowland Guyrm, Sir Roger Hill, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Head, Mr. Colt, Sir William Yorke, Sir Gervase Elves, Sir John Newton, Sir John Hobbarl, Lord Sherraa'd, Mr. Gray, Sir Sir

William Bastardy Mr. Banks, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Sir Richard Temple; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Notfolk and Suffolke; or any Five of them;

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this After-nopn, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for.Persons, Papers, and Records.

22 Ordered,

e

3

‘Pr,,

' o

lN

yz Car. II- 8# — 5? Pe^etnkris. 673

Ipswich Q.rdercdi That Ms- Speaker do> issqe put his Wanjant

Election. to, the Clerk of the Crown to make out % new Writ, for the Election of a.ljqrgess tpstpe inffiispFeseutParUa^em for> the Eocough of- Ipswich in, the County- of ip

thenoom ot; Gilbert LindfcMdE?qp\je, deceased.

Privilege — A Petition of Sir Thomas Whitgraspe, ip, Custody, of the

a person Seijjeant at Arms attending this House, was. repd, discharged. Ordered, That the said Sir Thomas Whitgrqvp, be ' brought to the Bar; and do receive the Qensure of this House, upon his Knees, from, Mr. Speaker; aufi be then discharged, paying his Fees.

Which was done accordingly.

Ditto. Ji. Petition of Johji Hutchinson Esquire, in Custody of

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Hutchinson be brought to the Bar; and do receive the Censure of this House, upon his Knees, from Mx. Speaker; and be then discharged, paying his Fees.

Which was done accordingly.

A person Mr. Vaughan, Clerk of the Peace for the County of

discharged Devon, was called in.

ar0°c"l Atten Ordered, That the said Mr. Vaughan be discharged from any further Attendance upon this House.

Privilege — A Petition of Henry TValrond, in Custody of the Ser-Petiuons for jcaaL at Arms attending this House, was read, isc arge. Ordered, That the said Mr. JValrond have Time to appear at the Bar of this House to the Third Day of next.

A Petition of Samuel Gibbs, late Mayor of Westbury in the County of Wills, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was read.

Ordered, That this Petition be taken into Consideration on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Privilege. Ordered, That William Tyler Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer, at the Bar, for a Breach of Privilege by him connnited against tins House.

Privilege — A Petition of Richard Thompson Clerk, in Custody of

Petition the Serjeant at Anns, was read.

in°cMtodyS.on Ordered, That the Consideration of this Petition, as also of the Matter of the Consideration, for which the said Richard Thompson stands committed, be referred to Colonel Birch, Sir John Moreton, Mr. White, Mr.

Mr. Upton, Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Sir

William Bastard, Mr. Arnold, Sir Trevor Mr.

Wandesford, Sir William Roberts, Sir John Hariup, Sir // 7 Ilium Cooper, Sir Jonathan Keale, Mr. Duboys, Mr. Hamden, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. I/rce, Mr. Trenc/utrd, Serjeant Scys, Sir Henry Cdkoerly, Sir Henry Foord, Sir Gilbert Gerald, or any Five of them, to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. A Petition of William Jorden, in Custody of the Ser-

jeant at Arms, was read.

Ordered, That the said William Jorden be brought to the Bar; and do receive the Censure of this House, upon his Knees, from Mr. Speaker; and be then discharged. Which was accordingly done.

Jem, 9r die Decembris, l68Q>

f\RDEBbED\ That a Committee be appointed to po*t-Offiev. inspect the Law made for the Erecting and Establishing a Post Office; and to bring in, a Bill or Bills for regulating tins Fogt Office.

' And it is, inferred, to Ma Colt, Sir Samuel Sir, Francis Russell, Mr. Slater, Sir Philip M a

-B np/ifn, Mf. Evelin, Sir George Downing, Sir Henry

Thompson, Mr. Foley, Sit John Hartop, Sir William Bastard, Ma Hamden, Mr. Duboys, Mr, Love, Mr. pillon, Mr. Con/iingsby, Aljr. Burdett, Colonel Whitley,

Mr«. Grey, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Henry Calverly, Air.

Pollirjien, Mr. Pierpoini, Sir John KnAir. White, and all, the Members of the House thftt are Merchants; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in, the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Air. John Grey and Mr. Nicolas Heme, Leave of Alembers of this House, have Leave to go into the Absence. Country.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Coinage, and bring in a Bill for regulating the Coinage; and for Continuance of the Law made concerning Coinage.

And it is referred to Sir George Downing, Mr. Powle,

Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Evelin, Sir Thomas Player, Colonel Birch, Mr. Colt, Mr. Duboys, Sir Samuel Bemardiston, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Roger Hill, Air.

Onslow, Sir William Yorke, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Thompson, Mr. Hamden, Colonel Titus, Mr. Foley, Air.

Pilkington, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Love, Sir John More-ton, Sir John Newton, Mr. Buscazcen, Mr. Harbord; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Woolrich, a Member of this House, Leave of have Leave to repair into the Country. Absence.

Sir Robert Corbett reports from the Committee of Rygate Elections and Privileges, to whom the Aiatter of the Election. Election for the Borough of Rygate in the County of rey was committed; That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon the following Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same being read, are as followeth;

Resolved, That Ralph Freeman Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough o VRyegaiein the County of Surrey.

Resolved, That Deane Goodwin Esquire is duly elected

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Ryegate in the County of Surrey.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Ralph Freeman Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Ryegate in the County of Surrey.

Ihe Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Deane Goodwin Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Ryegate in the County of Surrey.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Earle, a Member of this House, Abtence have Leave to go into the Country for the Recovery of his Health.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. IX.

A Afotion, being made to the House, That Sir William Leave of Spring, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into Absence, the Country;

And the Question being put, That he have such Leave;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

8 H Tellers,

Exporting

Leather.

Eye Return amended.

Popish Plot.

674 90 DecembriA. 1680.

rp , f Sir Samuel Bemardiston,~\ c v 0

Tellere’ \Mr. }f0r *he Yeas’ »-

>p /Sir John Moreton, 1- XT

Tellers’ {Mr. Harbord, }for the Noes> 59-

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Bill for exporting Leather was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Dawning, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir John Knight, Mr. Lave, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Barker, Mr. Cotton, Sir Thomas Clarges, Colonel Birch, Sir Vere Fane, Sir William Franklin, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Mr. Slater, Sir

Roger Hill, Sir Henry Foord, Sir Samuel Bemardiston, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Duboys, Mr. Papillon, Sir Henry Thompson, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. White, Sir John Guyes, Sir Wm. Estcourt, Sir Henry Calverly, Sir John Trevor, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Thomas Thynn, Mr. Hales: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in; amended the Return for the Borough of Eye in the County of Suffolk. by taking off the Indenture, whereby Sir and Sir Robert Reeves, were returned.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Ryegate in the County of Surrey.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee appointed to examine the Matter of the Information given to this House by Mr. Peter Norris, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had not thought fit to come to any Resolution therein: But had ordered him to report the Matter especially to the House: Which Report he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth;

That the Committee, in the first place, after Hearing of the said Norris his Complaint, That several Papers were taken from him, sent for the said Papers, which were informed to them, to be in a Chest in the Council Chamber: Which Papers were brought to this Committee, by an Inventory: Which the said Norris then acknowledged to he all: And they still remain with this Committee.

In the next place, They proceeded to examine, Upon what Occasion the said Mr. Norris was sent beyond Sea: Which not only by the said Papers, but also by a Certificate delivered to the Chairman of this Committee, from the Earl of Essex; and divers other Informations, as well as the said Norris his Instructions, given by Doctor; was, to fetch over one Dowdall, an I Priest, who had been

conversant with the Priests in France and Flanders, who managed the Plot both in England and Ireland; and, mixing himself amongst them, was privy to the whole Plot; which the said Dowdall, by several Letters, had made

known to Doctor Tonge: Which Letters were perused by the Earl of Essex; and also Satisfaction was given by a known Merchant in London, That the said Dowdall was an honest man, of good Understanding, and might be credited.

Then the Committee proceeded to inquire, Who at any time had Knowledge of the Sending over for the said Dowdall; and found by an Order of Council, bearing Date the Eighteeenth Day of July One thousand Six hundred Seventy-nine, That the said Dowdall, by the Name of Edward Dowdall, was permitted to come from Dover: and stay for a Alonth: But in that Order there is no Alention of Dowdall's being a Priest.

And it likewise appears to this Committee, That not long after the said Order for his coming over, Dowdall died, and not without suspicion, that it was a violent Death: But it doth not appear to this Committee, That the Death of Dowdall was known in England till after the Return of Norris, who was sent to fetch the said Dowdall over; which was about Ten Months after the Date of the said Order of Council.

Upon which, this Committee proceeded to examine, How it came to pass, That the said Norris was in such Danger beyond Sea, and particularly at his coming aboard the racquet Boat at Calais; and likewise his Imprisonment at Dover in the common Prison, and his being brought from Dover by a Messenger: And they found the Cause of it to be by a Description given of Peter Norris to Secretary Jenkins the Twenty-ninth of May One thousand Six hundred Eighty, in these Words;

" Peter Notris, some calls him Morris, a Scotchman, handsome, neat Face, sanguine Complexion, Short Nose, bald-pated, white Wig, slender Body, little Stature, civil and smooth in Discourse, speaking French, aged Thirty-four Years more or less; Taylor by TradeAnd, under this Description, written with another Hand and Ink, these Words, " Went into France on Wednesday was Three WTeeks, to bring with him a Priest."

Thereupon, this Committee proceeded to examine, Who brought this Description to the said Secretary; and where and by whom it was drawn, with all the Circumstances that they could find about it: And first they found That Thomas Sheridan, a Gentleman, who affirmed himself a Protestant, born in Ireland; heretofore employed in collecting the Revenues there, and lately with the Duke at his Court at Brussells, and came over with him in the same Yacht; confessed, upon his Examination, That hecarried the said Description to the said Secretary: But, it being shewed him, he denied the Writing any I‘art of it, save the last Line: But coufesseth that it was written and brought to him by one Anthony Day, Doctor of Physick to the late Army in Flanders: Whereupon the said Sheridan was commanded to produce the said

and, with him, to attend.

Doctor Day and Mr. Sheridan both appearing, were examined severally; and first the said Day, who confessed himself a Papist, and pretended very little Knowledge of Mr. Sheridan; but that, coming to give him a Visit, which he had not done of Six Weeks before, Mr. Sheridan began to discourse of News; and particularly of the Plot: To which the said Doctor replied, That now the whole Plot would be discovered, and laid open; for he heard there was one gone beyond Sea to fetch over a Priest, that knew of the whole Plot; and doth not remember any thing more at that time but common Discourse: But some few Days after, meeting with Air. Sheridan, the said Mr. Sheridan desired him to describe the Person that was so sent over: The said Doctor replied, That he knew not the Person that was gone, nor the Priest he was to fetch; but that John Butler, Keeper of a Brandy Shop near the French Ambassador’s, upon Discouse, had told him so: To whom Air. Sheridan desired him to go, and get the Description: Which he did accordingly: And the Description being shewed him, confessed he writ it from his Mouth, save the last Line: But saith, That Person is now dead, who gave him the said Description; but his W’ife is living.

Air. Sheridan, being then called in, and examined, said, He had no great Acquaintance with the said Doctor; and seldom saw him but upon a Visit, which haply might be once a Week, or the like: Confesseth, that the said Doctor told him, as News, The Plot would now be laid open; for there was one sent over into France to fetch a Priest that knew' of the whole Plot: And further said, That he that went over, knew also as much of the Plot as any Man in England: Whereupon the said Sheridan confessed, That he went shortly after, but remembers not how long, to Secretary Jenkins; and told him, That there was one gone over into France that knew as much of the Plot as any Man: And that he went over to fetch a Priest, that also knew the whole Plot; which he, the said Sherridan, supposed, was to be a Witness: Upon which the said Secretary commanded him the said Sherridan to give him a Description of the Person so sent over; but remembers no other Discourse at that time: But that some Short time after (but remembers not how long) he met with Me.Day; who gave him the Description, in the Presence of Air.

John

Gloucester

Election.

Committees.

Tryal of Peers.

32 Car. II. 9°- — 10° Decembris. ~ 675

John Wilson, of the Middle Temple: Which he shortly after delivered to Mr. Secretary; and used, as he remem- ' bers, only these Words, "Sir, Here is the Description of the Person I mentioned to you."

After this Description so delivered to the Secretary, a Letter was written by Mr. Cooke; which Mr. Secretary declared at the Committee, he would take upon himself, in these Words following;

Sir, Whitehall, May 31th, 1680.

THE Right honourable Sir Jenkins, One of

his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, being hastily called this Day to wait upon his Majesty at Windsor, hath commanded me to send you the inclosed Description of a Person, who, if he shall happen to come from France, and land at your Port, Mr. Secretary saith, you will do the Kinj* and Kingdom a great Service, if you will keep a strict Lye upon him, and the Company that shall arrive with him, till they be all brought before Mr. Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate of your Town, whom Mr. Secretary desires to offer the said Persons the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; and, in case of their or any of their Refusal of the same, to secure them, and deal with them according to Law; giving Mr. Secretary an Account, with w hat Speed may be, of all the Proceedings in this Affair: If such a Person, as is here described, Should come, and make no Bones of taking the aforesaid Oaths; yet, in case Mr. Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, before whom they are brought, shall have reasonable Ground to suspect, that he is the Man so described; and that he hath One or more in his Company, who may be reasonably suspected to be Priests; some handsome Course is to be taken to detain them, till Mr. Secretary can be acquainted with what is done, and send such further Directions as shall be thought necessary. Mr. Mayor’s Authority, with your Prudence and Zeal in this Matter, will, I hope, produce a good Effect upon this Command.

I am, Sir,

Your very humble Servant, John Cooke.

Pray favour me with a Line, that this conies safe to your Hands.

Vera Copia. John Pepper.

Upon which, Norris was committed to the common Prison, as is mentioned in his Complaint.

All which being of more than an ordinary Nature, this Committee thought not fit to give any Opinion; but humbly referred it to the Wisdom of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Slierriand Mr. Day be forthwith brought, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to the Par of this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, forthwith to search the Papers of the said Mr. and Mr.

Day; and to report the same to the I louse.

And it is referred to Sir John Morclon, Mr. Colt, Colonel Birch, Sir John Coventry, Lord Brandon, Mr.

Harhord, Mr. Bremen, Sir William Roberts, Sir William Waller, Mr. Vernon-, or any Three of them.

Peers of England, is committed: And all that come are to have Voices at the said Committee.

Sir William Roberts acquaints the House, from the Paper* to be Committee appointed to search Mr. Papers, Marched for-

That the Committee had seized several of his Papers:

Which were delivered in to the House.

Mr. Sherridon being called in, was examined in the Matter touching the Report this Day made of Mr.

Norris's Information.

And being w-ithdrawn;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, in the Presence of the Committee last mentioned, search Mr Sherridon, for such Papers as he hath about

him: And that such Papers be produced to the House.

Ordered, That the House of Mr. Bumetti, in Yorke Buildings, where the said Mr. Sherridon lately lodged, be immediately searched by the same Committee: And if they shall find any suspicious Papers, that they bring them to the House: And that Mr. Lucy, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Arnold, Lord Annesly, and Lord Dursley, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Brunetti do attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Papers of Mr. Sherridon, now delivered into the House, be perused by Mr. Papillon, Mr.

Duboys, Sir RmlandGuynn, Mr. Upton, Sir Winnington, Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Foley, or any Three of them: And that the same be committed to the Charge of Mr. Papillon for the Service of the House: And the said Committee are to make Report thereof to the House, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search the House where Mr. Day formerly lodged in Princess Street: And that they bring with them all such suspicious Papers as they shall there find.

And it is referred to Mr. Colt, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Holman,

Mr. Onsleno, Sir Gilbert Gerald; or any Three of them.

Mr. Dau being called in, was examined in the said Matter.

Mr. Lucy acquaints the House from the Committee appointed to search Mr. Brunetti's House, That they had accordingly searched the same; but did not find any Papers therein that gave Suspicion.

Ordered, That tire further Consideration of the whole Matter be, adjourned to Ten of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Sherridon and Mr. Day do severally. continue in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms during the Pleasure of this House: And that no Person be admitted to come to them, but such as shall have Occasion to bring them Necessaries.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 10° die Decembris, 1680.

A Motion being made to the House, That the Matter touching the Election for the City of Gloucester, be appointed to be heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges, on the Third Day of January next;

Ordered, That the Consideration of this Motion be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Complaint made against Mr. Tyler be referred to the Committee of Privileges; to examine the same: And they are to proceed therein in the first Place; and make Report thereof to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the respective Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Lord Russell, Lord Brandon, Mr. Montague, Lord Dursley, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Regulating the Tryal of the Vox.. IX.

A BILL for Naturalization of Peter Elers, and Elers’, &c. others, was read a Second time. Nat.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Philip Parker, Mr. Henley, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Barker, Sir John Knight, Mr. Love,

Mr. Stratf ord, Mr. Slater, Serjeant Seys, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. Colt, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Paul Foley,

Sir Ralph Delavull, Sir John Brookes, Mr.

Mr. Fulf ord, Sir John Moreton, Sir Robert;

and all the Members that serve for the City of London:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Holman acquaints the House from the Com- Paper* mittee appointed to search the House where Mr. searched for.

lately lodged, for such Papers as were suspicious, That they had made such Search, and seized a Box with several Papers therein; as likewise, a Letter Case, wherein were

several

Leave of

Absence.

Absentees

without

Leave.

Ryegate

Return

amended.

Brooks', &c.

Petition.

Papers examined.

Right of petitioning.

Impeachment of Sir F, North*

11* Decembrist i68ot

several Papers: WliicK were delivered to the Rouse, together with the Key of the Trunk, wherein the said' Ph-pers lay.

Ordered That the said Key, Letter Case, and Papers therein, be restored to Mr. Day.

Ordered, That the Perusal of the Papers contained io the said Bor be referred to the Committee appointed to peruse Mr. Sherridoris Papers: Who are to make Report thereof to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hemming and Sir William Members of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Ordered, That the-Chairman of the Committee ap- Complaint pointed to examine the Matter of the Information against "g*0*1 Sir Robert Peyton, a Member of this House, da make R-Peyton* Report thereof To-morrow- Morning: And that Sir Robert Peyton do attend in his Place at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Agmonde*. Elections and Privileges do make Report of the Matter bamElection. touching the ' Election for the Borough of in the County of Bucks, Tomorrow Morning at Nine

of the Clock: And the same is to be the first Business to be entered upon.

Ordered, That the Order of this' House, made on-

Wedtiesdaylast, for summoning such Members as have absented themselves without the Leave of the House to attend within Ten Days, that the Time be extended5"to Teh Days from Saturday next.

The Clerk of the Crown, being called in, amended the Return for the Borough of Ryegate in the County of Surrey; by rasing out the Name of Ralph Freeman Esquire, and inserting the Name of Deane Godwin Esquire, in the Indenture.

A Petition of Joshua Brooks, and other Merchants, being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie on the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Papillon acquaints the House from the Committee

appointed to peruse Mr. Sherridon's Papers, That they had accordingly perused the same; and had ordered him to make a special Report of several Letters: Which he read in his Place; and then delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That all the rest of Mr. Sherridon's Papers seized by the Committee, that have no Matter which may be of publick Concerns in them, be restored to him.

Mr. Trenchardreports from the Committee appointed to inquire after all such Persons as have offended against the Right of the Subject to petition his Majesty for the Sitting of Parliaments, That the Committee had agreed upon the following Resolve: Which he read in his Place: And afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth;

Resolved, That Captain Castle, by obstructing Petitioning to his Majesty for the Sitting of this Parliament, hath offended against the Rights of the Subject.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Captain Castle, by obstructing Petitioning to his Majesty for the Sitting of this Parliament, hath offended against the Rights of the Subject.

And further reports from the said Committee, That, Information being given to the said Committee, That Mr. Christopher Darcy had tom a Petition, which was brought to the Grand Jury for the County of the

last Lent Assizes, to be by them subscribed, and presented to his Majesty, for the Sitting of this Parliament; Mr. Darcy, upon a Summons, did appear before the said

Committee; and, being examined, did acknowledge the Tearing of the Petition; because the greatest Part of the Grand Jury were not willing to sign it: And that he said further, That he did it, because it was against the King’s Proclamation: Which he thought to be Law, being a young Man never before engaged in any publick Affairs.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Darcy be discharged from further Attendance.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine the Proceedings of the Judges in and

to prepare an Impeachment against Sir Francis North, Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, do make Report to the House of the several Matters to them referred, on Monday Morning next.

The House then resumed the adjourned Debate, con- Popish Plot ceming the Matter of the Information formerly given to the House by Mr. Peter Norris.

Mr. Day and Mr. Sherridonwere severally called in; and examined.

After which, Colonel Mansell and Mr. Warcup were called in; and gave an Account to the House relating to the same Matter.

Mr. Sherridon, in his Examination, having mentioned that a Paper which was found in his Lodging, and now shewed to him, was, as he conceived, written by one Wilson, who lodged in the same House with him; and that another Paper, being a Letter directed to the said Mr. Sherridon, was received by a Maid Servant in the same House, known by the Name of Phebey;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Wilson, and the said Maid Servant, be summoned to attend at the Bar of this House.

The Matter being debated in the House;

And Mr. Secretary Jenkins having given an Account to the House of his Proceedings therein; and being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the late Imprisonment of Peter Norris, at Dover, was illegal: And that the Proceedings of Sir Leoline Jenkins Knight, One of the Principal Secretaries of State, by describing the Person of the said Peter Norris, and directing such his Imprisonment, was illegal and arbitrary, and an Obstruction to the Evidence for the Discovery of the horrid Popish Plot.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of this Debate be adjourned to Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of th*

Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 11* die Decembris, 1(580.

Prayers.

JAMES Raillard did this Day take the Oaths of Raill«rd’s Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in Nat. order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Name of the said James Raillard be inserted in the Bill of Naturalization.

Mr. John Loggin, and other Merchants, being called Login’s, Ac, in, avowed a Petition subscribed by them, which was Petition. Yesterday read to the House.

A Bill for Sale of the Manor of Billingford, and other chisenhale’* Lands in the County of Nmfolke, for Payment of the Estate. Debts of Sir Edward Chisenhale, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time, after Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Austin, a Leave of Member of this House, to go into the Country for Absence. Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Bill for supplying the Laws made Bankrupt*, against Bankrupts be read on Tuesday Morning next, after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

Ordered, That Sir Bryan Stapleton, a Member of this Leave of House, hare Leave to go into toe Country. Absence.

A Petition

Castle's

Petition.

A person discharged.

Agmon-

desham

Election.

Marlow

Election.

Privilege

libellous

Paper.

3 a Car. II. 11"~ 130 D 677

A Petition of Captain William Castle being presented Ordered, That the said Mr. Wilson be taken into to the House; Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Clerk’s Ordered, That Mr. Day, being in Custody of the Ser-

Table, jeant at Anris attending this House, be discharged from

further Confinement.

Ordered, That Michael Ball, in Custody of the Serjeant

at Arms, be discharged without paying any Fees.

Mr. Treby reports from tire Committee of Elections and Privileges to whom the Matter touching the Election for Agmondesham in the County of Bucks, was referred,

That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon Two several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That in the Borough of Agmondesham, alias Amersham, in the County of Bucks, those Inhabitants only who pay Scotland Lot, have Right to give Voices in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That Algernon Sidney Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Agmondesham.

Resolved, That Sir William Drake Baronet is not duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Agmondesham.

Resolved, That the Election of the said Borough of Agmondesham, as to Sir William Drake, and Algernon Sidney Esquire, is void.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time to the House;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, in the said Borough of Agmondesham, those Inhabitants only who pay Scotland Lot, have Right to give Voices in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolve;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

die Noes, 83.

} for the Yeas, 191.

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Algernon Sidney Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham in the County of Bucks.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir William Drake is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham.

The last of the said Resolves being read a Second time; Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Election of -the said Borough of Agmondesham, as to Sir William Drake, and Algernon Sidney Esquire, is void.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Elections and Privileges do make Report of the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Marlow in the County of Bucks, on Tuesday Morning next.

- Mr. Wilson being called in, and examined, touching a libellous Paper shewn to him; which was found in Mr. Skcrridoris Lodgings; and he owning that the same was his Hand-writing;

Ordered, That all Committees which w’ere discontinued* Committees, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee ap- Complaint pointed to examine the Matter of the Information against Sir against Sir Robert Peyton do report the same on Tuesday Pe>ton-Morning next

And then the House adjourned to Monday Morning next. Eight of the Clock.

Luna, IS® die Decembris, 1680.

Pray e rs.

J^IRCK Vander Stegen, and Mathias did, this stegen’s,&c.

Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy Nat. at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Names of the said Dirck Vander Stegen and Mathias Cole, be inserted in the Bill of Naturalization.

A Bill for Exportation of Cloth, and other Woollen Exporting Manufactures, into Turkey, was read a Second time. Cloth, &c. And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That this Bill do lie upon the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Lutterell and Sir Thomas Leave of Whitmore, Members of this House, have Leave to go Absence, into the Country.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to look into, Popish Plot, and prepare Evidence against the Lords in the Tower, do look into the Evidence agaitist all Persons concerned in the Popish Plot. And they are to report the Names of such Persons, together with their Opihions therein, to the House, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, Nomine contradicente, That this House will, Security on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, re- against solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Pery-consider of Ways and Means to secure the Kingdom against Popery, and Arbitrary Power.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Banishing Banishing of all Papists, and suspected Papists, from the Papists. Cities of London and Westminster, and Twenty Miles of the sarhe; and for disarming of all Papists: With a Clause of Pains and Penalties against all such Papists as shall ride, go, or be, armed. And it is recommended to the Care of Sir William Jones, Mr. Hamden, Colonel Titus,

Sir Francis Winnmglon, and Sir Thomas Meres, to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

The House being informed, That a Letter directed A letter exa-to Mr. Sherridon, was left by the common Post at Man's mined by Mr. Coffee House; sl, eaker-

And Mr. Man being called in; and delivering the same;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do open the said Letter, and peruse the same.

Which was done accordingly.

And Mr. Speaker acquainting the House, That nothing but private Business was contained therein;

Ordered, That the said Letter be returned.

Ordered, That the Knights of the respective Shires, the Lists of Citizens of the respective Cities, Burgesses of the several Papists. Boroughs, and Barons of the Cinque Ports, within this Kingdom, do, with all convenient Speed, bring in Lists of all Papists, and reputed Papists, within the said several Counties, Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports.

81 Ordered,

A Member to attend a person in custody.

Privilege — A person to be discharged.

A person to be examined.

678

130 — 14° Decembris.

A. 1680.

Ordered, That Lord Annesly, a Member of this House have Leave to repair to Mr.

A Petition of Captain William Castle, was read; Ordered, That the said Captain Castle be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning; and do receive the Censure of the House, upon his Knees, from Mr. Speaker.

The House being informed by Sir Gilbert Gerald, That a certain Person, whose Name it is not convenient to discover, can give an Account concerning Mr. Sherridms Papers;

Ordered, That Sir John Hotham, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Sir Robert Thomas, and Major Bremen, do examine the said Person, and make a Report thereof to the House.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That Mr. Lucy be added to the Committee appointed to examine the Proceedings of the Judges in Westminster Hall;and to prepare an Impeachment against Sir Francis A Torth, Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Proceedings of Judges.

Houghton’s

Marriage

Settlement.

Mortis, 14° die Decembris, 1680.

A BILL for rectifying several Errors and Mistakes in certain Deeds of Settlement, made upon the Marriage of Sir Charles Houghton Baronet with the Daughter of John Lord Viscount was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, on Thursday Morning next.

him; calling him Rogue and Rascal for meddling in the Matter informed against Virdon, and for endeavouring to discover where he was: And immediately without any Provocation, struck Mr. Crow over the Eyes; flung him from the Seat whereon he sat. Mr. Crow, then turning his Back to go away, saying to Mr. Baispole, He Should answer for what he had done in another Place: Mr. Baispole pursued him; and, taking hold of his Hair, pulled off several Handfuls; kicked and beat him in a most barbarous Manner; and so bruised him about the Head and Face, as he hath not been since able to eat, drink, or breathe, without Pain.

Air. Crow added, That Air. Verdon hath been a great Friend to Air. Baispole: And particularly, when Air. Baispole was indicted about Two Years since at Norfolk Assizes for Murder, Verdon then being Under Sheriff, returned a Jury very much in favour of Air. Baispole; whereby he was acquitted.

The Committee, hereupon, ordered him to make a special Report of the whole Alatter to the House; and to desire their Directions in the same: And that the Committee may proceed in the Hearing of Witnesses to the Alatter complained of against the said Verdon.

Ordered, That the said Committee do proceed to examine all Matters of Complaint against the said Verdon, without further Summons.

Ordered, That Mr. Baispole be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer, at the Bar, for a Breach of Privilege by him committed against this House.

A Petition of Mr. Jeremiah Bubb, being read; Bubb’s Ordered, That the said Mr. Bubb be discharged from Petit‘on-any further Attendance.

Ordered, That Mr. William Tyler, in Custody of the Privilege — Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged A P®rsot> from any further Confinement, without paying Fees. liC are'

Privilege Air. England reports from the Committee appointed Information being given to the House, That Herbert Privilege — ofanUnder to exaraine the Matter of the Complaint made by the Herrin?, who was, some Weeks since, ordered to be taken Absconding

Sheriff. Inhabitants of the County of Norfolk, against Samuel into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this of 8 Person-

Vi erdon, Under Sheriff of the said County, That the Com- House, to answer for a Breach of Privilege by him committee, having taking the same into their Consideration, mjtted against Air. Colt, a Member of this House; and had directed him to make a Special Report to the House: stj|i doth abscond himself, to avoid the Justice of this

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered House by the Execution of the said Order; the same in at the Clerk s Table: W here the same being That if the said Herbert Herrins do not ren-

read, is as followeth; viz.

The Committee having the First time they met ordered a Summons for Air. Verdons Attendance; and the said Mr. Verdon not appearing according to the Summons; the Serjeant at Arms attending the House, gave the Committee an Account, That in Obedience to an Order of the House for taking of the said Verdon into Custody, he had by Himself and Servants, endeavoured to do it, by searching Fun liva/l'sInn, and other Places, which he usually

frequented; but could never light of him: But the Serjeant further added, That although he could not find him, yet he had heard of him: That Applications had been made to him by a Friend of his, and Twenty Pound offered on Verdon s Behalf, by way of Composition for Fees due upon his Confinement last Parliament; and for such Time as he Should now be in Custody, in case he Should be taken, or surrender himself: And that he would surrender himself upon the Terms aforesaid. Thereupon, the Serjeant told the Person so applying himself, That he would not sell the Justice of the House.

' The Committee then proceeded to the Examination of Mr. Roger Crow; who attended as a Witness against the said Verdon: And find, That the said Mr. Crow, having Information, That a Warrant was issued out from the House of Commons for apprehending the said and

understanding that he w>as at the Salutation Tavern in Holbourne; went to a Constable, and desired him to go with him to secure the said Verdon: But the Constable refused so to do, by Reason he had no Order for it: And that, the next Day after, Mr. Crow being at the Crown in Holbourne, one Air. Baispole, a Norfolk Attorney, came -in; and, seeing Air. Crow, began to quarrel and revile

der himself to the said Serjeant at Arms, before Saturday next, this House will proceed against him by a Bill in Parliament for his endeavouring to avoid the Justice of this House.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee to Tryal ot whom the Bill for the better Regulating the Tryal of Peers-the Peers, is committed, do make a Report thereof on Thursday Alorning next.

A Petition of Roderick Mansell Esquire, was read. Complain

Air. Mansell, being called in, gave an Account to the j^Peyton. House of the Alatter relating to Sir Robert Peyton.

Sir William Roberts reports from the Committee appointed to examine the Alatter relating to Sir Robert Peyton, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had.agreed upon a Report: Wrhich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth; viz.

Sir Robert Peyton having made his Defence in his Place;

And being withdrawn;

And the Alatter being debated in the House; the House made this Vote:

It appearing to this House, by the Report made at the Expelled. Bar, and by the Confession of Sir Robert Peyton, in his Place, That Sir Robei't Peyton had secret Negotiation with the Duke of York, by the Aleans of the Earl of Peterborough, Airs. Cellier, and Air. Gadbury, at such time when they were turning the Popish Plot on the Protestants;

Ordered, That Sir Robert Peyton be expelled this House: And that Sir Robert Peyton be brought to the

Bar;

;s&‘

M'fti

,-c

j.

fxf. 0! ikDCt.

'v]r:e-; vrjon (

tapis

'h&re 1

:ti :e

ILfc.

>- re'

32 Car. II. 14° — 150 Decembris. $-g

Knees"f!om SS^" of *"* HOUSE’ UP°" his . *-'».he Matter plainly before you, touc,.

The Serjeant at Arms acquainting the House That vnf. .9°"d,t,°" of Tangier: I must now tell

Sir Robert Peyton had absented himself, so that he could P1^ be.thouSht worth the

not be then found;

Ordered That the said Sir Robert Peyton be taken in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; and be brought to the Bar of this House.

Committees. - Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 15° die Decembris, 1680.

Privilege — DERED, 'I hat Samuel Gibbs, late Mayor of the

a person <lis- Borough of Westburyin the County of Wilts, in Cus-ebarged. tody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar; and do receive the Censure of the House, upon his Knees; and be then discharged, paying his Fees.

Which was done accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. be brought forthwith to

the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Exton, a Member of this House, have Leave to repair into the Country.

A Petition of George Bell, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That the said George Bell be brought to the Bar; and do receive the Censure of the House, upon his Knees, from Mr. Speaker; and be then discharged, pay-

— ----- '> wa vti uie

Keeping, you must take such Consideration of it, that it may be speedily supplied; it being impossible for Me to preserve it at an Expence far above My Power.

I did promise you the fullest Satisfaction your Hearts could wish, for the Security of the Protestant Religion; and to concur with you in any Remedies which might consist with preserving the Succession of the Crown in its due and legal Course of Descent.

I do again, with the same Reservations, renew the same Promises to you: And, being thus ready, on My Part, to do all that can reasonably be expected from Me,

I Should be glad to know from you, as soon as may be, how far I shall be assisted by you; and what it is you

1 e> ' '

desire from Me.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Peyton, being in Custody of sir R. the Sejjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to Peyton cen* the Bar; and do receive the Censure of this House, upon *ured and his Knees, from Mr. Speaker: And that he be then dis- ut Ar&e charged from further Confinement, paying his Fees.

Which was accordingly done.

A person to be brought up.

Leave of Absence.

Resolved, That this House will, on Saturday Morning The King's next, take into Consideration his Majesty’s Gracious Spee^h *°be Speech this Day made to both Houses of Parliament. consi ere

Privilege — a person discharged.

Bankrupts.

Message to attend the King.

The Kings Speech reported.

Mr Sherridon being called in, gave the House an Ac- A person count touching the libellous Paper found in his Lodging. examined.

The House then, according to their Order, resolved Security into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of against Ways and Means to secure this Kingdom against Popery PoPer-v-and Arbitraiy Power.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. acquaints the House, That the Committee, receiving Intimation, That there was a Message waiting at the Door from the Lords, had ordered him to leave the Chair: And moved from the said Committee, That the House would be pleased, as soon as such Message Should be received, to resolve again into a Committee of the

whole House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Protestant

Sir Dissenter8,

Mr. Speaker, The -Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that they have agreed to the Bill The nouse ue,..5 sent from this House, intituled, An Act for the Repeal

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, with the Effect of & gtetute ma(je in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign his Majesty s Speech: And that, his Majesty making use ^Queen Elizabeth, with some Amendments; to which of a Paper, Mr. Speaker, to prevent Mistakes, had sent t> desjre the Concurrence of this House.

comp J

The House again resolved itself into a Committee of Security

the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

zL.,/, renorts from the Committee of

I--Jllattprs

ing his Fees.

Which w as accordingly done.

A Bill for supplying the Laws made against Bank" rupts, was read the First time.

A Message from his Majesty, by

Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went

up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

OI it ± €----- M

to desire a Copy of the same.

And Mr. Speaker receiving a Copy thereof; the same

was, by Mr. Speaker, read to the House: And is as followeth;

Popery.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

AT the Opening of this Parliament, I did acquaintyou

with the Alliances I had made with Spaine and Holland,

the best Measures that could be taken for the Safety ’ — 1 Ttf>nose of Christendome.

— l L*

j

Mr. Powle reports from me ....

House, That the Committee, having taken the Matters J r^nnsideration, had agreed upon

tlCLL __

to them referred into Consideration certain Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and at ' ;min at the Clerk’s Table: When

are as viz.

the Opinion of this Committee,

- T>nrka, js

and af-

cLS Li I o i/vv.-

of England, and the Repose ot

WtC/tui,-

But I told you withal, That, if our Friendship became certain itesoiv....

unsafe to trust to, it would not be wondered at, if our terwards delivered then

Neighbours Should begin to take new Resolutions; and, the same being read, ai

perhaps, such as might be fatal to us. Resolved, That it is — -

I must now tell you. That our Allies cannot but see That One Means for the Suppressing Popery is, That

i has been done since this Meeting, to encourage the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in, to banish

t findbvthem, That, immediately all the considerable Papists out of the

Dominions.

-1'ni'nn of this Committee,

1

A --.

how little has been done

their Dependence upon us: And I find by them, ±unh __________

unless we can be so united at home, as to make our Al- King's Dominions, hance valuable to them, it will not be possible to hinder Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this them from seeking some other Refuge, and making such That, as long as the Papists have any Hopes of the Duke

new Friendships, as will not be consistent with Our of Pork’s succeeding the King in the Kingdoms of Png-Safety. Consider, That a Neglect of this Opportunity land and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, js never to be repaired. the King’s Person, the Protestant Religion, and die Lives,

Middlesex

Writ.

Committees,

680 i<° — 16° Decembris. A. 1680.

Liberties, and Properties of all his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, are in apparent Danger of being destroyed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in, for an Association of all his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, for the Safety of his Majesty’s Person, the Defence of the Protestant Religion, and the Preservation of his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, against all Invasions and Oppositions whatsoever; and for the preventing the Duke of Yorke, or any Papist, from succeeding to the Crown.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time to the House;

And a Motion being made, for the adding the Words " of England" after the Word " Papists" in the said Resolve;

Which being agreed to by the House; and the same being inserted at the Clerk’s Table;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente That this House doth

agree with the Committee, That One Means for the Suppressing Popery is, That a Bill be brought in, to banish immediately all the considerable Papists of England out of the King’s Dominions.

o m

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, so long as the Papists have any Hopes of the Duke of York's succeeding the King in the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, the King's Person, the Protestant Religion, and the Lives, Liberties, and Properties of all his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, are in apparent Danger of being destroyed.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a Bill be brought in, fra an Association of all his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, for the Safety of his Majesty's Person, the Defence of the Protestant Religion, and the Preservation of his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, against all Invasions and Oppositions whatsoever; and for preventing the Duke of Yorke, or any Papist, from succeeding to the Crown.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the First of the said Resolves.

And it is referred to Sir I Vi Jones, Sir Francis

Winnington, Mr. Powlc, Mr. llamden, and Sir

Hot ham, or any Two of them, to draw up the said Bill.

Mr. Perwle moving the House, from the Committee of the whole House, That the House would be pleased again to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock;

Resolved, That tins House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, further to consider of Ways and Means to secure the Kingdom against Popery and Arbitrary Power.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of Sir Robert Peyton, expelled this House.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning,

Sabbati, 16° die D1680.

Prayers.

J^fARTIN Mey, and Corn did this Day take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy at the fable, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Sandys the younger, and Leave of Mr. Stokes, Members of this House, have Leave to go Absence,

into the Country.

A Bill for rectifying several Errors and Mistakes in Hoghton’s certain Deeds of Settlement, made upon the Marriage of Marriage Sir Charles Hoghton, Baronet, with Mary the Daughter of Sttt'eme"l-

John Lord Viscount Massareen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Otway, Mr. Thomas Foley, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Henry Ford, Sir William Poultney, Sir Rowland Gwytm,

Sir Gilbert Gerald, Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Co-

lonel Birch, Mr. Hord, Sir Philip Parker, Sir George Hungerford, Mr. White, Sir John Hobbart, Mr. Hamden,

Mr. Love, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Robert Henley, Sir John Moreton, Colonel Jefferyes, Mr.

Slater, Mr. Duboys, Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Fra. nington, Sir Francis Russell, Mr. England, Mr. Arnold,

Sir William Bastard;and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Norfolk, and Chester, and the City of Chester: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to summon before them all Parties concerned; and to inspect the several Articles and Settlements mentioned in the Bill: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants in the County of Ecclesias-rey, against several Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts, ticalCoum. was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of this Petition be referred to Mr. Onslow, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir William Bastard, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Reynell, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Sir

Richard Corbett, Mr. Love, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Henley, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Rowland Sir

Thomas Player, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Barker, Mr.

Sir 77/0. Lee, Sir James Oxenden, Sir John Moreton, Sir John Hotham, Sir Philip Skippon, Mr. Mr. Booth,

Colonel Jefferyes, Colonel Birch, Sir Samuel Bernardiston,

Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Hord, Sir Richard How, Sir Henry Ford, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Owen,

Mr. Duboys, Mr. Slater, Colonel Mr. Freake;

or any Five of them; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, w’ith their Opinions therein, to the House: And all, that come, are to have Voices:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to receive all other Complaints against the Proceedings of any Ecclesiastical Courts: And to bring in a Bill or Bills for regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts.

A Petition of Joshua Brooke, and other Merchants, Afiican against the African Company, was read. Company.

Ordered, That the Consideration of this Petition be referred to a Committee; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Love, Mr. Papi/lon, Mr. Duboys, Sir William Bastard, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Colonel Birch, Sir Henry Thompson, Sir Robert Markham,

Mr. Hanulen, Mr. Starkey, Mr. Pilkington, Mr. Colt, Sir

Trevor Williams, Sir William Waller, Mr. Treby, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Richard Corbett, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Mr. Burdett, Mr. Mr. Foley, Sir

John Knight, Mr. Arnold, Sir Mr.

Owen; and all Members that are Merchants; and all the Members that serve for the County of Cornwall, and the several Boroughs therein, or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Booth reports from the Committee to whom the xryal ot Bill for the better Regulating the Tryal of the Peers of Peers. England, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to an Amendment to be made, and a Clause to be added, to the same:

32 Car. II. 16° — i n° 681

same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read.

And a Motion being made to the House, That a Clause be added, for repeal of the Laws Magnatum;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, immediately, to withdraw, and prepare such a Clause.

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John

Sir EliabHarvey, Sir Fra. Sir George

Dmcning, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Harbord, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir William Jones, Sir. Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Powle, Sir Mr.;

or any Three of them.

Uniting A Bill for uniting his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects to

Protestantfj the Church of England, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning next, after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

Protestant A Bill for exempting his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, Dissenters, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penal- ties of certain Laws, wras read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time on Monday Morning next, after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

to prepare a Clause for Repeal of the Laws made de Tryals of Scandalis Magnatum, That the Committee had agreed Peers, upon a Clause: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House resuming the Consideration of the Amendments, this Day reported to be made to the Bill, sent down from the Lords, for the better Regulating the Tryal of Peers:

And the Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question,..... to.

The Clause last reported, being twice read; and agreed to;

Resolved, That the said Clause be added to the said Bill;

And the Bill,' with Amendments and Clauses, being read a Third time;

Resolved, That the Bill, thus amended, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Booth do go up to the Lords with the said Bill and Amendment; and desire their Lordships Concurrence therein.

A Bill for restraining Papists from coming or residing Removing within the Cities of London and Wor within Papists, &c. Twenty Miles Distance from the same; and from wearing and having Arms; w as read the First time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning: And that it be the first Business.

Imprisonment ot’ Members impeached.

Protestant

Dissenters.

Marlborough, &c« Elections.

PapistsOath,

&c.

Strictness in Confinement of a person.

Papers to be examined.

Security

against

Popery.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee appointed to consider of Precedents concerning the Imprisoning Members of this House, upon an Impeachment in Parliament, do make Report thereof Tomorrow Morning after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

The Amendments, setit from the Lords, to the Bill for Repeal of the Statute made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put, were agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Eliah Harvey do acquaint the Lords, That tins House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, touching the Elections for the Boroughs of Marlborough in the County of St.

Edmundsburyin the County of Suffolk, and Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, be made on Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of Robert Balr desiring Leave, from this House, to print the Papists Oath of Secrecy, and Litany for Intercession for England.

Ordered, That the said Robert Balron have Liberty, from this House, to print and publish the said Oath of Secrecy, and Litany.

Ordered, That the Strictness of Mr. Confinement be taken off, saving only his continuing in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine Mr. Sherridonand Mr. Wilson, as also their Papers, and

Hand-writings; and to compare the same; and to make Report thereof, with their Opinions therein, upon the Debate, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Love, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Duboys, Sir William Roberts, Sir Robert Carre, Sir John Carao, and Sir Gilbert Gerald, Sir Thomas Player,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Colt, Sii ' John HotSir or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to adjourn, and repair to such Place as they shall think fit, for the Service of the House; and to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, further to consider of Ways and Means to secure the Kingdom against Popery and Arbitrary Power.

Mr. Trenchard reports from the Committee appointed Vox.. IX.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the dock Tomorrow Morning,

Veneris, 17° die Decembris, 1680.

ffiR DE RED, That the Names of Martin Mey, and Mey’s, &c.

Cornelius Stelcr, who Yesterday took the Oaths of Nat* Allegiance and Supremacy at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization, be inserted in the Bill of Naturalization.

A Petition of John Gould and Henry Palmer, was read. Gould’s, See.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Petition, be referred to the Committee appointed to examine the Proceedings of the Judges in WcWho are to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Mr. John Emarton, was read. Ecclesiastical

Ordered, That the Consideration of this Petition be Courts, referred to the Committee appointed to receive Complaints against the Proceedii gsof Ecclesiastical Courts; to examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Cottington Esquire, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of this Petition be referred to the Committee last mentioned; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Clobery, Mr. Corryton, and Mr. Bockland, be added to the same Committee.

A Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of Middle- Middlesex sex\ viz. for the Hundred of Osxcalds was read. Court of

Ordered, That the Consideration of this Petition be Conscience, referred to Sir William Poullncy, Sir Roberts, Sir

Nicholas Car ax, Sir Anthony Irby, Sir John Newton, Mr.

Duboys, Sir John Holman, Sir John OtwayMr. Sir Thomas Clarges, Sir William Sir Gilbert

Gerald, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Love, Mr. Windham,

Sir Robert Carr, Sir George Dozening, Mr. Owen; and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex: And they are impowered to bring in a Bill or Bills for erecting a Court of Conscience, to be held within the Jurisdiction of the said County of Middlesex, upon the Debate of the House.

Ordered, That Major Bremen hare Leave to go into of the Country. Absence.

8 K Ordered,

Privilege — a person discharged.

Vagrants, &c.

Hearth

Money.

.Leave of Absence.

Burying in Woollen.

Tobacco-planting, &c.

Privilege — Petition from a person in custody.

Court of Marches.

Impeachment of Mr. hiymour.

68a

17° Decembrist

A\ 1680.

Ordered, That Captain Casbeing in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar; and do receive the Censure of the House, upon his Knees, from Mr. Speaker; and be discharged, paving his Fees.

"Which was accordingly done.

A Petition of Richard Haines, desiring Leave, That a Bill be brought in, for restraining Vagrants, and promoting the Woollen Manufacture, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

And it is referred to Mr. P Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Richard Oust, Sir Robert Mr. Duboys,

Mr. Love, Sir Patience Ward, Sir Knight, to prepare and draw up the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy collecting his Majesty’s Revenue arising by Hearth-money.

Ordered, That Sir Nicolas Pelham, and Sir Thomas Wilbraham, have Leave to go into the Country.

An ingrossed Bill touching Persons buried in Woollen, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An additional Act for Burying in W'oollen.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry up the said Bill to the Lords; and desire their Lordships Concurrence therein.

A Bill for Continuance of Two Acts; the One, intituled, An Act for preventing the Planting of Tobacco in England, and Regulating of the Plantation Trade; the other, An Act for Exporting Beer, Ale, and Mum; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bills be committed to Sir George Downing, Sir John llotham, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Lock-land, Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr. Air. Pilkington,

Air. Pollhj'en, Sir John Knight, Sir Francis Russell,

Air. Gee, Air . Burdett, Sir Robert Hailey, Mr. Love, Sir Robert Cleyton, Mr. John Trenchard; and all the Alem-bers that serve for the several Sea Ports throughout England:And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Auhiett Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Clerk's Table.

Air. Serjeant Seysreports from the Committee to whom the Bill for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council in the Marches of Wales, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made, and a Clause to be added, to the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read.

The Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

The Clause being read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Clause;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments agreed to by the House, be ingrossed.

Sir William Poulttiey reports from the Committee to w hom it was referred to prepare the Impeachment against Eduard Seymour Esquire, a Alember of this House; and to search Precedents touching the I mprisoning of Alem-bers of this House, when impeached in Parliament; That the Committee had directed him to make a special Report

thereof: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wras read; and is as follows;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon:

Ordered, That Sir William Jones, Mr. Harbord, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Francis Sir

Thomas Lee, Sir William Poultney, do withdraw; and put the Articles against Air. Seymour into the Form of an Impeachment, forthwith; and make Report thereof to the House.

Sir William Temple acquaints the House, That the Leave for« Lord Stafford had sent to desire to speak with him; and Member to desiring to know the Directions of the House therein. Stafford.0"* Ordered, That Sir William Temple have Leave to repair to the Lord Stafford, and speak with him.

A Bill for restraining Papists from coming or residing Removing within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within Papists, &c. Twenty Aliles distant from the same; and from wearing and having Arms; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Gar away. Colonel Kirby, Sir Fra. Winnington, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Thomas Clarges, Air.

Walsh, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Thomas Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Sir Fliab Harvey, Air.

Air. Lucy, AIr.7«//o«, Mr. Thompson, Sir Richard Corbett,

Sir Francis Russell, Sir Thomas Player, Sir John Carew,

Air. Onslow, Mr. Hamden, Sir John Hot ham, Sir Thomas

Meres, Sir William Hickman, Sir James Long, Mr. Rockland, Sir William Jones, Colonel Birch, Sir Robert Atkins, Sir Edward Harley, Sir Rowland Gwyn: And

all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Poultney reports from the Committee impeach-appointed to put the Articles against Air. Seymour into mem of Mr. the Form of an Impeachment, That the said Committee Seymour, had agreed upon a Form: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being twice read, was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That the said Articles, so agreed upon, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Air. Seymour be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for securing his l’orth-coming, to answer to the Impeachment of this House against him, until he shall have given sufficient Security to this House, to answer to the said Impeachment.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be impended to receive Security for the Forthcoming of the said Air. Seymour, to answer to the Impeachment of this House.

The House then, according to their former Order, resolved into a Committee of the whole House.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Powle took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Powle reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee, having taken the Alatters to them referred into Consideration, had agreed upon several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, are as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in for the more effectual Securing of the Aleeting and Sitting of

Security against arbitrary Power.

frequent Parliaments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in, That the Judges may hold their Places and Salaries (juam diu sc bene gesscrint.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, as One Aleans to prevent arbitrary Power, That the House

ha

Cam;

bn*, italic

*Vs

jL'vi]

foifirj

wtd,

32 Car. II.

170 — 18° — 20° Decembris.

683

be moved, that a Bill be brought in against illegal Exaction of Money upon the People; and to make it High Treason.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, That the Words " as One Means to prevent arbitrary Power" be inserted after the Word " Parliaments

Which being agreed to by the House;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a Bill be brought in, for the more effectual Securing of the Meeting and Sitting of frequent Parliaments, as One Means to prevent arbitrary Power.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, That the Words " hereafter to be made and appointed" be inserted after the Word Judges," and before the Word " may," and that the

written from one Robards to Mr. touching

William Pickering: Which Letter he delivered id at the Clerk’s Table.

And the same being the re read;

Ordered, That the said Letter, together with the Letter lately sent from Doctor Lamphire to Mr. Secretary Jenkins, be delivered, by the Clerk of this House, to Mr.

Attorney General, in order to the Prosecution of the said Pickering at Law.

The House then, according to their Order, entered into The King’* the Consideration of his Majesty’s Gracious Speech made Speech to both Houses of Parliament on Wednesday last.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an humble Address to his Majesty, upon the Debate of the House, in answer to his Majesty’s Speech.

And it is referred to Lord Russell, Mr. Hamden, Sit1 Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Gancay, Sir William,

considered*

Words " and also to prevent the arbitrary Proceedings Vernon, Mr. Harbord, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir A icolas

Committees.

Leave of Absence.

Price’s

of the Judges," be added at the End

Which being agreed to by this House;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a 13iil be brought in, That the Judges, hereafter to be made and appointed, may hold their Places and Salaries quam diu se bene gesserint; and also to prevent the arbitrary Proceedings of the Judges.

The last of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, That these Words, " as a Means to prevent arbitrary Power," be left out;

Which being agreed to by the House;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a Bill be brought in against illegal Exaction of Money upon the People; and to make it High Treason.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill or Bills pursuant to the said several Resolves.

And it is referred to Sir William Jones, Sir John Hotham, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. JIamden, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Vernon, Sir William Bastard, Mr. Bond, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Fra. Winninglon, Mr. Poxvle, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Richard Cust, Colonel Birch, Sir Samuel Bcrnardiston, Sir William Poultney, Mr. Reyncll, Sir Nicholas Slanning, Mr. Arnold, Sir Rowland Gxcyn, Mr. Imcc, and all the Members of the Long Robe; or any Three of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees that were to sit this Afternoon, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

o

Sabbati, 18° die D, 1680.

f\RDERED, Tlmt Sir Ralph Carr, and Mr.

nanI of in the County of Montgomery, Members

of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

Carew, Sir Francis Winninglon, Colonel Birch, Sir John Moreton, Sir Robert Markham, Serjeant Colonel

Titus, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Henley, Mr. Pmcle, Mr. Conningsby, Mr. Montague, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Gower, Mr. Sir Robert

Clayton, Lord Cavendish, Sir John Hotham, Sir Richard Cust, Mr. Colt, Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Sir Henry Capcll, Mr. Finch, Sir Robert Carr, or any Seven of them, to draw up and prepare the same: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Committal* be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the respective Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Monday Morning Eight of the Clock.

..... A Bill to supply a defective Conveyance, made by

Conveyance. Mr. Roger Price, of the Manor of in the County of Bucks, w as read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time.

Court of Marches.

An ingrossed Bill for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council in the Marches of I Tales, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Taking away of the Court holden before the President and Council in the Marches of Wales.

Ordered, That Sir Trevor Williams do carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Lume, 20° die Decembris, 1680. Prayers.

ABIL L for the Sale of the Estate of Joseph Comodin, Cowdin’* deceased, for the Payment of his Debts, and ^'state* Raising of Portions for his Daughters, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Samuel Cheaffin be summoned to an- Privilege, swer, at the Bar of this House, for a Breach of Privilege by him committed against Sir John Guise, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to prepare Address on an humble Address to his Majesty, in answer to his th. King’s Majesty’s Speech, do sit, and finish the said Address, Speecll‘ Sitting the House.

Sir George Downing reports from the Committee to Scotch whom the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Cattle Castle‘ from Scotland, was committed, that the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to some Amendments to the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being twice read, were, with an Amendment made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with these Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to pre- Scotch vent Scotch Pedlars from coming into this Kingdom.

Pedlars.

A Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign Guns, Importing was read the First time. Guns*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Information

communi-

cated.

Mr. Hyde, acquaints the House, That his Majesty had A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Weston directed him to communicate to the House a Letter, and Mr. Justice Charleton;

684

20° Decembris.

A. 1680.

Tryals of Pter*.

Mr.

Treby reports from the Committee of Elections Bristoll

Election,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to re turn to you the Bill, intitutled, An Act for the better and Privileges to whom the Matter of the Election for Regulating of the Tryals of the Peers of England: And the City of Bristol/, was referred, That the Committee, to acquaint you, That, as to the First Amendment in having taken the same into their Consideration, had the Sixteenth Line, their Lordships do agree; but that, agreed upon Two Resolves: Which he read in his Place; as to the rest of the Amendments, the Lords do not agree, /and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table:

Committees.

Ctiisenhale’s

Estate.

Army

Accounts.

Re.xhill,

Manors.

Privilege —

Persons

discharged.

Resolved, That this House will take these Amendments into Consideration, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be revived; and da sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

A Bill for the Sale of the Manor of and

Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of the Debts of Sir Edward Chisenhalc, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Samuel Mr.

White, Mr. Blunt, Sir John Otway, Sir Newton, Mr.

Barker, Mr Colt, Mr. Evelin, Mr Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Bocldand, Sir GervaseElwes, Sir Sir

Thomas Clarges, Mr. Papillon, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Sir Robert CatT, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Grey, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Fleetwood, Sir John Hobbart, Lord Colraine, Mr. Love, Mr. Duboys, Sir Thomas Player; and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk,

Where the same being read, are as follows;

Resolved, That Sir Robert Cann was not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of BristolI.

Resolved, That Robert Ilenly Merchant is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bristoll.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee That Sir Robert Cann was not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament lor the City of Bristoll.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolve:

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Election for the City of Bristoll, as to Sir Robert Cann and Mr. Robert Henley, is void.

and Lancaster, and the several Boroughs therein: And r Ilorise, jh.it Sit John

they are to m4t at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, "

in the Sneaker’s Chamber And Mr I ionAPlaiter is buck bhenffs’ ot 1110 sa,d City ot Bristol/, did, at the tune iti Lite opeaKers x/iiamoer /tnu tur. jxioneixiuiiet is r, 1 1 ri . .1 n,

*, u xt a- . rr- i a a. j au r> of the said Election, impose an Oath upon the Electors

to have Notice and Time given him to attend the Com- , y,

1 .1 a-. -5 a a au i before they came to give their V oices, m these VY oids; viz.

mim»e Anri the I nmmittpp ie tr» incnwl the several . a ’ i

i ou shall swear, I hat you are a freeman: And that you have not given your Voice already."

Ordered, That the said Sir John Lloyd, William Jackson, and William he sent for, in Custody

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to receive of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; to answer, and examine the Accompt of the Commissioners ap- at the Bar of this House, for the Misdemeanors by them

mittee: And the Committee is to inspect the several Settlements and Mortgages mentioned in the Bill: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

committed at the said Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parlia-

pointed, by a late Act of Parliament, to pay off and disband the Forces raised since the Twenty-ninth of September 1677; and make Report thereof to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Onslow, Sir Francis Russell,

Sir Robert Carr, Sir John Holman, Sir George ment for the City of Bristoll.

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Colt, Sir John Knight, Sir Thomas Bide, Mr. Pollufen, Mr. Hamden, Sir Nicolas Pelham, Sir Samuel Bernardislon, Sir Henry,

Mr. Evelin, Mr. Blunt, Lord Colraine, Mr. Duboys, Sir

Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Love, Mr. Barker, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Craddock, Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Jonathan Keate, Sir John Mr. Grey: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

A Bill for the better Payment of an Annuity or Relit-charge of One hundred and Thirty Pounds per Annum, out of the Manor of Bexhill in the County of Sussex, to

the Use of the Poor of several Parishes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pou1c, Colonel Birch, Sir John Guise, Mr. Colt, Sir

Trevor Williams, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Duboys, Mr. Evelin, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Thomas Bide, Sir Hairy , Mr.

Mansell, Mr. Hailey, Mr. Coryton, Mr. Foley, and all the Members that serve for the several Counties of

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment against Mr. Impeach-Scymour, a Member of this House, being read; nient oi Mr.

Resolved, That the said Articles be sent up to the Lords. e^luo"r* Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Gerald do carry up the same to the Lords.

Mr. Hamden reports from the Committee appointed to Address oa prepare an humble Address to his Majesty, upon the Debate of the House, in Answ er to his Majesty's Speech, ’ ‘

An Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same being read, w as, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as follows;

May it please your Most Excellent Majesty,

WE Your Majesty’s most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, have taken into our serious Consideration Your Majesty’s Gracious Speech to both Your Houses of Parliament, on the Fifteenth of this Instant December; and do with all

Surrey and Sussex, and the several Boroughs therein: the grateful Sense of faithful Subjects, and sincere Pro-And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this After- testants, acknowledge Your Majesty's great Goodness to noon, in the Speaker s Chamber. us, in renewing the Assurances You have been pleased to

A Petition of Henry Aulnctt Esquire, was read. give us, of Your readiness to concur with us in any Means

Ordered, That the said Mr. Aulnctt be brought to ior Security of the Protestant Religion; and Your grata Bar, and do receive the Censure of the House, upon us Invitation ot us to make our Desires known to 1 our his Knees, from Mr. Speaker; and be then discharged, Majesty.

paying his Fees.

Which was accordingly done.

A Petition of Thomas Herbert Esquire, wras read.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Herbert be brought to the Bar; and do receive the Censure of the House, upon his Knees, from Mr. Speaker; and lie then discharged, paying his Fees.

Which was done accordingly.

But with grief of Heart, we cannot but observe, that to these Princely Oilers Your Majesty has been advised, by w hat secret Enemies to your Majesty and Your People we know not, to annex a Reservation, which, if insisted on, in the Instance to which alone it is applicable, will render all Your Majesty’s other gracious Inclinations of no Effect or Advantage to us.

Your Majesty is pleased thus to limit Y our Promise of Concurrence in the Remedies which shall be proposed;

That

20* Decem*

3 2 Car. II.

635

(That they may consist with preserving the Succession of ments, from his great Zeal to establish Popery, and to ex- Address oti the Crown, in its due and legal Course of Descent: And we tirpate Protestants (whom they call Hereticks) out of his 5

trAilv IV f.i T rvfAri^i irifi/vt'i A nr) clink uill r\nr*4 n/'nAinln -tC

do humbly inform your Majesty, That no Interruption of that Descent has been endeavoured by us, except only the Descent upon the Person of the Duke of Yorke; who by the wicked Instruments of the Church of Rome, has been manifestly perverted to their Religion. And we do humbly represent to Your Majesty, as the Issue of our most deliberate Thoughts and Consultations, That for the Papists to have their Hopes continued, that a Prince of that Reli-

Dominions: And such will expect performance accordingly.

We further humbly beseech Your Majesty, in Your great Wisdom, to consider, Whether, in case the Imperial Crown of this Protestant Kingdom Should descend to the Dukeoffar/i, the Opposition which may possibly be made to his possessing it, may not only endanger the farther Descent in the Royal Line, but even Monarchy itself. For these Reasons, We are most humble Petitioners to

gion shall succeed in the Throne of these Kingdoms, is ut- Your most Sacred Majesty, that, in tender Commiseration terly inconsistent with the Safety of Your Majesty’s Person, of Your poor Protestant People, Your Majesty will be

the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and the Pros perity, Peace, and Welfare, of Your Protestant Subjects.

That Your Majesty’s Sacred Life is in continual Danger, under the Prospect of a Popish Successor, is evident, not only from the Principles of those devoted to the Church of Rome, which allow, that an Heretical Prince (and such they term ail Protestant Princes), excommuni-

graciously pleased to depart from the Reservation in Your said Speed): And, when a Bill shall be tendered to Your Majesty, in a parliamentary Way, to disable the Duke of York from inheriting the Crown, Your Majesty will give Your Royal Assent thereto: And, as necessary to fortify and defend the same, that Your Majesty will iikewisebe graciously pleased to assent to an Act, w hereby Your Ma

cated and deposed by the Pope, may be destroyed and jesty’s Protestant Subjects may be enabled to associate

murdered; but also from the Testimonies given in the Prosecution of the horrid Popish Plot, against divers Traitors attainted for designing to put these accursed Principles into Practice against Your Majesty.

From the Expectation of this Succession, has the Number of Papists in Your Majesty’s Dominions so much increased within these few Years, and so many been prevailed with to desert the true Protestant Religion; that they might be prepared for the Favours of a Popish Prince, as soon as lie Should come to the Possession of the Crown: And while the same Expectation lasts, many more will be in the same Danger of being perverted.

This it is that has hardened the Papists of this Kingdom, animated and confederated by their Priests and Jesuits, to make a common Purse, provide Arms, make Application to foreign Princes, and solicit their Aid for imposing Popery upon Us: And all this even during your Majesty’s Reign; and while your Majesty’s Government, and the Laws, were our Protection.

themselves for the Defence of Your Majesty’s Person, the Protestant Religion, and the Security of Your Kingdoms.

These Requests we are constrained humbly to make to Your Majesty, as of absolute Necessity, for the safe and peaceable Enjoyment of our Religion. Without these Things the Alliances of England will not be valuable, nor the People encouraged to contribute to Your Majesty’s Service.

As some farther Means for the Preservation both of our Religion and Property, we are humble Suitors to Your! Majesty, That from henceforth, such Persons only may be Judges w ithin the Kingdom oi England, and Dominion of I Yales, as are Men of Ability, Integrity, and known Affection to the Protestant Religion: And that they may hold both their Offices and Salaries qmnn din se bene ges-serint: That (several Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, fitly qualified for those Employments, having been of late displaced, and others put in their room, who are Men of arbitrary Principles, and Countenancers of

It is Your Majesty's Glory, and true Interest, to be the Papists and Popery) such only may bear the Office of a

Head and Protector of all Protestants, as well Abroad, as at Home: But, if these Hopes remain, Wlmt Alliances can be made for the Advantage of the Protestant Religion and Interest, which shall give Confidence to your Majesty's Allies to join so vigorously with your

Lord Lieutenant as are Persons of Integrity, and known Affection to the Protestant Religion: That Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, may be also so qualified; and may be, moreover, Men of Ability, of Estates, and Interest in their Country: That none may be em- Majesty, as the State of that Interest in the World now ployed as Military Officers, or Officers in Your Majesty’s

requires; while they see this Protestant Kingdom in so much Danger of a Popish Successor; by whom, at the present, all their Counsels and Actions maybe eluded (as hitherto they have been); and by whom (if he Should succeed) they are sure to be destroyed

Fleet, but Men of known Experience, Courage, and Affection to the Protestant Religion.

These our humble Requests being obtained, we shall, on our Part, be ready to assist Yrour Majesty for the Preservation of Tangier; and for putting your Majesty’s Fleet into

Wre have thus humbly laid before Your Majesty some £uch a Condition, as it may preserve Y^our Majesty’s Sove-of those great Dangers and Mischiefs which evidently ac- reignty of the Seas, and be for the Defence of the Nation, company the Expectation of a Popish Successor: The If Your Majesty hath or shall make any necessary Alli-certain and unspeakable Evils which will come upon Yrour ances, for Defence of the Protestant Religion and Interest, Ala jesty’s Protestant Subjects, and their Posterity, if such a and Security of this Kingdom, this House will be ready to Prince Should inherit, are more also than we can well enu- assist and stand by Yrour Majesty in the Support of the same.

merale: OurRcligion, which is now so dangerously shaken, w ill then be totally overthrow n: Nothing will be left, or can be found, to protect or defend it: The Execution of old Laws must cease; and it will be vain to expect new The most sacred Obligations of Contracts and Pro-

on e3:

mises (if any Should be given) that shall be judged to be against the Interest of the Romish Religion, will be vio-

After this our humble Answer to Y^ our Majesty’s gracious Speech, we hope, no evil Instruments whatsoever shall be able to lessen your Majesty’s Esteem of that Fidelity and Affection we bear to Yrour Majesty’s Service; but that Your Majesty will always retain, inYrour Royal Breast, that favourable Opinion of us Y our Loyal Commons, that those other good Bills which we have now under Consideration,

lated; as is undeniable, not only from Argument and Expe- conducing to the great Ends we have before mentioned; as

rience elsewhere, but from the sad Experience this Nation once had, on the like Occasion. In the Reign of such a Prince, the Pope will be acknowledged supreme (though the Subjects of this Kingdom have sw orn the contrary); and all Causes, either as Spiritual, or in order to Spiritual 'filings, will be brought under his Jurisdiction: The Lives, Liberties, and Estates of all such Protestants, as value their Souls, and their Religion, more than their secular Concernments, will be adjudged forfeited.

also, all Laws for the Benefit and Comfort of Yrour People, which shall from time to time be tendered for Yrour Majesty’s Royal Assent; shall find Acceptance with Your Majesty.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, be desired to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, When this House may attend him with an Address.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee ap- Judges Pi*. To all this wc might add, That it appears in the Disco- pointed to examine the Proceedings of the Judges in ceedings. very of the Plot, that foreign Princes were invited to assist lYestminsicr Hall, do make Report of the Matters to in securing the Crown to the Duke of York; with Argu- tlieurrefcrred, Tomorrow Morning.

Vql. IX. 8 L Ordered\

686

20° — -2i° Decembris.

A. 1680.

Tfotestant

Dissenters.

Banishing

Papists.

Sidney’s

Petition.

Jenner’s

Estate.

Flers’, &c. >Jat.

Verigny’s

Kat.

Leave of Absence.

Hoghton's

Marriage

Settlement.

Address — Fine for a Misdemeanor.

Ordered, That the Two Bills for the Ease of Protestant Dissenters be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Wilmington do, on Thursday Morning next, bring in a Bill for banishing all the considerable Papists of England, out of his Majesty’s Dominions.

Ordered, That the Knights of die respective Shires, Citizens of Cities, Burgesses of Boroughs, and Barons of the Cinque Ports, do, in the mean time, bring in Lists of all the considerable Papists within the several Counties, Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque Ports.

A Petition of Algernon Sidney Esquire being presented to this House;

Ordered, That the said Petition be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Martis, 21* die D, 1680.

Pr

AYERS.

'J'Homas Verignydid, this Day, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to enable John Jejiner Gentleman to make Leases of some Part of his Estate, for the Payment of his Debts; and for the making Provision for his Younger Children; w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Papillon reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for the Naturalization of Peter Elers, and others, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to some Amendments to be made to the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That the Name of Thomas Verigny, w'ho, this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, in order to his Naturalization, and whose Certificate of his having received the Sacrament was delivered in, be inserted in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with these Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. George Saa Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Sir John Otxcay reports from the Committee to whom

the Bill for rectifying several Errors and Mistakes in certain Deeds and Settlements, made upon the Marriage of Sir Charles Iloghton Baronet with Mary the Daughter of John Lord Viscount Massareen, was committed, Unit the

Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, were, upon the Question, agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with these Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Duhoysreports from the Committee appointed to

prepare an humble Address to his Majesty, for the remitting a Fine of Five hundred Pounds set upon Benjamin Harris, An Address agreed upon by the Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, was, upon the Question, agreed to; and is as follow eth:

Ordered, That this Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Samuel Cheaffin be discharged from Discharge further Attendance. from uuewk

mice.

Information being given to the House, That Henry Information Carezc, a Frier in Orders, at St. s in France, hath, communi-for several Years last past, executed the Office of Sur- C8led‘ veyor of the Customs in the Port of Bristol;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee appointed to receive Informations touching the Popish Plot, to examine the Matter of this Information; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir William Poidtney reports from the Committee of Great Mar-Elections and Privileges, to whom the Matter touching low tlcctl0"' the Election for Great Marlozo in the County of Bucks, was referred, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That in the Borough of Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, those Inhabitants only, who pay Scotland Lot, have Right to give Voices in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Humphry Winch Baronet is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Marlow.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Hobby Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Election for Great Marlow, as to the said Sir Humphry Winch, and Thomas Hobby, is void.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, in the Borough of Great in the County of Bucks, those Inhabitants only, who pay Scotland Lot, have Right to give Voices in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second

O

time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Humphry /Finch Baronet is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlozo.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second

o

tune;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Thomas Hobby Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

d iie Fourth and last of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Election for Great Marlozo, as to the said Sir Humphry Winch and Thomas Hobby, is void.

Mr. Hyde acquaints the House, That his Majesty, ac- Kingaf>. cording to the Order of the House, having been waited on P°lnts 10 by such Members of the House as are of his Majesty’s atieudeJ. most honourable Privy Council, to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, When this House might attend him with an Address, his Majesty was pleased to appoint Three of the Clock this Afternoon, for this House to attend him in the Banqueting-house.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to Great Mar-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the low Wat. Electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow in the County of Bucks.

A Petition

W

pin

ft#

Pr*

Dai

S:l<

tr.l

Pfa b.

SiJni

Jea

Ev

tUl

iu:

h

52 Car. II.

a i0 — 22° — 2 30 Deccmbris.

687

Leighton’s

Petition*

Uniting

Protestants.

A Petition of Mr. BalduynLeighton was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Grievances; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to this House: And that the Committee do sit on Thursday next, in the Afternoon.

A Bill for uniting his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects to the Church of England', was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr.

Mr. Bose often, Mr Colt, Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Hamden, Sir John Career, Sir John Hot ham, Mr.

Mostin, Colonel Titus, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Paul Foley, Doctor Perrott, Sir Rich. Lloyd, Sir Henry Capell, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Powle, Mr. Palmes, Sir Jones, Mr. Owen, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Gee, Sir William Roberts, Sir John Hobbart, Mr. Burdett, Mr. Lave, Sir Richard Cust, Sir Christopher Mr. Sterne,

Sir Richard Corbett, Sir William Waller, Mr. Finch, Sir William Temple, Sir Fra. Winnin Sir Francis Russell, Mr. White, Mr. Colt, Sir John Mr. Slater, Sir

Roger Hill, Sir Thomas Thynne, Mr. Hopkins Mr. Thomas Foley, Sir Thomas Stringer, Sir Mr.

Wentworth, and all the Members that serve for the City of London: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Thursday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

a person in custody.

Jovis, 23° die Decembris, 1680<

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to Mr. Henry Leaveof Goring, a Member of the House, to go into the Absence. Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard Dennis have Leave, Popish Plot, from this House, to print his Narrative of the horrid Popish Plot.

A Petition of Mr. John Wilson, in Custody of the Ser- Privilege — jeant at Arms attending this House, being tendered to the House:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Chichester to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the room of John Farrington Esquire, deceased.

A Bill to enable John Jenner Gentleman to make Jenner’« Leases of some Part of his Estate, for the Payment of Estat’r* his Debts, and for the making Provision for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Serjeant Walcot, Sir Janies Long, Sir Wm. Est-court. Sir Wm.Bastard, Sir Robert , Sir Gilbert

Protestant

Dissenters.

St Edmundt-buryEleftion.

Pluralities,

be.

Sir Trevor Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Serjeant

Ordered, That the Bill for exempting his Majesty’s Seyes, Mr. Cory ton, Mr. John Trenchard, Sir John Otway,

Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, be read on Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the Borough of St.Edmundsbuiy in the County of Suffolk,

be made on 'Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in One or more Bill or Bills, for correcting Pluralities and Non-residencics relating to Ecclesiastical Benefices.

And it is recommended to Sir Nicolas Carew, Sir Winnington, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Paul Foley, to prepare and bring in the same.

Sir John Moreton, Sir John Brooks, Colonel Webb, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir W Frankland, Mr. Tanner, Sir Tho. Thinne, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Russell, and all the Members of the Long Robe, and all the Members that serve for the County of Wilts, and the several Boroughs therein: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the more easy Collecting of the Duty of Hearth-Hearth-money, was read the First time. money.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sidney's

Petition.

Execution of Lord Stafford.

An ingrossed Bill for rectifying several Errors and Hoghton’s Mistakes in certain Deeds and Settlements, made upon Marriage the Marriage of Sir Charles Hoghton Baronet with Mary Settlement, the Daughter of John Lord Viscount Massareen, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rectifying several Errors and Mistakes in Mr. Trcby acquaints the House, That the Sheriff of the Marriage Settlement of Sir Charles HoghtonM&ronet.

Ordered, That Mr. Sidneys Petition be read on Thursday Morning next.

:fr

Warrants for Witnesses.

Leave of

Absence.

Middlesex had delivered to him a Copy of the Writ, for the Execution of William late Viscount Stafford: And that the said Sheriff was not satisfied, as to the Power of the said Writ:

Resolved, That this House will, on Thursday Morning next, in the first place, take the said Matter into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrants, for Summoning of such Persons as shall be named to him by the Committee appointed to receive Informations relating to the Popish Plot.

Ordered, That Mr. Lucy, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 22° die 1680.

p0/8 rT'HE House being met, in order to go to St. Mar-‘o (Lurch. JL garett's Chnxch, Westminster,

Adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Vo L. IX.

Ordered, That Sir John Otway do carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Burnett Doctor Bit nut tior his Sermon Yesterday preached before this House; and likewise for his Book, intituled, " The History of the Reformation of the Church of And that he be desired to print his Sermon: And that Colonel Titus do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Punishing Bills to correct and punish Atheism, Blaspheming, Swear- Atheism, ing and Debauchery; and for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Burying in John Franklin; Woollen.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to a Bill, sent from this House, intituled, An additional Act for burying in Woollen, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Mr. Thomas Sherydan, in Custody of the Privilege — Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being presented petition from to the House; *Per*mia

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. cus 0

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Weston and Mr. Justice Charlton;

Mr.

Lords iutend to adjourn*

Vanishing

Papists*

Judges

Proceedings.

688 230 Detembris. 1680.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That, at their Rising this Day, they do intend to adjourn till next Sevennight.

A Bill for banishing Papists out of the King's Dominions, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Richard Corbett reports from the Committee appointed to examine the Proceedings of the Judges in -

minster Hall, That the Committee, having taken into their Consideration the Matters to them referred, had agreed upon a special Report, and several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, are as follows; viz.

This Committee, being informed, That, in Trinity Term last, the Court of King’s Bench discharged the Grand Jury that served for the Hundred of in the County of Middlesex, in a very unusual manner, proceeded to in-

quire into the same; and found, by the Information of Charles Umj'revill Esquire, Foreman of the said Jury,

Henry Proby, Henry Gerrard, and John Smith, Gentle-

men, also of the said J urv, That, on the One-and-twentieth of June last, the Constables attending the said Jury were found defective in not presenting the Papists, as they ought: And thereupon were ordered, by the said Jury, to make fuller Presentments of them on the Twenty-sixth following: On which Day the Jury met for that Purpose: When several Peers of this Realm, and other Persons of Honour and Quality, brought them a Bill against James Duke of York, for not coming to Church: But some Exceptions being taken to that Bill, in that it did not set forth the said Duke to be a Papist; some of the Jury attended the said Persons of Quality, to receive Satisfaction therein in the mean time: And about an Hour after they had received the said Bill, some of the Jury attended the Court of King’s Bench with a Petition, which they desired the Court to present, in their Name, unto his Majesty, for the Sitting of the Parliament: Upon which, the Lord Chief Justice Scroggs raised many Scruples; and,

on Pretence that they w ere not all in Court, though Twenty of the Jury had subscribed the Petition, sent for them, saying, lie would dispatch them presently. The Jury being come, and their Names called over, they renewed their Desire, That the Court would present their Petition. But the Chief Justice asked, If they had any Bills. They answered, They had; but the Clerks were drawing them into Form. Upon which the Chief Justice said, They would not make Two Works of One Business. And the Petition being fead; he said, This was no Article of their Charge, nor was there any Act of Parliament that required the Court to deliver the Grand Jury's Petitions; that there was a Proclamation about them; and that it was not reasonable the Court Should be obliged to run on their Errands; and lie thought it much, that they Should come with a Petition to alter the King's Mind declared in the New s-book. The Jury said, They did it not to impose on the Court; but, as other Juries had done, with all Submission, they desired it. But the Court refused, bidding the Cryer return them their Petition. And Mr. Justice Jo told them, They had meddled with Matters of State not given them in Charge; but presented no Bills of the Matters given in Charge. They answered, as before, They had many before them, that would be ready in due time: notwithstanding which, the said Justice Jones told them. They were discharged from further Service: But Philip I Yard, the Clerk that attended the said Jury, cried out, No, no; they have many Bills before them: For which, the Court understanding (as it seems to this Committee) a secret Reason, which the Clerk did not, reproved him, asking, If he, or they, were to give the Rule there. The Cryer then told the Court, They would not receive their Petition: The Chief Justice bid him let it alone. So it wa6 left there: And the Jury returned to the Court-house; and there found several Constables with Presentments of Papists, and other Offenders, as the Jury had directed them the One-and-

U

twentieth before; but could not now receive the said Presentments, being discharged, whereby much Business w as obstructed, though none of the said Informants ever knew the said Jury discharged before the last Day of the Term; which was not till Four Days after.

And it further appeareth to the Committee, by the Evidence of Samuel Astrey, Jasper Waterhouse, and Philip I Yard, Clerks, that have long served in the said Court, That they were much surprized at the said Discharging of the Jury, in that it was never done in their Memory before; and the rather, because the said as Se-

condary, constantly enters on that Grand Jury's Pape:-, That the last Day of the Term is given them to return their Verdict on; as the last Day but one is given to the other Two Grand Juries of that County:

Which Entry is as follow eth;

Trinitat',32 Car. II.

Middlesex, OssulstonHundred.

ad VeredicUnn stiumreddendum usque diem

proxhne post t res Sept imams Sam tec Trinitat is, being the

last Day of the Term: And so in all other the Terms, the last Day given.

Which make it appear to this Committee, That they were not, in Truth, discharged for not having their Presentments ready, since the Court had given them a longer Day, but only to obstruct their further Proceedings.

And it appeareth by the Evidence aforesaid to this Committee, That the Four Judges of that Court were present at the Discharging of the said Jury; and it did not appear, that any of them did dissent therein.

Upon Consideration w hereof, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Discharging the Grand Jury of the Hundred of Ossulston in the County of , by the Court of

King's Bench, in Trinity Term last, before the last Day of the Term, and before they had finished their Presentments, was illegal, arbitrary, and an high Misdemeanor.

This Committee proceeded also to inquire into a Rule of the Court of King’s Bench, lately made against the Publishing a Book, called, " The Weekly Pacquet of Advice from Rome, or the History of Popery."

And Samuel Astrey Gentleman, examined thereupon, informed this Committee, That the Author of the said Book, Henry Carr, had been informed against for the same; and had pleaded to the Information: But, before it was tried, a Rule was made, on a Motion, as he sup-poseth, against the said Book; all the Judges of that Court, as he remembers, being present; and none dissenting: The Copy of which Rule he gave in to this Committee; and is as follow eth;

Dies Jllcrcurii. . proxhne post tres

Trinitat is Anno 32* Car. IIdi est, quod

JJber, intitulat'," The Weekly Pacquet of Advice from

Rome, or the History of Popery," von imprimatur

vcl publiceturper alii/uam Personam nuameunque.

Per Cur.'

And this Committee, admiring that Protestant Judges Should take Offence against a Book, whose chief Design was to expose the Cheats and Foppery of Popery, inquired further into it; and found by the Evidence of Jane Curtis, That the said Book had been licensed for several Months; that her Husband paid for the Copy, and entered it in the Hall Book of the Company: But, for ail this, she could not prevail by these Reasons with the Lord Chief Justice Scroggs, to permit it any longer: Who said, It was a scandalous Libel, and agaimt the King's Proclamation; and he would ruin her, if ever she printed it any more: And, soon after, she was served with the said Rule, as the Author, and other Printers, were.

And by the Author’s Evidence it appears, That he was taken, and brought before the said Chief Justice, by his Warrant, above a Year since: And, upon his ow ning he writ Part of that Book, the Chief Justice called him Rogue, and other ill Names; saying, He would fill all the Gaols in England with such Rogues, and pile them up as Men do Faggots: And so committed him to Prison, refusing

sufficient

3 a Car. II. Decembris 689

sufficient Bail; and saying, he would gaol him to put him to Charges: And his Lordship observed his Word punctually therein, forcing him to his Habeas Carpus; and then taking the same Bail he refused before.

Upon which this Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Rule made by the Court of King's Bench in Trimly Term last, against printing a Book, called, " The Weekly Pacquet of Advice from Rome," is illegal and arbitrary.

And the Committee proceeded further: And, upon Information, That a very great Latitude had been taken of late by the Judges, in imposing Fines on the Persons found guilty before them; caused a Transcript of all the Fines imposed by the King’s Bench since Easter Term, in the Twenty-eighth of his Majesty's Reign, to be brought before them from the said Court by Gentleman.

By Perusal of which, it appeared to this Committee, That the Quality of the Offence, and the Ability of the Person found guilty, have not been the Measures that have determined the Quantity of many of these Fines: Which being so very numerous, the Committee refer themselves to those Records, as to the General; instancing in some Particulars, as followeth;

Trinit', 29° Car. IP1.

Upon Joseph Browne, of London, Gentleman, on an Information, for publishing a printed Book, called, " The Long Parliament dissolved in which is set forth these Words, " Nor let any Man think it strange, that we account it Treason for you to sit and act contrary to our Laws: For if, in the First Parliament of Richard the Second, Grimes and Weston, for lack of Courage only, were adjudged guilty of High Treason, for surrendering the Places committed to their Trust; how much more you, if you turn Renegadoe to the People that intrusted you; and, as much as in you lie, surrender, not a little pitiful Castle or Two, but all the legal Defence the People of England have for their Lives, Liberties and Properties at once? Neither let the vain Persuasion delude you, That no Precedent can be found, That One English Parliament hath hanged up another; though, peradventure, even that may be proved a Mistake: for an unprecedented Crime calls for an unprecedented Punishment: And if you shall be so wicked to do the One, or rather endeavour to do, for now you are no longer a Parliament, what Ground of Confidence you can have, that none will be found so worthy to do the other, we cannot understand: And do faithfully promise, if your Unworthiness provoke us to it, That we will use our honest and utmost Endeavours, whenever a new Parliament shall be called, to choose such as may convince you of your Mistakes. The old and infallible Observation, That Parliaments are the Pulse of the People, shall lose its Esteem; or you will find, that this your Presumption was over-fond: However, it argues but a bad Mind to sin, because it is believed it shall not be punished The Judgment was. That lie be fined Thousand Marks; be bound to the good Behaviour for Seven Years; and his Name struck out of the Roll of the Attornies, without any Offence alledged in his said Vocation. And the Publishing this Libel consisted only in superscribing a Pacquet, with this inclosed, to the East Indies. Which Fine he being not able to pay, living only upon his Practice, he lay in Prison for Three Years, till his Majesty graciously pardoned him; and recommended him to be restored to his Place again of Attorney, by his Warrant dated the Fifteenth of December One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-nine; notwithstanding which he has not yet obtained the said Restoration from the Court of King’s Bench.

Hil', 29 & 30 Car. IIdl Regis.

Upon John Harrington, of London, Gentleman, for speaking these Words; laid in Latin thus, Quod nostra Gubematio de tribus Statibus et si Rebcllio

eveniret in Regno, &; non accideret contra omnes tres Status, non est Rebellio; a Fine of a Thousand Pounds; Sureties for the good Behaviour for Seven Years; and to recant , Vo t. IX.

the Words in open Court. \Vliich Fine he was in no Judges Capacity of ever paying, Proceedings,

Hilar', 31" § 3 20 Car. IP1.

Upon Benjamin Harris, of Lond,'Stationer, on au Information, for printing a Book, called, " An Appeal from the Country to the Citysetting forth these Words,

"We in the Country have done our Parts, in choosing for the Generality good Members to serve in Parliament; but, if, as our Two last Parliaments were, they must be dissolved or prorogued, whenever they come to redress the Grievances of the Subject: We may be pitied, not blamed, if the Plot takes Effect; and, in all Probability, it will: Our Parliaments are not then to be condemned; for that their not being suffered to sit, occasioned it Judgment, to pay Five hundred Pounds Fine; stand on the Pillory an Hour; and give good Security for his Behaviour for Three Years.

And the said Ben. Harris informed this Committee,

That the Lord Chief Justice Scroggs pressed the Court then to add to this Judgment, his being publickly whipped: But Mr. Justice Pemberton holding up his Hands in Admiration at their Severity therein; Mr.

Justice Jones pronounced the Judgment aforesaid. And he remains yet in Prison, unable to pay the said Fine.

notwithstanding which Severity in the Cases fore-mentioned, this Committee has observed, the said Court has not wanted, in other Cases, an extraordinary Compassion and Mercy, though there appeared no publick Reason judicially in the Tryal; as, in particular,

Hilar 310 <§ 320 Car. IP1.

Upon Thomas Knox Principal, on an Indictment of Subornation and Conspiracy, against the Testimony and Life of Doctor Oates, for Sodomy; and also against the Testimony of William Bedloe; a Fine of Two hundred Marks; a Year’s Imprisonment; and to find Sureties for the good Behaviour for Three Years.

Eod. Term.

Upon John Lane, for the same Offence, a Fine of One hundred Marks; to stand in the Pillory for an Hour; and to be imprisoned for One Year.

Pase. 32 Car. IIdi.

LTpon John Tasborough Gentleman; on an Indictment for Subornation of Stephen Dugdale, tending to overthrow the whole Discovery of the Plot: the said Tasborough being affirmed to be a Person of good Quality, a Fine of One hundred Pounds.

Eod. Term.

Upon Anne Price, for the same Offence, Two hundred Pounds.

Trinit', 32 Car. IIdi.

Upon Nath. Thompson and Will. Badcock, on an Information, for printing and publishing, weekly, a Libel, called, "The trueDomestick Intelligence, or News both from City and Country;" and known to be popishly affected; a Fine of Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, on each of them.

Eod. Term.

Upon Matthew Turner, Stationer, on an Information, for vending and publishing a Book, called, " The Compendium,' wherein the Justice of the Nation, in the late Tryals of the Popish Conspirators, even by some of these Judges themselves, is highly arraigned; and all the Witnesses for the King horribly aspersed; and this being the common notorious Popish Bookseller of the Town: Judgment, to pay a Fine of One hundred Marks; and is said to be out of Prison already.

Upon Loveland, on an Indictment for a notorious Conspiracy and Subornation against the Life and Honour of the Duke of Bucks, for Sodomy; a Fine of Five Pounds; and to stand an Hour in the Pillory.

Mich',32° Car.IP1.

Upon Edward Christian Esquire, for the same Offence, a Fine of One hundred Marks; and to stand an Hour in the Pillory. And

Upon Arthur Obryan, for the same Offence, a Fine of Twenty Marks; and to stand an Hour in the Pillory.

3 M Upon

es

eedings.

i£Q Dzcew

A. i6So-

Upon Consideration whereof, this Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Court of King's Bench, in ,the Imposition of fines on Offenders of late Years, hath acted arbitrarily, illegally, and partially; favouring Papists and Persons popishly affected; and excessively oppressing his Majesty’s Protestant Sqbjects.

And this Committee being informed, That several of his Majesty’s Subjects had been committed for Crimes bailable by Law, although they then tendered sufficient Sureties; which were refused, only to put them to Vexation and Charge; proceeded to inquire into the same; and found, That not only the fore-mentioned Henry Carr had been so refused the common Right of a Subject, as is above said, but that George Broome, being a Constable last Year in London, and committing some of the Lord Chief Justice Scroggs' Servants for great Disorders, according to his Duty, he w as in a few Days arrested by a Tipstaff, without any London Constable, and carried before the said Chief Justice, by his Warrant, to answer for the Committing of those Persons abovesaid: But, being the re, w as accused of having spoken irreverently of the said Chief Justice; and an Affidavit read to him to that Purpose, which was falsly (as the said Geo. Broome affirms) sworn against him by Two Persons, that use to be common Bail in that Court, and of very ill Reputation. Upon which he was committed to the Kings Batch, though he then tendered Tw-o able Citizens and Common Councilmen of London, to be his Bail: And he was forced to bring his Habeas Corpus, to his great Charge, before he came out; when the Marshal Mr. Coole'wg exacted Five Pound of him; of which he complained to the Chief Justice; but had no dther Answer, but, He might take his Remedy at Law: But the said Marshal, fearing he Should be questioned, restored him Two Guineas of it.

And further, this Committee was informed, by Fra. Smith, Bookseller, That, about was Twelve-

month, he was brought before the said Chief Justice, by his Warrant; and charged by the Messenger Robert Stevens, That he had seen some Parcels of a Pamphlet, called, " Observations on Sir Geo. J Coleman's Tryal," in his Shop: Upon which the Ctiief Justice told him, He would make him an Example; use him like a Boor in France; and pile him, and all the Booksellers and Printers, up in Prison like Faggots; and so committed him to the King's Bench, sw earing and cursing at him in great Fury: And when he tendered Three sufficient Citizens of London for his Bail, alleging, Imprisonment, in his Circumstances, would be his utter Ruin; the Chief Justice replied, The Citizens looked like sufficient Persons; but he would take no Bail: And so lie w as forced to come out by Habeas Corpus; and was afterw ards informed against for the same Matter, to his great Charge and Vexation.

And a while after, Francis the Son of the said Fra. Smith, was committed by the said Chief Justice, and Bail refused, for selling a Pamphlet, called, " A New Year’s Gift for the said Chief Justice," to a Coffee House: And he declared to them, He would take no Bail, for he would ruin them all.

‘ And further it appeared to this Committee, That the Said Chief Justice, about October was Twelve-month, committed, in like manner, June Curtis, she having a Husband and Children, for selling a Book, called, " A Satire against Injustice;" which his Lordship called a Libel against him: And her Friends tendering sufficient Bail, and desiring him to have Mercy on her Poverty and Condition, he swore, by the Name of God, she Should go to Prison; and he would shew no more Mercy than they could expect from a Wolf that came to devour them; and she might bring her Habeas Corpus, and come out so: Which she was forced to do; and after, informed against, and prosecuted, to her utter Ruin, Four or Five Terms after.

In like Manner, it appeared to this Committee, That, about that Time also, Edward Berry Stationer, of . Inn, was committed by the said Chief Justice, being accused of selling the Observations on Sir Geo.

J9

JTryal; and though he tendered a Thousand Pounds >Bail, yet the Chief Justice said, FJe would take tip Bail; he Should go to Prison, and come out according to Law: And after lie, with much Trouble and Charge, got out by Habeas Corpus, he was forced, by himself, or his Attorney, to attepd Live Terms, before he could be discharged, though no Information was exhibited against him in all thqt Time.

In Consideration whereof, and of others of the like Nature, too tedious here to relate, this Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the refusing sufficient Bail in these Cases, wherein the Persons committed were bailable by Law, was illegal, and a high Breach of the Liberty of the Subject.

And this Committee being informed of an extraordinary kind of a Charge, given at the last Assizes at Kingston in the County of Surrey, by Mr. Baron Weston; and proceeding to examine several Persons then and there present;

It was made appear to this Committee, by the Testimony of John Cole, Richard Mayo, and John Gentlemen, and others (some of whom put down the said Baron's Words in Writing immediately); That Part of the said Charge was to this Effect: He inveighed much against Farrell, Luther, Calvin, and Z condemn-

ing them as Authors of the Reformation, which was against their Princes Minds; and then adding, to this Purpose, " Z uingeliusset up his Fanaticism, and Calvin built on

that blessed Foundation; and, to speak Truth, all his Disciples are seasoned with such a Sharpness of Spirit that it much concerns Magistrates to keep a streight Hand over them: And now they are restless, ampsing us with Fears; and nothing will serve them but a Parliament. For my part, I know no Representative of the Nation but the King: All Power centres in him: It is true, he does intrust it with his Ministers; but he is the sole Representative: And, Ifaith, he has Wisdom enough to intrust it no more in these Men, who have given us such late Examples of their Wisdom and Faithfulness."

And this Committee, taking the said Matter mto their Consideration, came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Expressions, in the Charge given by the said Baron Weston, were a Scandal to the Reformation, in Derogation of the Rights and Privileges of Parliaments, and tending to raise Discord between his Majesty and his Subjects.

And this Committee being informed, by several Printers and Booksellers, of great '['rouble and Vexation given them unjustly by one Robert Stephens, called, a Messenger of the Press;

The said Stephens, being examined by this Committee, By what Authority he had proceeded in that Manner, produced Two Warrants, under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Justice Scroggs: Which w ere in hoc verba:

"Angl.ss. Whereas there are divers ill-disposed Persons, w ho do daily printand publish many seditious and treasonable Books and Pamphlets, endeavouring thereby to dispose the Minds of his Majesty’s Subjects to Sedition and Rebellion; and also infamous Libels reflecting upon particular Persons, to the great Scandal of his Majesty’s Government; for Suppressing whereof, his Majesty hath lately issued out his Royal Proclamation: And for the more speedy Suppressing the said seditious Books, Libels and Pamphlets; and to the end that the Authors and Publishers thereof may be brought to their Punishment; These are to will and require you, and, in his Majesty’s Name, to charge and command you, and every of you, upon Sight hereof, to be aiding and assisting unto Robert Stephens, Messenger of the Press, in the Seizing on all such Books and Pamphlets as aforesaid, as he shall be informed of in any Booksellers or Printers Shops or Warehouses, or elsewhere whatsoever; to the end they may be disposed as to Law shall appertain: Also, if you shall be informed of the Author, Printers, or Publishers of such Books or Pamphlets as are above mentioned, you are to apprehend them, and: have them before One of his Majesty’s Justices of the

Peace,

3 2 Car. tl.

23° Dacembris.

Peace, to be proceeded against according to Law. Dated this Twenty-ninth Day of November 1679.

William

"To Robert Stephens, Messengerof the Press; and to all

Mayors, Sheriffs, Bailitfs, Constables, and all other Officers and Ministers whom these may concern."

" Angl.ss. Whereas the King's Majesty hath lately

issued out his Proclamation, for suppressing the printing and publishing unlicensed News Books and Pamphlets of News; notwithstanding which, there are divers Persons who do daily print and publish such unlicensed Books and Pamphlets: These are therefore, to will and require you, and, in his Majesty's Name, to charge and command you, and every of you, from time to time, and at all times, so often as you shall be thereunto required, to be aiding and assisting to Robert Stephens, Messenger of the Press, in the Seizing all such Books and Pamphlets, as aforesaid, as he shall be informed of in any Booksellers Shop, or Printers Shop or Warehouses, or elsewhere whatsoever, to the end they may be disposed of as to Law shall appertain. Likewise, if you shall be informed of the Authors, Printers, or Publishers of such Books and Pamphlets, you are to apprehend them, and have them before me, or One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to be proceeded against, as to Law shall appertain. Dated this Twenty-eighth Day of May, 4nm Domini 1680. Scroggs.-

" To all Mayors, Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Constables, and all other Officers and Ministers, whom these may concern."

" To Robert Stephens, Messenger of the Press."

Upon View thereof, this Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Warrants are arbitrary and illegal.

And this Committee, being informed of certain scandalous Discourses, said to be uttered in publick Places, by the Lord Chief Justice Scroggs, proceeded to examine Mir Robert Atkins, late One of the Justices of the Common Pleas, concerning the same.

By whom it appears, That, at a Sessions Dinner at the Old Baily, in the Mayoralty of Sir Robert , who

was then present, the said Chief Justice took Occasion to speak very much against Petitioning, condemning it as resembling Forty-one, as factious, and tending to Rebellion, or to that Effect; to which the said Sir Robert Atkins made no Reply, suspecting he waited for some Advantage over him: But the Chief Justice continuing and pressing him with the said Discourse, he began to justify Petitioning as the Right of the People, especially for the Sitting of a Parliament, which the Law requires, if it be done with Modesty and Respect: Upon which the Chief Justice fell into a great Passion: And there is some Reason to believe, that soon after he made an ill Representation of what the said Sir Robert had then spoke, unto his Majesty.

And this Committed was further informed, That the said Sir Robert Atkins being in Circuit with the said Chief Justice at Summer Assizes was Twelve-month, at ti writ h, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Price, and Mr. Bodice, being then in Company; the Chief Justice fell severely, in publick, upon Mr. Bcdloe, taking off the Credit of his Evidence, and alleging, he had overshot himself in it, or to that Effect, very much to the Disparagement of his Testimony: And the said Sir Robert defending Mr. Bcdloe's Evidence and Credit, iie grew extreme angry and loud, saying to this Effect, "That he verily believed Langhorne died innocently;" To which the said Sir Robert replied, " He wondered how he could think so, who had condemned him himself, and liad not moved, the King for a Reprieve for him."

All which Matters of Discourse this Committee humbly submit to the Wisdom and Consideration of this House, without taking upon them to give any Opinion therein.

And this Committee proceeded further to inquire into some Passages that happened at Lent Assizes last, forth*

Vo L. IX.

County of Sotnersett, at the Tryal of Thomas Dare Gen- jU(jgeg tleman, there, upon an Indictment, for saying falsly and Proceeding*, seditiously, That the Subjects had but Two Meansto redress their Grievances, One by Petitioning, the other by Rebellion: And found, That though by his other Discourse, when he said so, That it appeared plainly he had no rebellious Intent, in that he said then, " God forbid there Should be a Rebellion; he would be the first Man to draw his Sword against a Rebel;" yet he was prosecuted with great Violence; and, having pleaded, Not guilty, he moved Mr. Justice Jones, who then sat Judge there, that he might try it at the next Assizes; for that Mr. Searle, who was by at the Speaking of the Words, and

a material Witness for his Defence, was not then to be had; and an Affidavit to that Purpose was made and received: But the Said Justice Jones told him. That was a Favour of the Court only; and he had not deserved any Favour; and so forced him to try it presently: But the Jury appearing to be an extraordinary one, provided on purpose, being all of Persons that had highly opposed Petitioning for the Sitting of this Parliament, he was advised to withdraw his Plea: And the said Justice encouraging him so to do, he confessed the Words, denying any evil Intention; and gave tire said Justice an Account, in Writing, of the Truth of the whole Matter; and made a Submission in Court, as he was directed by the said Justice; who promised to recommend him to his Majesty; but imposed a Fine of Five hundred Pounds upon him, and to be bound to good Behaviour for Three Years; declaring also, That he was turned out from being a Common Counsellor of the Corporation of Taunton in the said County, on Pretence of a Clause in their Charter, giving such a Power to a Judge of Assize: And the said Thomas Dare remains yet in Prison for the said Fine.

In which Matter of the Tryal aforesaid, this Committee desireth to refer itself to the Judgment of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Discharging of the Grand Jury, of the Hundred of Oswaldslon in the County of Middlesex, by the Court of King's Bench, in Trinity Term last, before the last Day of tire Term, and before they had finished their Presentments, was illegal, arbitrary, and a high Misdemeanor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Rule made by the Court of King's Bench in Trinity Term last, against printing a Book, called,

" The Weekly Pacquet of Advice from Rome," is illegal and arbitrary.

J

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Court of King's Bench, in the Imposition of Fines on Offenders, of late Years, hath acted arbitrarily, illegally, and partially; favouring Papists and Persons popishly affected; and excessively oppressing his Majesty 's Protestant Subjects.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Refusing of sufficient Bail in those Cases wherein the Persons committed were bailable by Law, was illegal, and a high Breach of the Liberty of the Subject.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Expressions, in the Charge given by the said Baron Weston, were a Scandal to the Reformation, in Derogation of the Rights and Privileges of Parliaments, and tending to raise Discord between his Majesty and his Subjects.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Warrants are arbitrary and illegal.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And an Amendment being proposed and agreed to by the House, and made at the Clerk’s Table;

Resolved, Nemine conti'adicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee, That the Discharging of the Grand Jury of the Hundred of Oswaldstofi in the County of Middlesex by the Court of King’s Bench; in? Trinity Term last, before the last Day of the Term, and before they had finished their Presentments, was* arbitrary and illegal, destructive to pabfick Justicey smabifesfc Vfolatieft

6^2 230 — 34° D A. 1680.

Judges t>f the Oaths of the Judges of that Court, and a Means Proceedings, to subvert the fundamental Laws of this Kingdom, and to introduce Popery.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And an Amendment being proposed and agreed to by the House; and made at the Clerk’s Table;

Resolved, Nemine contradkente. That this House doth

agree with the Committee, That the Rule made by the Court of King’s Bench in Trinity Term last, against the Printing of a Book, called, "The Weekly Paequet of Advice from Rome" is illegal and arbitrary; thereby usurping to themselves Legislative Power, to the great Discouragement of the Protestants, and for the Countenancing of Popery.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine con That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Court of King’s Bench, in the Imposition of Fines on Offenders of late Years, hath acted arbitrarily, illegally, and partially; favouring Papists, and Persons popishly affected; and excessively oppressing his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the refusing sufficient Bail in those Cases, wherein the Persons committed were bailable by Law, was illegal, and a high Breach of the Liberty of the Subject.

The Fifth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And an Amendment being proposed and agreed to by the House, and made at the Clerk’s Table;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Expressions, in the Charge given by the said Baron Weston, were a Scandal to the Reformation, and tending to raise Discord between his Majesty and his Subjects, and to the Subversion of the ancient Constitution of Parliaments, and of the Government of this Kingdom.

The Sixth and last of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the said Warrants are arbitrary and illegal.

Judges Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Sir II'm. Scroggs

impeached. Knight, Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, be impeached upon the said Report, and the Resolutions of the House thereupon.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Sir Thomas Jones, One of the Justices of the said Court of King’s Bench, be impeached upon the said Report, and Resolutions of the House thereupon.

Resolved, Neminecontradiccnte, That Sir Richard JVes-

ton, One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, be impeached upon the said Report, and Resolutions of the House thereupon.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare an Impeachment against Sir Francis Chief Justice of

the Court of Common Pleas, do prepare Impeachments against the said Sir IVm. Scroggs, Sir Tho. Jones, and Sir Rich. Weston, upon the said Report and Resolutions.

Ordered, That the said Report, and several Resolutions of this House thereupon, be printed: And that Mr. Speaker take care in the Printing thereof apart from this Day’s other Votes.

Execution of Resolved, &c. That this House is content that the s°r«- a Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do execute late

1 or Viscount Stafford, by severing his Head from his Body,

only.

1 A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Franckland;

Impeach- Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to pre-Se'nt wr^Ir* sent House with a Copy of Mr. Seymours Answer to eymour. Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this House, Restoring That Mr. Jos. Browne ought to be restored to all the Browne. Offices and Places which were taken from him by Occasion of a Judgment given against him in the Court of King’s Bench, in Trinity Tenn, 29* Car. IIdl; upon an Information for publishing an unlicensed Book, called,

" The Long Parliament dissolved."

Ordered, That the Bill for exempting his Majesty's Protestant Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of Evg- ^,ss*nt*r5< land, from the Penalties of certain Laws, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee to whom Complaint the Examination of the Complaint against Rich. Thompson. Clerk, was referred, That the Committee, having 3 0,nP£fca taken the same into their Consideration, had directed him to make a Special Report thereof to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be read at the Table Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Committis?, be revived; und do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of St. Edmund. Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for bury, &<-.

Edmundsbury in the County of Suffolke, and Marlborough ectI0ns’ in the County of Wilts, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Sydney's Petition be read To- Sydney’* morrow Morning. Btuum.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock-To-morrow Morning.

Veneris, 24* die Decem lGSO.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Rich. Cast and Sir IVm. Eccleshtsii. Pulteney be added to the Committee appointed to cal Court*, receive Complaints against the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts.

A Bill for Sale of the Estate of Jos. Cencden, deceased, Cowdens for the Payment of his Debts, and raising of Portions for tstaW‘ his Daughters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Holman, Sir Tho. Player, Mr. CoSir IVm. Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Mildmay, Sir Sir Anth.

Irby, Mr. Pozc/e, Sir Rich.Cust, Mr. Foley, Sir

IVm. Francklin, Mr. Wright, Mr. John Coryton, Sir

Trevor Williams, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Rob. Carr, Mr.

Rcyncll, Sir John Knight, Sir EJiab Sir John

Hobart, Mr. Mansell, Sir Peter Glean, Sir Ford;

and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Counties of Middlesex and Essex:

And they are to summon before them, as well the Widow of the said Jos.Cazcden, deceased, as also, Cowden,

the Son, and his Guardian and Trustees; and the several Creditors and younger Children of the said Coraden, deceased; and likewise, to examine fully into the intended Will of Jos. Cozcden, deceased, alleged in the Bill; and to report the same to the House: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to re- Corporations, peal the Law made for Regulating of Corporations:

And it is recommended to Sir Wm. Jones, Mr. Colt, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Rich. Cust, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Rub.

Carr, to prepare and draw up the same.

Sir Rich. Corbett reports from the Committee of Elec- St. Edmond-

tiens and Privileges to whom the Matter touching the B*c"

Election ’

Barnstaple

Election.

Marlborough

Election.

2 Car. II. 240 Decembris. 693

Election for the Borough of St. in the County of Suffotke was referred, That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon Two Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follows;

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Thomas Harvey Knight is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Edmondsbury in the County of Suffolke.

Resolved, &c. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Germin Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Edmundsbury in the County of Suffolke.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time to the House;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Sir Thomas Harvey Knight is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Edmundsbury in the County of Suffolke.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Thomas Germin Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Edmundsbury in the County of Suffolke.

Mr. Treby reports to the House from the Committee of Elections and Privileges to whom the Matter of the Election for the Borough of Barnstaple in the County of Devon was referred, That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon Two Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follows; v

Resolved, &c. That Arthur Acland Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple in the County of Devon.

Resolved, &e. That Rich. Lee Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Barnstaple.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Arthur Ackland Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple in the County of Devon.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Richard Lee Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Barnstaple.

Mr. Treby further acquaints the House with several Misdemeanors committed by Mr. Fairechild, late Mayor of the said Borough, at the said Election.

Ordered, That the said John Fairchild be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer, at the Bar of this House, for the Misdemeanors by him committed at the said Election.

Mr. Treby reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges to whom the Matter of the Election for the Borough of Marlborough in the County of Wilts, was referred, That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon Two Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follows; viz.

Resolved, &c. That Thomas Lord Bruce is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That Thomas Barn Esquire is duly elected

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Marlborough.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Vol. IX.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Thomas Lord Bruce is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough in the County of Wilts.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Thomas Rennet Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Marlborough.

The Report from the Committee appointed to ex- Complaint amine the Matter of the Complaint against Richard against Thompson, Clerk, being read at the Clerk’s Table, is as ihomP*on' follows; viz.

In the first Place, The Committee read unto the said Thompson the Heads of the Complaint against him; which, for the most part, he denying, desired to have his Accusers brought Face to Face.

Whereupon the Committee proceeded to the Examination of Witnesses, to prove the said Complaint.

The first Witness examined saith, That, there being a great Noise and Rumour, that Mr. Thompson had prepared a Sermon to be preached on the Thirtieth of January 1679, the said Witness went to the said Sermon; and did hear Mr. Thompson publickly declare, That the Presbyterians were such Persons as the very Devil blushed at them: And that the Villain Hampden grudged, and made it more Scruple of Conscience, to give Twenty Shillings to the King, for supplying his Necessities, by Ship-money and Loan, which was his Right by Law, than to raise Rebellion against him: And that the Presbyterians are worse, and far more intolerable, than either Priests or Jesuits.

The Second saith, That, hearing agreatTalk and Noise spread, of a Sermon to be preached by Mr. Thompson on the Thirtieth of Januaryit>7Q, was minded to hear the same; and accordingly did: At which he writ some Notes: Amongst which he saith, That Mr. Thompson openly preached, That the Devil blushed at the Presbyterians: And that the Villain Hampden grudged more to give the King Twenty Shillings, which was his just Due by Law (Ship-money and Loan), than to raise Rebellion against. ...: And that a Presbyterian Brother, qua was as great a Traitor by the Statute, as any Priest or Jesuit whatsoever: That he heard, that Mr. Thompson said, That he hoped the Presbyterians would be pulled out of their Houses, and the Gaols filled with them; and wished their Houses burnt.

The Third saith, That he was cited to the Bishop's Court to receive the Sacrament last Easter: But, being out of Town at that Time, did receive it at a Place called Purl in Wiltshire: And that a Month after he came Home, was again cited to the said Court; and he did accordingly appear, and told the Court, That he. hoped his Absence and Business might be accepted for a lawful Excuse: Upon which, Mr. 7nompson immediately said, That they would proceed to excommunicate him:

Upon which this Informant produced his Certificate; of which the Chancellor approved, and said, It was lawful: Hereupon Mr. Thompson said, That his receiving the Sacrament from any other Minister, than the Minister of the Parish wherein he dwelt, was Damnation to his Soul: And, That he would maintain this Doctrine.

The Fourth saith. That, being at Fair, he heard

a great Talk and Noise of a Satire Sermon, prepared and designed to be preached by Mr. Thompson against the Presbyterians on the Thirtieth of January 1679: And that very many resorted to hear him: In which Sermon the said Mr. Thompson declared and said, That there was a great Talk of a riot; but (says he) a Presbyterian is the Man: And further added, That the Villain Hampden scrupled to give the King Twenty Shillings upon Ship-money and Loan, which was his Due by Law; but did not scruple to raise Rebellion against him.

% N Th*

Complaint

against

Thompson.

-trs?

694 24? EkcemBrif. 1.680.

The' Fifth saith, That Mr; 7'HompSon; ih a Sermon There was a great Noise of a Popish Plot; but, saysi preached the Thirtieth of January1679, did shy, That he. Here is nothing in it bat a Presbyterian Plot; for* the Presbyterians did seem to outvie Mariana. And that here they are going about to petition for the Sitting of Calvin w as the first that preached the King-killing Doc- the Parliament; but the End of it will be to bring the trine: And that, after he had quoted Calvin often, said, King’s Head to the Block, as they have done his. If this be true, then a Presbyterian Brother, qua tails, is Father.

as great a Traitor as any Priest or Jesuit: And that then ‘ The Thirteenth saith, That, in January last, or there-he condemned all the Proceedings of Parliaments. abouts, there was a Petition going about for the Sitting

The Sixth saith, That the said Mr. Thompson had of this Parliament; when Mr. , in

uttered many scandalous Words concerning the Act for Church, in his Sermon, said, It was a Seditious and re-Burying in Woollen; affirming, That the Makers of that bellious Petition; and ratlier than he would sign it, his Law were a Company of old Fools and Fanaticks: And Hand Should be cutoff.

that he w ould bring a School Boy Should make a better The Fourteenth saith, That, the Eighth Day of April, , Act than that; and "construe it when he had done. he going to pay Mr. Thompson his Dues, speaking con-

The Seventh saith, That Mr. Thompson, in a Sermon cerning the Meeters in private, Mr. Thompson said, He by him preached, while Petitions for the Sitting of this would hale them out, and fill the Gaols with them; and Parliament were on Foot, speaking of a Second Rebel- hoped to see their Houses a-fire about their Ears in a lion by the Scotch, who had framed a formidable Army, Short time: And This he the said Thompson doubled again and came as far as Durham to deliver a Petition, for- and again.

sooth; and that they seemed rather to command than The Fifteenth saith, That, about December One thou-petition their Sovereign to grant: And, comparing that sand Six hundred and Seventy-nine, Mr. Thompson came Petition with the then Petition on foot, greatly inveighed to visit his Mother, being sick; and, discoursing of Re-against it; and scoffed much at it. ligion, she said, '1 said, If he were as w ell satisfied

The Eighth saith, That Mr. Thompson, when the Peti- of other Things, as he was of Justification, Auricular

tien was on foot for the Sitting of this Parliament, used, Confession, Penance, Extreme Unction, and Chrism in at the Funeral Sermon of one Air. Wharton, these Words Baptism, lie would not so long have been separated trom (pointing at the Dead, said), That he was no schismutical the Catholick Church: And further affirmed, That the petitioning Rebel: And that, by his Instigation, the Church ui Jlome was the true Catholick Church: lie Grand Jury of I iris toll made a Presentment of their De« further endeavoured to prove Extreme Unction, and Au-testulion against Petitioning for the Sitting of the Purlin- ricular Confession, as well as he could, out of the Epis-ment. That the said Mr. 'Thompson had told him, That ties. Further, he hath heard him say, The King was a he was Governor to Mr. Narbor, when lie was beyond Person of mean and soft Temper, and could be led easily

Sea; and said, That lie had been very often, and above to any thing; but yet a Solomon in Vices: But that the

One hundred times, at Mass, in the great Church at Duke of York was a Prince of a brave Spirit, would be Paris; and usually gave Ilalf-a-crow n to get a Place to faithful to his Friends; and that it was our ow n Faults

hear a certain Doctor of that Church; and that lie was that lie was a Catholick, in that we forced him

like to he brought over to that Religion: And that when to tly into France, where he embraced that Religion, he went beyond Sea, did not know' but that lie might About the same time, lie the said Thompson said, The be of that Religion before his Return. That he is very Church would be Militant; but greatly commended the censorious; and frequently casts evil Aspersions against Decency of solemnizing the Mass in; and that it

several Divines at Bristol!,of great Note; viz. Mr. Chet-was performed with much more Reverence and Devo-

1 vyml, Mr. Standfast, Mr . Crosma/r, Mr. Palmer, and tien, than any other Religion doth use. He further heard

others; saying, That such as ’went to their Lectures him say in a Sermon, about the time of Petitioning, lie were the Brats of the Devil. would rather cut off his Hand, than sign it: And had

T he Ninth saith, That Mr. Thompson, in his Preach- many bad Expressions of it; That it was the Seed of Being inveighed bitterly against subscribing Petitions for hellion, and like Forty and Forty-one. the Sitting of this Parliament; saying, That it was the And further, the said Mr. Thompson, at one Sand ford's Seed of Rebellion, and like to Forty-one; and that the Shop Door in speaking of Bedloe, said, That he

Devil set them on Work, and the Devil would pay them was not to be believed, because Bedloe had said, He their Wages: Saving, That, before he would set his (meaning Air. was at St. where Mr.

Hand to such Petitions lie would cut it off’; yea, and cut Thompson said, lie was not: And that Bedloe was of a

them off. bad Life, and in many Plots, and not to be credited in

T he Tenth saith, That, about Two Years since, being any thing he said: And that, in another Discourse, lie in the Chancel of St.Thomas' Church in Bristoll, where commended the Romish Clergy for their single Life; and ..... Elizabeth's Effigies is, Mr. Thompson, pointing his - is himself so; and did at the same time vilify and rail Finger to it, said, That she was the worst of Women; at the English Clergy for Marrying; saying, It was bet-

and a most lewd and infamous Woman: Upon which for for a Clergyman to be gelt than to marry: And that

this Informant replied, he never heard any speak ill of the Calvinists in France were lecherous Fellows, and her: Thereupon Mr. Thompson said, She was no better could scarce be Two Years a Priest without a M ile, than a Church Robber: And that Henry the Eighth be- About the Time and after the Election of Sir John gan it; and that she finished it. Knight to this Parliament, Mr. Thompson said, He was

The Eleventh (Mr. Roue)saith, That, in the Year not fit to be believed; and as bad os any Fanntick. One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-eight, he waited He further said in the Pulpit at Thomas's, That, on the Mayor to Church; and Mr. Thompson, who was after Excommunication by the Bishop, without Abso-there, raised at Henry the Eighth; saying, He did more lution from the Spiritual Court, such a One was surely Hurt in robbing the Abbey Lands, than he did Good damned; and he would pawn his Soul for the T ruth by the Reformation: That, after Dinner, Mr. Thompson of it.

comes to this Informant, and claps his hands on his Evidence ended; — Mr. Thompson, after the Evidence Shoulders; saying, " Hall, Boy ! had Queen Elizabeth given by every particular Person Face to Face, was asked been living, you need not to have been Swordbearer of to every One, if he had any Questions to ask, before Bristoll:" The said Roue asking him, Why; he replied, they called another? Who answered, lie Should not say " She loved such a lusty Itogue so well, as he was; and he any thing at present. When the Witnesses before men-would have been very fit for her Drudgery at Whitehall." tioned were all examined, Mr. Thompson being desired to The Twelfth said, That he heard a great Noise of a make his Defence, and declare, ’Whether he w ere guilty Sermon to he preached by Mr. Thompson, on the Thirtieth of the Matters laid to his Charge, did, for the greatest of January One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-nine, part, confess W ords spoken to that Effect; and, in other to the Second Part of the same Tune: And that he was things, endeavoured to turn the Words with more Fa-present at the same Sermon, in which Mr. Thompson said your towards himself: But the Witnesses being of great 25 Credit,

Thompson to he impeached.

Protestant

Dissenters.

Popish Plot in Ireland.

Army

Accounts

Banishing

Papist*.

Popish Plot.

52s Car. II. *4' — WDemdw: 6 95

Gredin and- many mow bring ready ito have* made: geodi the saane.Things, ibe Committee looked upon, the Busi-neesetober oLahigh Nature; and therefore ordered the Matter to: be reported) specially, leaving it to the Wiisr do»:of the House,

Ai Debate- arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved;. Nanim contradicente, That Richard Thbnph sott, Glerk; hathipubiiekly defamed his Sacred Majesty.;-preached:Sedition; vilified the Reformation; promoted Popery, by asserting Popish Principles, decrying the Po-r pish Plot, and turning the same upon the Protestants; and endeavoured to subvertithe Liberty and Property, of: the Subject, and the Rights and Privileges of Parliament.: And that he is a Scandal and a Reproach to his Function.

Resolved, &. c. That the said Richard Thompson, be impeached: upon the said Report and Resolutions of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare the said Impeachment.

And it is referred to Sir Win. Jones, Colonel Titus, Sir John Knight, Sir Tho.Lee, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Vernon,

Sir John Trevor, Colonel Birch, Sir M

S i r Fr. IVinning Ion, Mr Hamden, Lord Russell,

Sir Tho. Meers, Sir Tho. Player, Mr. Paul Foley, Colonel

Mildmay, Mr. Vaughan, or any of them, to draw up the same: And the said Committee is impowered to receive further Informations against the said Rich. Thompson: And to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Report, and Resolve of this House thereupon, be forthwith printed.

A Bill for exempting his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee to whom the Bill for uniting his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects, upon the Debate of the House, is committed: And they are to sit at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Sampson, and others, was read.

The said Petitioners being called in, gave the House an Account concerning the Proceedings of Sir Da-

C u

vies, Secretary of State in Ireland, in the Prosecution of the Popish Plot there.

Ordered, That the further Examination of this Matter be referred to the Committee appointed to receive Informations touching the horrid Popish Plot: Who are to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And the said Committee is to sit dc die in diem; notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Colt, Mr.

JVhile, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Thinne, Mr. Mr.

Jefferies, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Walter Baggot, Mr.

Coningsby, Sir Wm.Ellis, Lord Brandon, Sir Tho.

Meercs, Mr. Slater, Sir Row land Guinn, Sir Tho.

Clurges, Sir John Trevor, Mr . Duboys, Mr. Sir

Wm. Waller, Mr. Lcveson G Mr. Wentworth, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir John HothamAlderman Love, Mr.

Buscavvcn, be added to the Committee appointed to receive the Accompts of the Commissioners for disbanding the Army.

A Bill for banishing Papists out of the King's Dominions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Wm. Jones, Sir Sir Wm. Waller, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Gerrard, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Rich. Temple, Colonel Deering, Mr. Harbord, Sir Tho. Meeres, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Trevor,

Lord Russell, Mr. Hamden: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

The House being informed, That Mr. Blundell can make Discovery of the horrid Popish Plot;

Von.IX.

Ordered^ Thajk Mr. Bhmiell do- atteqd this House, to

S’ve in his Information, at the Bar of the House: And lr. Speaker is desired to signify the same by a Letter to the-sridvMri Blundell,

And then the House, adjourned to Thursday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Jovis, 30* die Decembris, 1(380.

P it A YERS.

THE Clerk of the Crown being called in, amended R

the Return for Barnstaple in the County of Keturu

by razing out the Name of Arthur and inserting amended,

the Name of Richard Lee Esquire, in the Indenture.

Ordered, That Mr. Thistlethmaile,a Member of this Leave of House, have Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

A Petition of William Tawnesend was read. Ecclesiasti-

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee ap- caJ Court*, pointed to receive Complaints against the Proceedings of the Ecclesiastical Courts; to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Sir George Damning reports from the Committee, to Woolen . whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Manufacture. Woolen Manufacture of Englatul, by the general Wearing thereof, was committed; and to whom several Petitions of Handicraftsmen and Artificers in the City of London, were referred; That the Committee, having taken the Matters to them referred into Consideration, had directed him to make a special Report, as to the said Petitions; and that they had agreed to several Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to by the House.

The Question being proposed, That the said Bill and Amendments be ingrossed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned to this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Trade do sit Committe* on next Saturday Sevennight. of Trade.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare Evidence Evidence against the Lords in the Tamer, do look into against im-the Evidence against the Four Popish Lords in the Touxr; and report their Opinions to the House; in s‘ order to the further Directions and Proceedings of the House against them.

Ordered, That an humble Application be made to his Application Majesty from this House, by such Members thereof as for Pttpei*. are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to desire his Majesty to give Order, That the Information and Evidence given by Mr. Serjeant, and others, before his Majesty in Council, in the Case of John Gaven, executed for High Treason; and also, all other Evidences, Informations, Writings, Letters, and Papers, delivered in to the Council, relating to the Popish Plot; may be communicated to the House.

Resolved, That the several Writings,’Papers, and Pro- Secret Ser ceedings, relating to such Members of the late Long Par- vice Money liament, who received Allowances out of the Monies ap- to Members-pointed for secret Service, be produced to this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That no Member of Members this House shall accept of any Office, or Place of Profit, accepting from the Crown, without the Leave of this House, or place»-any Promise of any such Office, or Place of Profit, during such rime as Jh$ shall continue a Member of this House.

Resolved,

Superstition*

Bequests.

Committees.

Importing

Guns.

Making Casks, &c.

Wights and Measures.

Foreign Pro testants Nat.

Arbitrary

lines.

Answer to Application for Papers.

696 30° — 31* Decembris. — 3 1680.

Resolved, That all Offenders herein shall be expelled this House.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Discovery of Settlements of Estates to superstitious Uses, be read Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning,

Veneris, 31* die D, 1680.

by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, desiring his Majesty to give Order, That such Evidences and Informations as were given in to the Council by Mr. Serjeant, and others, in the Case of John Gaoen, executed for High Treason; and for all other Evidences, Papers, Writings, Letters, and Informations delivered in to the Council, relating to the Popish Plot: might be communicated to this House; his Majesty was pleased to declare his Commands,

That the same Should be delivered accordingly.

And further acquainted the House, That Sir John Nicholas, One of the Clerks of the Council, had assured him, That all the said Papers were already transmitted to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That all the Members of the Long Robe be Committed added to the Committee appointed to receive Informa- " e ' tiens relating to the Popish Plot.

Prayers.

A BILL prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Guns, was read a Second time.

The Question being put. That the Bill be committed; It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Luna, 3° die Januatii, 1680.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Abuses in Making of Casks, Barrels, and other Vessels.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to peruse the Laws relating to Weights and Measures; and to report their Opinions therein to the House; and to bring in a Bill or Bills for the better regulating and ascertaining the same.

And it is recommended to Mr. Sir George

Downing, Colonel Birch, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Edu ard Harley, Sir John Clobery, Mr SSir Trevor Williams,

Sir John Olway, Mr. Colt, Sir John Sir Thomas

Player, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir Richard Cast, Mr.

Serjeant Maynard, Sir Thomas Sir Robert

Clayton.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a general Naturalization of all alien Protestants, giving them Leave to exercise their Trades in Corporations.

And it is recommended to the Care of Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr Duboys, Sir Dozening, Sir

John Knight, Sir Christopher Musgrave, 'Sir Antony Irby, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Robert Clay-

ton, Mr. Love, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir John Mr. Forester, Mr. Harhord, Sir Henry Mr.

Mr. Boscawcn, Sir John Otway, Lord Russell, Sir Henry

Ford, Mr. Colt, Sir Hump. Foster, Sir Player, Mr. Pilkington, Sir Edward Harley, Sir William Waller, Sir John Moreton, or any Three of them, to prepare and draw up the same.

A Bill for the Relief of the Subject against arbitrary Fines, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Paul Foley, Sir William Jones, Sir Fra. Mr. Con-

ningsby, Mr. Duboys, Sir John Mr. Boscazeen,

Sir John Otway, Serjeant Seyce, Colonel liam Bastard, Sir John Knight, Sir Edward Harley, Sir Henry Capell, Sir Richard Cust, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hamden, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Love, Mr. Pozvle, Mr. Treby, Mr. Upton, Mr. White, Sir Samuel BMr

Mr. Bond, Sir Robert Markham, Sir Wm. Poultney, Sir

Waller Young, Mr. Gee, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Cory ton, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Roger Hill, Sir Thomas Stringer, Sir Richard Corbett, Sir William Mr. Tho. Mr.

Whorwood: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hyde acquaints the House, That his Majesty, according to the Order of the House, having been attended

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Robert Clayton be added to Post Office,

to Committee appointed to inspect the Law made for the erecting and settling the Post Office; and to bring in a Bill or Bills for regulating the Post Office.

An ingrossed Bill for the Naturalization of Peter Tiers’, \c. and others, was read a Third time. v,at-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Naturalization of Peter Elers, and others, Aliens born.

Ordered, That Mr. Papi/lon do carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Scotch Castle from Scotland was read a Third time. Cattle.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act limiting the Times of Importation of Cattle from Scotland.

Ordered, That Sir George Downing do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for repealing an Act made in the Thirteenth Corporation!. Year of his now Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Well-governing and Regulating of Corporations, was read the First time.

Resolved, That this Bill be read a Second time on Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for the better Discovery of the Settlements of Supfrititioui Estates for superstitious Uses, was read the First time. Bequests.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on day Morning next, alter Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

Mr. Treby reports from the Committee of Elections Steyning and Privileges, to whom the Matter touching the Election Election, for the Borough of Steyning in the County of Sussex, was referred, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon Two Resolves:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follows; viz.

Resolved, That John Tufton Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning in the County of Sussex.

Resolved, That Philip Gell Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time to the House;

Resolved,

0.

to

aj

Ui

C;>

3Cjt;

4v.

L»4

Paving Streets, &c.

Privilege — Petition from a person in custody.

Protestant

Dissenters.

Bribery at Elections.

Tryals of Peers.

Impeachment of Mr. Seymour.

32 Car. II. 30

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That John Tufton Esq. was not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning in the County of Sussex.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, that Philip Gell Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough

of Steyning.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Tomorrow Morning, and amend the Return for Steyning.

Ordered, That Mr. George Walsh be added to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws concerning Paving and Repairing of the Streets, and Regulating of Hackney Coaches; and to bring in a Bill or Bills for regulating the same.

A Petition of John Fairchild, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

Ordered, That the said John Fairchild be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Evidence against Mr. Seymour, and manage the same at his Tryal.

And it is referred to Sir William Jones, Mr. Mount a-gue, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fleetwood, Colonel Titus, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Era. Winnington, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Lord Russell, Mr. Harbord, Sir William Poultneyor any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And- are to sit fife die in diem: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Richard Corbett reports from the Committee ap- Sir W. pointed to prepare an Impeachment against Sir William Scroggs’ Ira-Scroggs Knight, Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Peac^m'Dt' Bench, upon the former Report of the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the House thereupon, That the Committee, having taken the Matters to them referred into Consideration, had agreed upon severel Articles of Impeachment against the said Sir William Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being lead, are as follows;

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Timothy Baldwin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent this House a Bill, intituled, An Act for distinguishing Protestant Dissenters from Popish Recusants: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Articles of Impeachment of Sir William Scroggs Knight, Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, by the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, in their own Name, and in the Name of all the Commons of England, of High Treason, and other great Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Sir Edzcard Harley reports from the Committee to

whom tire Bill for regulating the Election of Members to serve in the Commons House of Parliament, and the Bill for preventing the Offences of Bribery and Debauchery in such Elections, w'ere committed; That the Committee, having taken the said Bills into their Consideration had reduced the same into One Bill; and had agreed upon several Amendments to be made, and Clauses to be added, to the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at thfe Clerk’s Table: Where the same were once read.

All the Amendments before the Third Line of the Seventh Folio, being read a Second time, were, with some Amendments made at the Table, upon the Question, severally agreed to by the House.

The Clause there to be inserted being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, That the said Clause be re-committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon:

Ordered, That the said Clause be re-committed to the said Committee, upon the Debate of the House: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all the Members of this House that are of the Long Robe, are to attend at the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir Timothy Baldwin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to put this House in mind of the Bill for better Regulating of the Tryals of the Peers of England.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and

Sir Adam Otley;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded to acquaint this House, That the Lords had received a Petition from Mr. Seymour, wherein he desires a Day may be appointed for his speedy Tryal: That their Lordships, finding no Issue by Replication of the Commons, think fit to give this House Notice thereof.

The Answer of Edward Seymour Esquire, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the Commons, assembled in Parliament, was read.

Vo 1. IX.

IMPRIMIS, That he the said Sir William Scroggs, then being Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, hath traitorously and wickedly endeavoured to subvert. the fundamental Laws, and the established Religion and Government of this Kingdom of England; and, instead thereof, to introduce Popery, and Arbitrary and Tyrannical Government against Law; which he has declared by divers traiterous and wicked Words, Opinions, Judgments, Practices, and Actions.

Ay, That he the said Sir William Scroggs, in Trinity Term last, being then Chief Justice of the said Court; and having taken an Oath duly to administer Justice according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; in pursuance of his said traiterous Purposes, did, together with the rest of the Justices of the same Court, several Days before the End of the said Term, in an arbitrary Manner, discharge the Grand Jury, which then served for the Hundred of Osicaldslonin the County of -

se.i; before they had made their Presentments, or had found several Bills of Indictment, which were then before them: Whereof the said Sir William Scroggs was then fully informed; and that the same would be tendered to the Court upon the last Day of the said Term; which Day then was, and by the known Course of the said Court, hath always heretofore been given unto the said Jury for the Delivering in of their Bills and Presentments: By which sudden and illegal Discharge of the said Jury, the Course of Justice was stopped maliciously and designedly; the Presentments of many Papists and other Offenders were obstructed; and, in particular, a Bill of Indictment against James Duke of for absenting

himself from Church, which was then before them, was prevented from being proceeded upon.

3dly, That, whereas one Hemy Carr had, for some time before, published every Week a certain Book, intituled, " The weekly Pacquet of Advice from Rome, or, The History of Popery wherein the Superstitions and Cheats of the Church of Rome, were from time to time exposed; he the said Sir William Scroggs, then Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, together with the other Judges of the said Court, before any legal Conviction of the said Carr of any Crime, did, in the same Trinity Term, in a most illegal and arbitrary manner, make, and cause to be entered, a certain Rule of that Court against the Printing of the said Book, in hrec verba;

8 0 " D ies

3 ° Januarii. A. 1680.

Sir W.

Scroggs’ Im peachment.

" Dies Mcrcur'd,proximo post Tre* Sanctce

Trinitatis, Anno 32 Ild< Regis"

" Ordimtumest, quod Liber, The Weekly

Racquet of Advice from Rome, or the History of Popery, non ulteriusimprimatur vet pper aliquant Personam quamcunque;"

Per Cur'"

And did cause the said Carr, and divers Printers, and other Persons, to be served with the same: W hich said Rule, and other Proceedings, were most apparently contrary to all Justice, in condemning not only what had been written, without hearing the Parties, but also all that might for the future be written on that Subject; a manifest Countenancing of Popery, and Discouragement of Protestants; an open Invasion upon the Right of the Subject, and encroaching and assuming to themselves a Legislative Porver and Authority.

4thly, That he the said Sir William, Scroggs, since he was made Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, hath, together with the other Judges of the said Court, most notoriously departed from all Rules of Justice and Equality, in the Imposition of Pines upon Persons convicted of Misdemeanors in the said Court; and particularly, in the Term of Easter last past, did openly declare in the said Court, in the case of one Jcssop, who was convicted of publishing false News, and was then to be fined, That he would have Regard to Persons, and their Principles, in the imposing of Fines; and would set a Fine of Five hundred Pounds on One Person for the same Offence, for the which he would not fine another One hundred Pounds: And, according to his said unjust and arbitrary Declaration, he the said Sir William t6"ether

with the said other Justices, did then impose a Fine of One hundred Pounds upon the said , although the said Jessop had before that Time procured one JIacett to be convicted as Author of the said false News; and afterwards, in the same Term, did fine the said upon his said Conviction, only Five Marks: Nor hath the said Sir William Scroggs, together with the other Judges of the said Court, had any Regard to the Nature of the Offences, or the Ability of the Persons, in the imposing of Fines, but have been manifestly partial and favourable to Papists, and Persons affected to and promoting the Popish Interest, in this time of imminent Danger from them; and, at the same time, have most severely and grievously oppressed his Majesty’s Protestant Subject's; as will appear upon view of the several Records of Fines set in the said Court: By which arbitrary, unjust, and partial Proceedings, many of his Majesty’s Liege People have been ruined, and Popery countenanced, under Colour of Justice; and all the Mischiefs and Excesses of the Court of Star Chamber, by Act of Parliament suppressed, have been again, indirect Opposition to the said Law, introduced.

5thly, That he, the said Sir William Scroggs, for the further Accomplishing of his said traiterous and wicked Purposes, and designing to subject the Persons, as well as the Estates, of his Majesty’s Liege People, to his lawless Will and Pleasure, hath frequently refused to accept of Bail, though the same were sufficient, and legally tendered unto him by many Persons, accused before him only of such Crimes, for which, by Law, Bail ought to have been taken; and divers of the said Persons being only accused of Offences against himself; declaring, at the same time, That he refused Bail, and committed them to Gaol, only to put them to Charges; and using such furious Threats, as were to the Terror of his Majesty’s Subjects; and such scandalous Expressions, as were a Dishonour to the Government, and to the Dignity of his Office: And particularly, That he, the said Sir William Scroggs did, in the Year One Thousand Six hundred Seventy-and-nine, commit and detain in Prison, in such unlawful Manner, among others, Henri) Carr, George Broome,

Berry, Benjamin Harris, Francis senior, Francis

Smith junior, and Jane Curtis, Citizens of London: Which Proceedings of the said Sir William Scroggs are

a high Breach of the Liberty of the Subject, destructive to the fundamental Law s of this Realm, contrary to the Petition of Right, and other Statutes; and do manifestly tend to the Tntrodueing of arbitrary Power.

6thly, That he the said Sir William Scroggs, in farther Oppression of his Majesty’s Liege People, hath, since his being made Chief Justice of the said Court of King’s Bench, in an arbitrary manner, granted divers general Warrants for attaching the Persons, and seizing the Goods of his Majesty’s Subjects, not named or described particularly in the said Warrants; by means whereof, many of his Majesty’s Subjects have been vexed, their Houses entered into, and they themselves grievously oppressed, contrary to Law.

7thly, Whereas there hath been a horrid and damnable Plot, contrived and carried on by the Papists, for the Murdering of the King, the Subversion of the Laws and Government of the Kingdom, and for the Destruction of the Protestant Religion in the same; all which the said Sir William Scroggs well knew, having himself not only tried, but given Judgment, against several of the Offenders; nevertheless he, the said Sir William Scroggs did, at divers Times and Places, as well sitting in Court, as otherwise, openly defame and scandalize several of Witnesses, who had proved the said Treasons against divers of the said Conspirators, and had given Evidence against divers other Persons, who were then untried; and did endeavour to disparage their Evidence, and take off their Credit; whereby, as much as in him lay, he did traiterously and wickedly suppress and stifle the Discovery of the said Popish Plot, and encourage the Conspirators to proceed in the same, to the great and apparent Danger of his Majesty's most sacred Life, and of the well-established Government and Religion of this Realm of England.

8thly, Whereas the said Sir William Scroggs, being advanced to be Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, ought by a sober, grave, and virtuous Conversation, to have given a good Example to the King’s Liege People, and to demean himself answ'erable to the Dignity of so eminent a Station; yet the said Sir William Scroggs, on the contrary, by his frequent and notorious Excesses and Debaucheries, and his profane and atheistical Discourses, doth daily affront Almighty God, dishonour his Majesty, give Countenance and Encouragement to all Manner of Vice and Wickedness, and bring the highest Scandal on the publick Justice of the Kingdom.

All which Words, Opinions, and Actions of the said Sir William ScroggSyweveby him spokenand done traiterously, wickedly, falsly, and maliciously, to alienate the Hearts of the King’s Subjects from his Majesty, and to set a Division between him and them, and to subvert the fundamental Laws, and the established Religion and Government of this Kingdom, and to introduce Popery and an Arbitrary and Tyrannical Government; and contrary to his own Knowledge, and the known Laws of the Realm of England: And thereby he, the said Sir William Scroggs, hath not only broken his own Oath, but also, as far as in him lay, hath broken the King's Oath to his People, whereof he the said Sir William Scroggs, representing his Majesty in so high an Office of Justice, had the Custody: For which the said Commons do impeach him the said Sir William Scroggs of the High Treason against our Sovereign Lord the King, and his Crown and Dignity, and other the high Crimes and Misdemeanors aforesaid.

And the said Commons, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any other Accusation or Impeachment against the said Sir William Scroggs; and also of replying to the Answerthathe shall make thereunto; and of offering Proofs of the Premises, or of any other Impeachments or Accusations that shall be by them exhibited against him, as the Case shall, according to the Course of Parliament, require; do pray, That the said Sir William ScrChief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, may be put to answ er all and every the Premises, and may be committed tosafeCustody:

And

0=

I*

a*

u

Me;

tlfl’t

K;n

cih

32 Gar. II.

3® — 4® — 50 Januariu

6 99

And that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be upon him had and used, as is agreeable to Law and Justice, and the Course of Parliaments.

The Question being proposed, That the said Articles be ingrossed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned to Wednesday Morning next, after Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Steyning

Return

amended.

Agmondes-kum Election.

Message from the King — Exclusion Bill.

Martis, 4° die Januarii, 1680.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown, being called in, amended the Return for the Borough of Steyning in the County of Sussex, by taking off the Indenture, wherein John Tufton Esquire was returned; and by rasing out the Name of the said John Tufton, and inserting the Name of Philip Cell Esquire, in the other Indenture.

A Petition of Algernon Sydney Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Agmondesham in the County of Bucks, was read.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Sevennight.

Sir William Temple delivered in a Message from his Majesty to this House:

Which being read by Mr. Speaker, is as follow s;

They have further commanded us to acquaint this Hoghton’s House, That their Lordships have agreed to the Bill sent Marriage from this House, intituled, An Act for the rectifying seve- Settlement' ral Errors and Mistakes in the Marriage Settlement of Sir Charles Hoghton Baronet, without any Amendment.

The House, according to their Order, proceeded to Call of the the Calling over the Members thereof. How.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Starkey, Mr. Nicolas Glinne,

Mr. Edward Nosworthy junior, Mr. Samuel Rolls, Sir

Nathanael Nappier, Mr. William Glyde, Sir Thomas Har-

dresse, Mr. Edward Hales, William Lord Paston, Sir Rice Rudd, Sir Robert Henley of Andover, Sir Philip Skippon,

Mr. John Hales, Mr. Allan Bellingham, Mr. Serjeant Street, Mr. Paul Barrett, and Mr. Iici'bert Stapeley, who made Default in attending the Service of this House this Day, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And that they be not admitted to sit in the House, before they shall have paid their Fees, and have the Leave of this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That such Members

of this House, who, in this Time of imminent Danger, do absent themselves without the Leave of this House, are to be reputed Deserters of their Trust, and Neglecters of that Duty they owe to this House, and their Country.

Resolved, That this House will, on Friday Morning Message to next, at Ten of the Clock, take into their Consideration be consi-his Majesty's Message, this Day sent to this House. dered>

Plot in Ireland.

HIS Majesty received the Address of this House, with all the Disposition they could wish, to comply with -their reasonable Desires: But, upon perusing it, lie is sorry to see their Thoughts so wholly fixed upon the Bill of Exclusion, as to determine, that all other Remedies for the Suppressing of Popery will be ineffectual: His Majesty is confirmed in His Opinion against that Bill, by the Judgm£nt of the House of Lords, who rejecteil it: lie therefore thinks there remains nothing more for Him to say, in Answer to the Address of this House, but to recommend to them the Consideration of all other Means for the Preservation of the Protestant Religion; in which they have no Reason to doubt of His Concurrence, whenever they shall be presented to Him in a Parliamentary Way: And that they would consider the present State of the Kingdom, as well as the Condition of Christendom, in such a Manner as may enable him to preserve Tangier, and secure His Alliances Abroad, and the Peace and Settlement at Home.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy and Sir Miles Cooke;

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded to acquaint this House, That the Lords have passed a Vote;

" Die Martis, Januarii, 1680.

" Resolved, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and in Parliament assembled, That they do declare, That they are fully satisfied, that there now is, and, for divers Years last past, there hath been, a horrid and treasonable Plot and Conspiracy, contrived and carried on by those of the Popish Religion in Ireland, for

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to receive Plot in Ire-Inionnations touching the Popish Plot in Ireland, do sit land, at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Committees, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 5* die Januarii, 1680.

Prayers.

ABIL L to supply a defective Conveyance, made by price.g £on_ Roger Price, of the Manor of Westbury in the veyance*

County of Bucks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Trcby,

Mr. Boscawen, Sir Henry Ford, Sir WmEllis, Mr. Paul

Foley, Mr. Pilkington, Sir John Newton, Sir John Lenv-

ther, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Stroud, Mr. White, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Robert Markham, Sir John Moreton, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Colt, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Fleetwood,

Mr. Onslow, Colonel Jefferyes, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Stratford, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Bucks, O.von, and Northampton, and the several Cities and Boroughs therein, and all the Members of the Long Robe: And the Committee is to look into the several Settlements in the Bill mentioned; as also the Powers of Revocation, and intended Jointure, alleged in the Bill; and to summon before them the several Parties concerned: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That such Members, who are ordered to be Defaulters to sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns, for not at- Call of the tending the Serv ice of this House at the Call of the same House.

massacring the English, and subverting the Protestant Y esterday made, and w ho were in Town last Night, be

Religion, and the ancient established Government of that Kingdom."

To which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

Vol. IX,

admitted to sit in the House, without paying Fees.

Ordered, That Doctor Bumiett be desired to proceed Hr, Burnett’* with and complete that good "Work, by him begun, in ^eReforma-

Vriting tiou.

700

Januarii.

A. ij68o.

writing and publishing the History of the Reformation Ordered, That the Lord Cavendish do carry up the ,of the Church of England -said Articles to the Lords.

Great Mar- A Petition oiThomas Hobby Esquire, touching the 'Elec-low Election, tien for Great Marlow in the County of Bucks, was read.

Ordered, That the Merits of this Petition be heard at JBar of this House this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Committees, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

Committees

added.

Security for

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to examine the impeach-Ordered, That Sir Ft'ancis Bolls, Sir John Hotham, Sir Proceedings of the Judges in Westminster Hall, and to pre- ment of the Francis Drake, Mr. Owen, Sir William Cooper, Mr. Duke, pare Impeachments against Sir North Chief J us- Ju<^es’

Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Edward Harley, Sir Trevor Wil-tice of the Court of Common Pleas, Sir Thomas Jones liatns. Colonel Mildmay, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir John One of the Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, and Sir Knight, Sir Natha. Johnson, Mr. Hales, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Richard Weston One of the Barons of the Court of Ex-Stratford, and all the Members that serve for the City of chequer, do bring in such Impeachments with all conve-London, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for nient Speed.

Ordered, That Mr. Macnamarra, Mr. Maurice Fitzgerald, and Mr. Mortegh Downy, do attend this House

the Exportation of Beer, Ale, and Mum, was committed.

Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of Richard Thompson Clerk, in Custody of

B perif°j inl* the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was read.

F ’ Ordered, That the said Serjeant at Arms be impowered The House being informed, That one Bouyer was, Evidence to receive sufficient Security for the Forthcoming of the upon Intimation given by the Committee appointed to against mi.

said Richard Thompson, to answer to the Impeachment prepare Evidence against the Popish Lords in the Tower,

of this House against him. taken into Custody;

Ordered, That the said he delivered into the

African A Petition of Samuel Nash, and others, complaining Hands of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House:

Company. against the African Company, was read. And that he be brought to the Bar of this House To-

Onlered, That the Consideration of the said Petition morrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, in order to his

Examination.

Ordered, That Richard Green and Woodhouse do attend Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Jo#

I'tlB

be referred to the Committee to whom a former Petition of divers Merchants against the African Company was referred; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House. Ordered, That Sir John Hobart, Mr. Sir Fran

_ _ ___f__________ vj__________; Ordered, That Sir Ralph Sir John Army

cis Drake, Colonel Mildmay, Mr. Barrard; and all the Sir Francis Drake, Sir be added Accompts.

Members of the Long Kobe; and all the Members that *° ^e Committee appointed to receive the Accompts of

serve for the County of Norfolk, and Boroughs therein, the Commissioners lor disbanding the Army.

be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to receive plot in In-

resumed Informations touching the Popish Plot in Ireland, do sit land*

this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that

the said Committee do make Report to the House of

the Matters to them referred, at Nine of the Clock

Articles, Tomorrow Morning.

Sir W. The House then, according to their Order,

Scr°ggs’ Im- the adjourned Debate touching the Articles of Impeach-peachment. ment delivered in to the House against Sir William Scroggs

King’s Bench. said

Knight, Chief Justice of the Court of

The Title, and the First Part of the being read;

Ordered, That the Title be postponed.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente That the said Sir

William Scroggs be impeached upon the First Article.

The Second of the said Articles being read;

Resolved, Ncminecontradicente, That the said Sir

William Scroggs be impeached upon the said Article.

The Third of the said Articles being read;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Sir

William Scroggs be impeached upon the said Article.

The Fourth of the said Articles being read;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Sir William Scroggs be impeached upon the said Article.

The Fifth of the said Articles being read;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Sir William Scroggs be impeached upon the said Article.

The Sixth of the said Articles being read; ,

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Sir William Scroggs be impeached upon the said Article.

The Seventh of the said Articles being read;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Sir William Scroggs be impeached upon the said Article.

A

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 6° die Januarii, 1680.

Prayers.

BILL for the more easy collecting the Duty of Hearth Hearth-money, was read a Second time. Money.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate

of the House, to Sir Knight, Mr. Sir

Gilbert Gerald, Mr. Colonel Titus, Mr. Colt, Sir

Henry Mr. Fapillon, Sir Fra. Mr.

Paul Foley, Sir William Waller, Sir Henry Thompson, Sir John Brookes, Sir Trevor Lord Durslcy, Sir

Robert Cotton, Mr. Mr. Mr. White,

Mr.Slater, Sir Mr. Booth, Mr. Hopkins,

Sir George Sir John Darrell, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Nathanael

The Eighth and last of the said Articles being read; ton, Captain Sir Peter Glean, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho-Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Sir mas Lee, Mr. England, Mr. Elliot, Sir William , William Scroggs be impeached upon the said Article. Sir Cast, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Strode, Sir Ro-

The Clause of Reservation of exhibiting any further bert Carr, Mr. Mr. Harbord, Lord Clifford, Sir

rticles, and of replying to the Answer of the said Sir Thomas Thyn, Sir Rowland Sir Francis Russell,

Mr. And all the Members that come are to have

Articles.

William Scroggs, being read;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree to the said Clause.

The Title to the said Articles being again read; Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this Home doth

agree to the same.

Resolved, Netnitie contradicente, That the said Articles, Clause, and Title, thus agreed upon, be ingrossed.

34

Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repealing an Act made in the Thirteenth Corporation!, Year of his now Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Well-governing of Corporations, was read the Second time.

32Car.IL

6° — 7° J

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Trevor Williams, Mr. Colt, Colonel Birch, Sir George Hunger ford, SirWilliam Jones, Mr. Boj-cawen, Mr. Harbord, Sir Thomas Player, Lord Colraine, Sir Thomas Blunt, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Trevor, Sir Zeo-Zwe Jenkins, Mr. Pawle, Sir jRra. Wilmington, Mr. Pam/ Foley, Serjeant Seys, Mr. Hamden, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Duboys, Mr. Hord, Mr. Burdctt, Sir William Ellis, Mr. Corryton, Mr. Curranct, Lord Durslcy, Mr. Upton, Sir i?0ger Hill, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Pilkington, Mr. Papillon, Mr Slater, Sir Richard Cust, Mr. White, Mr. £w/j/w, Mr. Stokes, SirJohn Hotham, Mr. Zore, Mr. Henley, SirFrancisRussell: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber.

701

John Davyes, be adjourned to Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

DefailUr to Call^f the House,

Plot in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do respite the Issuing out any Warrant, for taking into Custody Sir Philip Skippon, who made Default in attending the House at the Call thereof, on Tuesday last.

Colonel Birch reports from the Committee appointed to receive Informations relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland, That the Committee having proceeded upon the Matters to them referred; had taken several Examinations, and received the Answer of Sir John Davyes: And had also perused several Informations transmitted from the House of Lords, relating to the said Plot: All which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read.

The House then taking into Consideration the Message sent from the Lords on Tuesday last; whereby they desire the Concurrence of this House to a Vote by them passed;

The Vote being read to the House;

And aMotion being made, for agreeing to the said Vote, with the Addition of these Words, " And that the Duke of York ’? being a Papist, and the Expectation of his coming to the Crown, hath given the greatcstCountenance and Encouragement thereto, as well as to the horrid Popish Plot in this Kingdom

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Vote, with the Addition of these Words, " And that the Duke of York's being a Papist, and the Expectation of his coming to the Crown, hath given the greatest Countenance and Encouragement thereto, as well as to the horrid Popish Plot in this Kingdom."

Resolved, That the said Vote be delivered to the Lords at a Conference.

Veneris, 7’ die Januarii, 16*80.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Trcby and Mr. Draper be Cowden’s added to the Committee to w hom the Bill for the Estate.

Sale of the Estate of Joseph Cow den, deceased, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, Committee*, be revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly appointed.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment of Sir William sir William Scroggs, Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, of High Treason, and other great Crimes and Misdemeanors, being read;

The same were carried up to the Lords ov the Lord Cavendish.

A Motion being made, That Mr. Serjeant Si1 eet. who Defaulter to made Default of attending the House at the Ca.i thereof Cull of the on Tucsday\nst, be admitted to sit in the House, without Hou^‘* paying the Serjeant his Fees;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

[Mr. Buscawen,

Mr. Butler,

Sir Francis Russell,

| Mr. Colt,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Street be admitted to his Place in the House, paying the Serjeant at Arms his Fees.

Tellers, Tellers,

1

j

for the Noes, 87. for the Yeas, 42.

Ordered, That Mr. Lukener and Colonel Strangezcaye Leave of have Leave to go into the Country for the Recovery of Absence, their Healths.

A Bill to prevent vexatious Actions was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vexatious

Actions.

A Bill to prevent Brewers to be Justices of the Peace, Brewers not

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up in the Place where they exercise that Trade, was read the to be Justices.

Ditto.

Earl of Tyrone’s Im-p*achmtut.

Reasons to be offered at the said Conference.

And it is referred to Sir William Jones, Sir Fra. Win-, nington, Sir Henry Capell, Mr. Pawle, Sir John Trevor, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Harbord, Colonel Colonel

Birch, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Hamden, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Christo.Musgrave, Lord Russell, or any Three of them, to prepare the same.

Ordered, That the several Informations of marra, Maurice Fitzgerald, and James Nash, this Day read to the House, relating to the Irish Plot, be forthwith printed.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Richard Pore Esquire, Earl of Tyrone in the Kingdom of Ireland, be impeached of High Treason.

Ordered, That the Lord Dursley do go up to the Bar of the Lords; and impeach him in the Name of this House, and all the Commons of England-, and do pray that he may be committed to safe Custody.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare the

First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the Simony of one Person from prejudicing another, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Simony.

A Bill for the better Discovery of Settlements of Estates, superstitious for superstitious Uses, was read a Second time. . requests.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Paul Foley,

Sir Robert Henley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Buscaxcen, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Fleetwood, Sir Robert Clay Ion, Sir IVII-liam Estcourt, Mr. Arnold, Sir Richard Cust, Sir Leo-

line Jenkins, Mr. Buckley, Mr. TrcMr. Harbord, Sir William Cooper, Sir William Franck/Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Henry Capell, Sir John Brookes, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lu-therell. Sir William Waller, Sir Trevor Williams, Mr.

Windham, Sir John Newton, Mr. Bock Mr.

Sir John Trevor, Mr. Thomas Foley, Mr. White, Mr.

Evidence against the Lords in the Tower do prepare the Hamden, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Leveson Sir Francis

said Impeachment.

Ordered, That Colonel Birch Committee.

Earl of

Anglesey,

Ac.

Winnington, Sir Gilbert Gerald, Mr. Duboys, Lord be added to the said don, Mr. Strode, Sir Thomas Player, Sir Thomas Meres,

Mr. John Trenchard, Sir William Ellis, Sir William Yorke, Sir Francis Rtissell, Sir Roberts, Sir George Hun-

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Mr. Mr.

Report, in relation to Arthur Earl of Anglesey, and Sir Sir Colonel Birch, Sir Calverly, Mr.

Information of teditiou* Words.

Privilege. Habeas Corpus for a person committed.

Resolutions in answer to King’s Message.

T

762 70 — 8° Jdnua 1680.

Lace, Mr. Comngsby, Mr. Thompson, Sir John Mr. Finch, Mr. Montague, Mr. Owen, and all the Members of the Long Robe: And all that- come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That one John Fancourt had lately spoken certain seditious and dangerous Words, for which he had lately been secured in the City of Lin-colne;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to receive Informations touching the Popish Plot, to examine the Matter of this Information; and to report the same, with their Opinions there in, to the House.

The House being informed, That Sir Richard Weston Knight, One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, had signed aWritof HabeasCorpus, directed to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the bringing before him Mr. Sherridan, who is in Custody of the said Serjeant at

Arms; together withjtheCause of hisTaking and Detaining;

Ot dered, That the House do take this Matter into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, the first Business.

The House then, according to their Order, entered into the Consideration of his Majesty's Message, sent to this House on Tuesday last.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this House, That there is no Security or Safety for the Protestant Religion, the King’s Life, or the well constituted and established Government of this Kingdom, without passing a Bill for disabling James Duke of York to inherit the Imperial Crown of England and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging: And to rely upon any other Means or Remedies, without such a Bill, is not only insufficient, but dangerous.

Resolved, That his Majesty, in his last Message, having assured this House of his Readiness to concur in all other Means for the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, this House doth declare, That, until a Bill be likewise passed for excluding the Duke of Yothis House cannot give any Supply to his Majesty, without Danger to his Majesty's Person, extreme Hazard of the Protestant Religion, and Unfaithfulness to those by whom this House is intrusted.

Resolved, That all Persons who advised his Majesty, in his last Message to this House, to insist upon an Opinion against the Bill for excluding the Duke of Yorke, have given pernicious Counsel to his Majesty; and are Promoters of Popery, and Enemies to the King and Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this House, That George Earl of HaUifax is One of the Persons who advised his Majesty in his last Message to this House, to insist upon an Opinion against a Bill for excluding the Duke of York: And that he therein hath given pernicious Counsel to his Majesty; and is a Promoter of Popery, and an Enemy to the King and Kingdom.

Resolved, that an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to remove Laurence Hyde Esquire, from his Majesty’s Councils and Presence, and from his Office in the Treasury, for ever.

a t

Resolved, Nemine contradiccThat an humble

Address be presented to his Majesty, to remove Henry Marquis of Worcester from his Majesty’s Presence and Councils, and all Offices and Employments of Honour and Profit, for ever.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion of this House, That/ie/iry Marquis of Worcester is One of the Persons who advised his Majesty, in hislastMessage to this House, to insist upon an Opinion against a Bill for excluding the Duke of York: That he therein hath given pernicious Counsel to his Majesty; and is a Promoter of Popery, and an Enemy to the King and Kingdom.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion of this House, That Henry Earl of Clarendon is One of the Persons w ho advised his Majesty, in his last Message to this House, to insist upon an Opinion against a Billfor excluding 22

the Duke of York: That he: therein hath given pernicious Counsel to his Majesty ;, and is a Promoter of Popery, anti an Ehemy to the King and Kingdom.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion of this House, That XezwVEarlof Feversham is a Promoter of Popery, and of the JreneAInterestand a dangerous Enemy to the King and Kingdom.

Resolved, That an humble Address be-made to his Majesty, to remove Lewis EscA of Feversham from all military Offices and Commands, and from all otherPublick Offices and Employments, and from his Majesty’sPresence for ever.

A Motion being made, for an Address to his Majesty, to remove Edward Seymour Esquire from his Majesty’s Presence and Councils;

Ordered, That the Debate concerning Mr. Seymour be adjourned to Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare an Address to his Majesty, in Answer to his Majesty’s Speech, do prepare an humble Address to his Majesty, upon the said Resolutions and Debate of the House.

Information being given to the House, by the Chairman Evidence of the Committee appointed to prepare Evidence against against iu-the Popish Lords in the Tower, That one John Marshall, P^bed who is now in Custody, can give Information touching r the Popish Plot;

Ordered, That the said John Mar shall be forthwith delivered into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his Examination before the said Committee.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That whosoever shall Resolution! hereafter lend, or cause to he lent, by way of Advance, againstLoaa Money, upon the Branches of the King’s Revenue arising by Customs, Excise, or Ilearth-money, shall be judged to House, hinder the Sitting of Parliaments; and si tall be responsible for the same in Parliament.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That whosoev er shall

accept or buy any Tally of Anticipation upon any Part of the King's Revenue; or whosoever shall pay such Tally hereafter to be struck; shall lie adjudged to hinder the Sittings of Parliaments; and shall be responsible therefore in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 8* die Jamtaru, 1680.

Peavers.

A PETITION of several Clothiers, Inn-keepers, Vic- Quartering tuallers, and others, concerning the Furnishing and Forc«-Quartering of the Eorces lately disbanded, was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee for receiving the Accompts of the Commissioners appointed to disband the said Army; to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrett, who made Default of at- Defaulter t* tending the House at the Call thereof on Tuesday last, be Call *f the admitted to sit in the House, paying the Serjeant’s Fees. Heuse.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Impeach-Sir Timothy Baldwin; ment 01

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent us to give this Mr'Seyraour' House Notice, That their Lordships have appointed this Day Sevennight for Hearing the Cause upon the Impeachment of Mr. Seymour: And that this House may reply, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaffin have I/jave to go into the Leave of Country. Absence.

Information being given to the House, by the Serjeant at API)relj«1*-Arms, That Sir John Lloyd, Sir Edward Phillips, Herbert

Herring, sconded*

Bri

i»C

Qliri

Ltc

r

Popish

Priests,

31 Car. IL 8®= — io* JanuuriL 703

Herring, Samvel Vernon, MUesBaspole, miles, and Arthur Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee of Grie- Leighton* Teamans, who, for divers great Misdemeanors by them vances, to whom the Petition of Mr. Baldwin Leighton Petition, committed against the Privilege of tins House, were or- was referred, do make Report thereof to the House on dered- to be taken in Custody of the said Serjeant, do so Monday Morning next, abscond themselves, that the said Order cannot be put

in Execution against them; Ordered, That the Matter in Question, relating to Ar- garl of

Ordered, That an humble Application be made to his thur Earl of Anglesey, and Sir John , which was Anglesey.&c

Majesty from this House, by such Members thereof as are appointed for this Day, be adjourned to Monday Mom-of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, desiring ing next, Ten of the Clock, his Majesty to issue out his Royal Proclamation for the

Apprehending the said several Persons, in case they shall Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect commitment not render themselves to the Serjeant by a certain Day the Journals of this House, and of the House of Lords, of I'eram* therein to be limited. and Precedents, to justify and maintain, That the impwebed.

Lords ought to commit Persons to safe Custody, when Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire and impeached for High Treason by the Commons in Par-examine. What Popish Priests convict aro in Newgate, liamenL

and other Gaols in this Kingdom; and to inquire into And it is referred to Sir Mr. Sir

their Conditions and Circumstances; upon the Debate Thomas Lee, Sir Mr. Colonel

of the House. Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hamden, Sir Francis

And it is referred to Mr. Conningsby, Mr. Hamden, Mr. Wimin Mr. Garway, Mr. Duboys, Mr.

Montague, Sir John Moreton, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr, Pi/- Mr. , Mr. Vaughan, Sir Thomas Player-, or any

kington. Sir William Waller, Mr. Harbord, Sir Trevor Three of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Williams, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Henry Thompson, Mr. Colt, Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Player, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Love, Mr.

Papillon, Mr. Ash, Sir Thomas Stringer, Mr. Arnold, Sir Ordered, That all Committees that are discontinued, be Committee*; Richard Cust, Mr. Strode, Mr. Evelin, and all the Mem- revived; and do sit this Afternoon in the Places formerly bers of the House that are of the Long Robe; or any Five appointed, of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered And then the House adjourned to Monday

to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Morning Eight of the Clock.

Defaulter* Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Napper and Mr. Nicolas to Call of Glynn, who made Default of attending the House at the thi House. Call thereof on Tuesday last, and have since paid their Fees, be admitted to sit in the House.

Que*n- Mr. Treby reports from the Committee of Elections and

borough Privileges, to whom the Matter touching the Election for Election. the Borough of Queenborough in the County of Kent was referred. That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon Two Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth;

Resolved, That James Herbert Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Queenborough in the County of Kent.

Resolved, That William Glanvill Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Queenborough.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine cont That this House doth agree with the Committee, That James Herbert Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Queenborough in the County , of Kent.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That William Glanvill Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Queenborough.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, amended the Return for the said Borough, by rasing out the Name of the said James Herbert, and inserting the Name of the said William Glanvill, in the Indenture.

Lunce, 10’ die Januarii, 1680.

Resolved, That whosoever advised his Majesty Resolutioni A * to prorogue this Parliament, to any other Purpose *6ain»t than in order to the Passing of a Bill' fof the Exclusion PrPro&ation* of James Duke of Yorke, is a Betrayer of the King; the

Protestant Religion, and of the Kingdom of England, a Promoter of the French Interest, and a Pensioner to France.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Samson have Leave to print Leave for his Narrative relating to the Popish Plot in Ireland. printing.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Thanks of City of this House be given to the City of London for their manifest Loyalty to the King, their Care, Charge, and Vigilancy for the Preservation of his Majesty’s Person, and of the Protestant Religion.

Ordered, That the Members that serve for the City of London do accordingly give them the Thanks of this House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That it is the Opinion BuJ-ning of of this House, That the City of London was burnt in the Lon<k>"* Year One thousand Six hundred Sixty-and-six, by the Papists; designing thereby to introduce arbitrary Power and Popery into this Kingdom.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Commis- French’ sioners of the Customs, and other Officers of the Custom- Wine*, house, have wilfully broken the Law prohibiting the Importation of French Wines, and other Commodities: And that, if they shall hereafter, wilfully, or negligently, break that Law, they shall be questioned therefore in Parliament.

Fust Office.

at

Leave of \r. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Patience Ward, Mr. Love, Sir Trevor

Williams, Sir William Walter. Sir Rowland Gzvynn, Sir Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion Duke of Thomas Meres, be added to the Committee appointed to of this House, That James Duke of Monmouth hath been Monmouth, inspect the Law made for erecting and settling the Post removed from his Offices and Commands by the'Influence Office; and to bring in a Bill or Bills for regulating the of the Duke of Yorke.

same. Ordered, That an humble Application be made to his Majesty from this House, by such Members thereof as are Ordered, That Mr. Dowly, a Member of this House, of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, to desire have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his his Majesty to restore the said James Duke of Monmouth Health. to his said Offices and Commands.

7°4 io ° Januarii.A* 1680.

Protestant Resolved, Nemine contr That it is the Opinion

Dissenters, of this House, That the Prosecution of Protestant Dissenters upon the Penal Laws is at this Time grievous to the Subject, a Weakening of the Protestant Interest, an Encouragement to Popery, and dangerous to the Peace of the Kingdom.

Message to A Message from the King, by Sir Edward Carterett, attend the Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Peers.

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, went up with the House, Parliament to attend his Majesty: Who was pleased to prorogue this P1-0^*1* present Parliament to next Thursday Sevennight, being the Twentieth Day of this Instant January.

P&rliii

JBttlS.

ad

Li£

HrJ

'b«

JOURNALS

{ 7°5 )

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Parliamentum inceptum & tentum apud Civitatem Oxon* Die Lunae, Vicesimo Primo Martii, Anno Regni Domini nostri Caroli Secundi, Dei Gratia, Angliae, Scotioe, Franciae, Sc Hiberniae Regis, Fidei Defensoris, Tricesimo Tertio, Annoque Domini 1680-1.

Parliament

meets.

o

to

attend the

Mr. Williams ch«»sen , Speaker*

N which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting of this Parliament, about Eight of the Clock in the Morning, the Right honourable John Earl of Bridgxvater, Henry Earl of Clarenden, Ro-

bert Earl of A lies bury, William Lord Maynard, and John Lord Freschivell, who were deputed by the Right

honourable James Duke of Ormond, Lord Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, to administer the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to all Persons returned as Members to sit in Parliament, came into the History School (being the Place appointed by them for that Purpose): And the Clerk of the Crown presenting a List of such Members as were returned to serve in this present Parliament; and the Clerk of the House of Commons attending, according to the Duty of his Place; the said Lords did, according to the Power to them given, administer the said Oaths to all the Members who then appeared.

And the Members who were sworn, having taken their Places in the House;

A Message from the King was delivered by Thomas Duppa Esquire, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

.The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly the House went up to attend his Majesty: Who wras pleased, after having made a Speech, to command the Commons to return to their House, and . proceed to the Choice of their Speaker.

And the House being returned from his Majesty, liam Williams Esquire, Speaker of the last Parliament, was unanimously chosen l>y the House for their Speaker in this Parliament; and conducted to the Chair by Tw o of the Members of the House; and then accepted the said Service of the House.

The House being informed, That his Majesty had appointed Tomorrow Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, for the House to present their Speaker;

The House adjourned to Two of the Clock Tomorrow in the Afternoon.

Vol. IX.

Martis,22* die Martii, 1680-1.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker having choice of taken the Chair. Speaker

A Message was delivered from the King by Thomas approved. Duppa Esquire, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty: And Mr. Speaker, in a Speech, humbly represented to his Majesty, That the House of Commons had chosen him their Speaker: And he made Claim, by humble Address to his Majesty, in the N aine of the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, of the ancient Rights of the Commons, for them and their Servants, in their Persons and Estates, to be free from Arrests, and other Disturbances; in all their Debates, to have Liberty and Freedom of Speech; and, as Occasion shall require, to have Access to his Majesty’s Royal Person.

Which were allowed by the King.

The House being returned; and Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair; and made Report thereof to the House;

The House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercimi, 23* die Martii, 1680-1.

THE House, being met, proceeded to the Taking of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and making and subscribing the Declaration directed by an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of his now Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament.

Member* talc* Oaths.

»Q

And

Member* take Oaths.

Actions for Trespass.

Double

Returns.

Grand

Committees.

Committee of Privileges.

706 2 3° — 2 40 Martiu 1681.

And Mr. Speaker, and a great Number of the Members of the House, having taken the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration;

The House adjourned to Nine of the ClocL Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 24* die M 1680-1;

THE House being met, proceeded further in the Taking of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and making and subscribing the Declaration directed fry the Act made in the Thirtieth Year of his now Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament.

And such Members, as were present, having taken the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration;

A Bill to correct vexatious Actions of Trespass was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Hickman, "LotA Brandon, Sir MichaelMr. gan, Sir John Clobery, Sir James Colonel Whit-

ley, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Freake, Sir John Bauchs, Mr. Prideaujc, Lord Castleton, Sir William Sir

liam Robarts, Mr. Evelin, Mr. Kingdon, Sir Eduard

Harley, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Mr. Strode,

Sir Cyrill Wych, Mr. Pelham, Mr Mrs Mon-

tague, Sir Henry Hobart, Sir Robert Markham, Sir John Trevor, Sir John Fagg, Sir Thomas Byde, Mr. Vernon,

Sir John Fenwick: And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Two of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Place before-mentioned; and to take into their Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the.

First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days afterr any new Return shall be brought in: And the said Committee is to have Power to send for Witnesses, Persons,

Papers, and Records, for their Information. And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

A Petition of Richard Duke, Esquire, touching the Adibiirtn* Election for the Borough of Ashburton in the County of *-ltcUu"-Devon, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

U

U’U

«U

Ifci

Ik:

Resolved, &c. That a Committee of Elections and Privileges be appointed of these Members following; r. Sir George Treby, Sir William Ellis, Mr. Paul Foley, Sir

Nicolas Carer, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Robert Carr, Mr. Slater, Mr. Upton, Sir John Hobart, Sir Trevor Williams, Sir Gilbert Gemild, Lord Russell, Sir William Sir Gervase Ekces, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir 1 Falter Young, Mr. Bennett, Sir Richard Mason, Mr. Mr.

Connisby, Sir William Waller, Sir Francis Russell, Mr. Stockdak, Mr. Palmes, Colonel Birch, Sir Henry Capell, Colonel Rolls, Mr Boscawcn, Mr. Doctor

Mr. Hamden, Sir George SSir John Moreton, Mr. Woolrich, Mr. Flues, Mr. Ilonniwood, Mr. Thomas

Foley, Sir William Franck/in, Mr. Gower, Mr.

Johnson, Sir John Holman, Sir How, Mr. England, Mr. Love, Sir Thomas Lee, Sit Robert Atkins, lonel Mildmay, S\t Samuel BernardMr. Reyncll, Sir

John Hot ham, Mr. Wharton, Sir William Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. PilkiSir Philip

Lord Fairfax, Mr. Garraay, Mr. John Grey, Sir Winnington, Sir John Mullett, Sir Matthew Andrews, Sir

Wm. Gulston, Mr. Wright, Mr. Edward Boscawcn, Mr. William Trenchard, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. Aubery, Sir Henry Calvcrly, Mr. White, Mr Sir Thomas

Player, Mr. Swinfen, Mr. Pmvle, Mr. Mr. Pa-

pillon, Mr. Barker, Sir William Portman Mr. Hopkins, Sir Robert Dillington, Sir Ralph Dutton, Lord Herbert, Mr. Thompson, Sir John Hen ley, Sir Lord

Annesley, Mr. Nathan Knight, Sir Sit Henry

Beamont, Sir John Lcwther, Mr Mr. Brox-

holme, Mr. Whorwood, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Turgis, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Stokes, Sir William Jones, Sir John Downey, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Ayliffe, Mr. George Pelham, Mr. Fleet-wood, Mr. Harbord, Sir Thomas Aleeres, Colonel Sir EliabHarvey, Sir Christo. Musgrave, Six William

19

A Petition of Sir Robert Atkins, Knight of the Bath, Brinoll and Sir John Knight, and others, Burgesses and Free- E!ecllun‘ holders of the City of Bristoll, touching the Election for the said City, was read.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House on next J/w/r/Wj/-sevcnnight.

A Petition of Richard Middleton Esquire, touching the Penlrgli Election for the County of Denbigh, was read. Election,

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard at the Bar of this House on next Wednesday-$e\znnv£\t. ‘

A Petition of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Bo- Somhwirke. rough of Soutliwarke in the County of Surrey, touching l-kcuoh. the Election for the said Borough, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Richard Stephens, touching the Elec- Portsmouth tien for the Borough of Portsmouth in the County of I Southampton, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; t

to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Peter Tyrrell Baronet, and Charles Buckinqlv.ui Blount Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Election. Buckingham in the County of Buckingham, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition.

T-t

Lu

U:

r

it

Ej

IT,

3 3 Car. II. 24° MarUi.

707

K\«»n

LLclion.

llasleiuere

Lleeuon.

Mitchell Elec liutu

Andover

Lkcuoiu

A Petition of the Citizens and Freemen of the City of Exon, touching the Election for that City, was read.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of the House on next A/mu/ay-three-weeks.

A Petition of Denzill Onslow and Francis Esquires, touching the Election for the Borough of merein the County of Surrey, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Humphry Burlace and Nicolas Esquires, touching the Election for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of Cornwall, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Francis Pawlctt Esquire, and Sir Robert Henley Knight, touching the Election for the Borough of Andover in the County of Southampton, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Duncomb, and George JValsh Eye Election Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Eye in the County of Suff olk, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Harris Esquire, touching the Worcester Election for the City of Worcester, was read. Election.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the Debate, on -

fortnight.

A Petition of Samuel Rolls and James Vernon Esquires, Conl7n touching the Election for the Borough of in the Elecll0"*

County of Cornwall, w as read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Trevor Knight, touching the Montgomery Election for the Shire Town of Montgomery, was read. Election.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

I-

U.

u

L

Agmonde-

alunu

Kicttion.

Devices

flection.

T amworth ELectioiu

Lcichfkld

Election.

Christ

Church

Klection.

A Petition of Sir Roger H Knight, touching the Election for the Borough of Agmo in the County of Bucks; and a Petition of Algernon Sidney Esquire, touching the same Election; were read.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Eduard Hungerford and John Eyles Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Devizes in the County of Wilts, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Turton Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Tamxcorth in the County of IVam ick, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of George Rodney Bridges Esquire, touching the Election for the City of Leichfield, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Hooper Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Christ Church in the County of Southampton, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of tire Committee of Elections and Privileges) to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Neale and John Garrard Esquires, Ludgarstll touching the Election for the Borough of Ludgarscll in Election, the County of Wilts; and a Petition of Sir John Talbott Knight, and John Smith Esquire, touching the Election for the same Borough; were read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir William Slroude and John Speake ilcester Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Ilcester Election, in the County of Somersctt, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Robert Ilcnlcy Baronet, touching the Bridport Election for the Borough of Bridpoin the County of Election. Dorsett, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges;

o /

to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Robert Allcins Knight of the Bath, Bristol!

Sir John Knight, and other Burgesses and Freeholders Election, of the City of Bristoll, touching the Election for the said

City, was read.

Ordered, That the Matter of this Petition be heard at the Bar of this House on next Msevennight.

A Petition of Richard Midleton Esquire, touching the Denbigh

Election for the County of Denbigh, was read. E'eni m,

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House on next Wednesday-s,cvea-night.

Westlowe

Klection.

A Petition of Humphry Courtney and Thomas Kendall Esquires, touching the Election for the Borough of Westlowe, in the County of Cornwall, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Vol. IX,

William Lcveson Gore, being elected and returned to Newcastle serve in this present Parliament as one of the Knights of Writ, the Shire for the County of Salop, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Newcastle under Line in the County of Stafford, made his Election to serve for the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to moke out a new Writ, for

tha

Printing th* Votes.

Mr. Speaker thanked.

Protestant

Dissenters,

Protestant

Re I.* ion

and Kmil's _ ©

Person.

Stockbridge

Election.

Earl of Dandy's Impeach* ment.

Sir W.

Scro^gs' Impeachment.

Banbury

Election.

Mai bo rough Election.

708 2 40 — 25° Martii. A. 1681.

the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Nerocastle under in the room of the said William Leveso Gore.

Resolved, That the Votes and Proceedings of this House be printed: And that the Care of the Printing thereof, and the Appointment of the Printers, be committed to Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Speaker, for the Speech by him made in the House of Lords, upon his being presented to his Majesty: And that he be desired to print the same.

The House taking notice, That a Bill, which passed both Houses the last Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Repeal of a Statute made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabethwas not presented to his Majesty, (as the rest of the Bills were), for his Royal Assent;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration, By what means the said Bill miscarried.

Resolved, Nemine cortradicalte, That this House will, on Saturday next, at Ten of the Clock, consider of Means for the Security of the Protestant Religion, and for the Safety of the King's Person.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 25* die 1G81.

A PETITION of Henry Whitehead Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Stock in the County of Southampton, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamden, Sir William Jones, Mr. Ilarbord, Sir Gilbert Gerrald, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir William Pulincy, Mr. Arnold, Sir Eli ah Harvey, Sir John Harley, Sir Fra. Winnington, Sir Christ. Sir

Joseph Ash, Mr. Duboys, Sir Roberts, Mr. St.

John, Mr. Stokes, Sir William Port man, Mr. or any Three of them, do inspect the Journals of the late Parliaments, relating to the Impeachment of the Earl of Danby; and do immediately make a Report thereof to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Timothy and Sir Edu ard Loe:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you the Answer of Sir William ScroggsKnight, Chief Justice of his Majesty’s

Court of King's Bench, to the Articles of Impeachment, exhibited against him by the Commons in the late Parliament assembled, as also a Petition from him to the Lords.

A Petition of Thomas Wise Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Banbury in the County of O.ron, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the Borough of borough in the County of Wilts, touching the Election for the said Borough, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con -sideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges;

to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Litleton Baronet, and Thomas Trm. Cooke Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Election Truro in the County of Cornwall, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Court of take away the Court holden before the President and Marches. Council in the Marches of Wales.

It being represented to this House by several Mem- Memberi bers, That many Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, have elected with, freely, without Charge, elected many of the Members in out charge, this present Parliament, according to the ancient Constitution of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; wherefore this House doth give their Thanks to such Counties, Cities, and Boroughs, for the said Elections.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider p]ace 0{ of a more convenient Place in Oxford, for the Sitting of Sitting. the Commons in Parliament now assembled; and to make Report thereof to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Howard, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr, Kingdon, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Whorwood, Sir

John Carezv, Sir Gilbert Gerrald, Mr. Sir

James Rushout, Mr. Barker, Mr. Aylijj'e, Mr. Thompson,

Sir William Roberts, Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Blag rare, Colonel Birch, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Siroudc,

Colonel Whitley, Mr. F/eetnood, Mr. and all

the Members that serve for the University and City of Oxford; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House then, according to their Order, took into ProtestMt Consideration the Matter relating to the Bill which passed Dissent*^ both Houses last Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Repeal of a Statute made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth; but was not tendered to his Majesty for his Royal Assent.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, Confrrem* desiring a Conference with their Lordships in Matters desired, relating to the Constitution of Parliaments in Passing of

_ O D

Bills.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of and prepare the Subject Matter to be offered at the said Conference.

And it is referred to Sir William Jones, Sir Thomas Lee,

Mr. Powle, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Hampden, Sir Clayton, Sir Eliah Harvey, Colonel Birch, Mr.

Sir Thomas Meres, Sir William Coventry, Mr.

Serjeant Rigby, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Love, Mr.

Sir Humphry Winch, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Broxholme, Sir John Hot ham, Mr. Paul Foley, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Dutton Colt, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Sir

Thomas Player, Mr. Duboice, Sir William Sir

John Hew ley, Sir Edward Deeritig, Lord Colonel

7'ilus, Sir Francis Drake, or any Five of them, to prepare

and draw up the same.

menu

Mr. Hamden reports, the Proceedings of the late Par- Eul of liament relating to the Impeachment of the Commons of Danby* England against Thomas Earl of Danby. Impeach*

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to mind their Lordships, That the Commons in Parliament assembled have formerly, by their Speaker, demanded Judgment at the Bar of the Lords House, upon the Impeachment of the Commons against Earl of

Danby of High Treason; and to desire their Lordships to appoint a Day to give Judgment against the said Thomas Earl of Danby, upon the said Impeachment: And that the Lord Cavendish do go up with the said Message.

Sir

P'T-‘

fi'-'j

33 Car. II. 2 50 Mar til.

709

Popish Plot; Fitzharris*

Lx am ination.

Sir George Treby acquaints the House, That he, together with Sir Robert Clayton, had taken the Examination of Edward Fitzharris, relating to the Popish Plot: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, is as followeth;

The Examination of Edward Fitzharris, relating to the Popish Plot.

WHO snith, That he was born in Ireland, and is the Son of Sir Edward Fitzharris; and that he was bred, and is, a Roman Catholick: That, in One thousand Six hundred Sixty-two, he went first out of Ireland; and then went into France, to learn the Language, as an Accomplishment, being then of the Age of Fourteen Years. In One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-five he returned thence, through England, into Ireland; where he continued till about One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-eight, when he went to Prague, in order to serve the Emperor in his Warm Hungary; but, there then finding a Peace concluded, he came by the Way of Flanders, into England.

And then Sir George Hamilton being about raising a Regiment of Fifteen hundred Foot in Ireland, for the French King’s Service, tins Examinant obtained from Sir George Hamilton a Commission to be Captain of one of the Companies in that Regiment to be raised; whereupon he went into Ireland, raised the Company, anil conducted them into France; and, soon alter his Landing the re, he was reformed, and discharged of his said Coni mand: whereupon he went to Paris; and, having but little Money, he lived there, difficultly, about a Year.

In One thousand Six hundred Seventy-two, going about to take his Leave of Father Gough, an English Priest at Paris, he saith to this Purpose: " You are going for England: Within these Two or Three Years you will see the Catholick Religion established there, as it is in France" The Examinant asking him how that could be, since the King was a Protestant; he answered, " If the King wrould not comply, there was Orders taken, and Things so laid, that he Should betaken oft', or killed: That the Duke of York was a Catholick; and, in his Reign, there would be no Difficulty of doing it." This Examinant then asking him, How long the Duke had been a Catholick; he answered, " That the Queen Mother had made him so." He further said, " That the Declaration of Indulgence was in order to that, and of introducing the

o 7 o

Catholick Religion in England: And that, to the same End, the War was made against Holland; for that Hoi-land w as a Nest of Hereticks; and, if they were destroyed, the Work would be easily done in England; because the English, or English Protestants, lie said, would then have no Assistance from abroad:" And he said,

" That Madam came over to Dover about this Design."

The Examinant coming over about the End of October One thousand Six hundred Seventy-two, about February following, had a Commission to be Lieutenant of Captain Sydenham s Company, in the Duke of Albemarle's Regiment, which was then raised, being One of the Regiments in the Army, which wras the Summer following mustered at Bluchheath: And he says, He kuew many of the Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Officers of that Army, to be Roman Catholicks.

That afterwards, the Act passing to disable Roman Catholicks to bear Office, he and others of them w ere forced to quit their Commands: And says, That the Common Intelligence and Opinion among them was, That that Army w as raised with a Design to bring in and settle the Reman Catholick Religion in England; for which End the Invasion of Holland, and the Awing of the City of London, were fit Means.

Put the Measures that were thus taken being broken by means of the Peace* and by the Duke of York's, as w ell as these, and other Officers, quitting all Commands; and the King failing in the Expectations they had from him; the Roman Catholicks, that were engaged in this Coun-VoL. IX. 6

cil* came to a Resolution to destroy the King, as Father Parrey, Confessor to Don Francisco dc JlJe/o, the Portu- guese Ambassador, told this Examinant in One thousand Six hundred Seventy-three; end, if all other Means failed, the Queen w ould procure the Doing of it.

And he says, That this Father used this Confidence towards him, because he was well acquainted with hftn, and used to confess to him: And tins Father repeated the same Discourse to him in Summer One thousand Six hundred Seventy eight, with more Assurance; adding then u That the Business w as nowr near, and lie Should soon see it done."

About April Owe thousand Six hundred Seventy-nine, Marquis Monteeuculy, Envoy from the Duke of Modena, after having sworn him to Secrecy, told him, That if he would undertake the killing the King, either in his own Person, or by any other, that he Should have Ten thousand Pounds: Which he refusing, the Marquis said, " If you will not, the Duchess of Mazareene understands poisoning as well as her Sister; and a little Phial, when the King comes there, will do it."

And this Examinant had a great Acquaintance with the said Marquis, having first met him several times at the Duchess of Yorkcs Chapel; and afterwards lett him a House, and sold him the Furniture therein; and has very often eaten, drank, and walked with him: And the Marquis at the same time told him, That, upon killing the King, the Army in Flanders, and Parts adjacent to France, was to come over into England to destroy the Protestant Party; and that Money was levying in Italy, to recruit and supply Forces, in the Place of those that Should so come over into England:

And that, after that Time, there Should be no more Parliaments in England: And that the Duke of York was privy to all these Designs.

That, about April One thousand Six hundred and Eighty, he met Kelly the Priest; who there, in Discourse with him, owned, That he was One of the Persons concerned in the Murder of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey; and that the same was done much in the 9ame Manner as Prance had related it.

This Examinant hath known Kelly about Twelve Years; in Part of which Time he has had intimate Conversation with him, and hath sometimes confessed to him.

That he hath been acquainted Six or Seven Years with Monsieur De Pay, a Servant to the Duke of Yorke: And that, soon after the Murder of Sir Edmundbury Godfrey, this De Puy told this Examinant, That that Murder was consulted at Windsor.

And, about the same time, said, That the Duke wras very desirous to come to the Crown; for that the King w as uncertain, and did not keep Touch with them; And that De Puy said, There was a Necessity of taking off the King; and that it would soon be done.

That the Duke of York having an Estate in Ireland; a Part of which w as this Examinant’s Father’s; and this Examinant, being acquainted with Father Bedin/ield, asked him, How he could give Absolution to the Duke, till he had made Restitution. The Father said, " lhat every Penitent was supposed to know his own Sins, and to make them known to his Confessor." To which this Examinant replying with some Warmth, " But, since you know it, you ought to take notice there of the Father answered, " Be not angry; for ere it be long, you may be in a better Condition."

March One thousand Six hundred Seventy-nine Eighty, he went to Paris, to compound a Debt he owed there, staying the re about Eight Days: Where meeting Father Patrick, who well knew this Examinant’s Fattier and Friends; and this Examinant talking of a Rupture that might be between England and France; he said, " The French intended, in such Case, to send Marshal Bellsonds into Ireland with an Army of Ten thousand Foot, and Two thousand Horse, with Arms and Ammunition for Thirty thousand Men more, to be raised in Ireland

8 R And

Fitzharris

impeached.

Popish Plot.

Place for sitting.

Address.

Conference desired on parsing Bills.

71 o 2 5° — 46°

And the Father promised this Examinant a Regiment of the Men so to be raised and armed in Ireland: And the Design was, to restore that Kingdom to its former Owners, subject to the French.

He also desired him to send all the Libels that came out in London: And said, " That libelling the King and the Government, was a Thing necessary to be done, in order to distaste the King, and make him afraid and jealous of his People."

That he knew Mr. Everard at Paris in One thousand Six hundred Sixty-five; and hath since continued and increased his Acquaintance with him; That the Opinion of Father Patrick was an Encouragement to him to correspond and concur with Mr. as to the Libel

lately written by Mr. Everard.

Capt* 10° Martii,

1681, coram

Fob. Clayton,

Geo.

Ordered, That the said Examination be forthwith printed.

Resolved, That the said Edward be im-

peached of High Treason, in the Name of all the Commons of England: And that Mr. Secretary Jenkins do. Tomorrow Morning, go up, and impeach him at the Ear of the Lords House.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir Francis Mr. Pori'le, Mr. Hamden, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Faughan, Sir Francis Russell, Sir Etiab Harvey, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Papillon, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. icood. Colonel Birch, Mr. Thompson, Colonel Mildmay, Dn d Russell, Sir William Jones, Sir Thomas Sir

Thomas Lee, Mr. Ilarbord, Mr. Colt, Mr. Foley, Mr. John Trenchard, Sir Thomas Player, Mr. Mr.

Barker, Sir John Erie, Sir Sir Gilbert

Gerald, Mr. Thu. Foley, or any Five of them, to draw up and prepare Articles of Impeachment against the said Edward Fitzharris.

Ordered, That Sir George Treby do, Tomorrow Morning, give the House an Account of the Information given by Mr. Sergeant, relating to the Popish Plot.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 26° die Martii, 1681.

SI R Robert Howard reports from the Committee appointed to consider of a more convenient Place in Oxford for this House to sit in, That the Theatre was the most convenient Place they could find for that Purpose.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty from this House, by such Members thereof as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, humbly representing to his Majesty the Inconvenience of the Place where the Commons now sit in Parliament: And that the House having, by a Report from a Committee appointed to consider of a more convenient Place for their Sitting, been informed, That the Theatre in Oxford is a more convenient Place for their Sitting: wherefore the

o 7

Commons humbly beseech his Majesty to command the Theatre may be fitted and prepared for their Sitting the re.

Sir 7/7/Ham Jones reports from the Committee appointed to prepare the Subject Matter of the Conference desired to be had with the Lords, in Matters relating to the Constitution of Parliament in passing Bills, the Matter agreed upon by the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lord Durslcy do immediately go up to the Lords, to desire such Conference.

.Sir John Fagg, being returned a Knight for the Shire

17

Martii. A. 1681*

to serve for the County of Sussex, end likewise a Burgess String for the Borough of Steyning in the said Cotmty, made " "

his Election to serve for the said County:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Steyning, in the room of the said Sir John Fagg.

A Petition of the Citizens and Inhabitants of the Bo- New Sana* rough of A TexoSarum, touching the Election for that Elec"wt City, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sir George Treby reports several Examinations taken Popish Plot, from Mr. John Sergeant and David relating to

the Popish Plot: Which he read in his Place; and alter* wards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follows;

The Information of John Sergeant relating to the-Popish Plot.

BEING in Company with an English Gentlewoman in Flanders, w ho is a Roman Catholick, about the Latter end of August 1679; and the Name of Mr. Gave One of the Five Jesuits who suffered that Summer, coming into Discourse; she began to express, with some Horror, the Scandal she had received from a w icked Piece of Doctrine he maintained in her Hearing, which was, " That the Queen might lawfully kill the King, for violating her BedAnd that when she set herself to oppose it, as a most unchristian Doctrine, and tending to destroy Soul and Body both; and alleged, That therefore it was better to suffer it patiently for God’s sake; he, with much Vehe-mency and Earnestness, stood to it, " That she might not only law fully do it, but was bound to it; and that, if she did not, she was guilty of his greater Damnation in letting him continue so long in Sin." This is the Substance of what she related; and, as near as I can remember the Words, the Gentlewoman’s Surname her Christian Name, as I remember, Mary.

It pleased his most Sacred Majesty, to whom (as my Duty bound me) I had writ it before, when I appeared before his most honourable Privy Council, the last Day of October following, to ask me, What were my present Thoughts of the Truth of that Religion, at the Time that I heard it: ..... all Circumstances weighed: That I did incline very much to believe it: For which Rashness and Uncharitabicness of mine (as some interpret it), in entertaining that Sentiment so easily upon the Testimony of one single Person, great Noise has been made against me, as if Passion had biassed me to that Persuasion: Wherefore, to clear my Ingenuity and Sincerity, in this Point, to his Majesty and his Council, (of whose good Opinions only I am solicitous), I humbly offer here the Reasons which moved me to think thus: They are these;

I had particular Reason to judge, That this Person was, at this time that I knew her (and she related this very scrupulously), conscientious, and a good Woman: And I conceived, her present Disposition was most (and indeed only) to be considered in that present Relation; nor had I ever heard any Harm of her former Life. She seemed particularly conscientious in making this Relation, lilting up her Hands and Eyes to Heaven, with these Words,

" God knows my Heart; I would not say it to gain the whole world, if it w ere not true."

I had never heard, nor could then discern, that she had the least Pique against Mr. Gaveris Order: She spoke it voluntarily, none inciting or moving her to it.

The Manner in which she delivered it, seemed very candid and unaffected, and it came out naturally and occasionally; nor did it at alliook like a premeditated or sought Thing.* She spoke it out of her Sense of the Scandal she

received

3 3 CaA. It

received by it; which seemed a Motive well becoming a good Christian, and so an Argument of her Sincerity.

She told the same Story the Second time to another Person, myself present, at leastthe Substance of it: She never recommended it as a Secret, either to him or me; whereas one, who forges, would be apt to desire the Concealment of the false Story they relate; lest, by discovering it, it may come to be confuted, and themselves ashamed; which she had the more Reason to fear, because the Thing related was of so high a Consequence: She named Time, Place, and Persons present; which exposed her to an easy Confute, if it were not true.

The Tenor, also, of the Discourse seemed to render it credible; her Objection being such, as was likely to come from a good, well-meaning Person, of her Pitch; and his Reply abetting it, very like a Man wilfully bent to maintain an absurd Position (as is the manner of Passion and Heat) with advancing another more absurd.

Now, as these Considerations inclined me strongly to think her sincere, so it seemed to me, she could not be mistaken in the Sense of his Discourse, or misunderstand him; the Doctrine being about a Matter of Fact of the highest Concern in the World; and the Words, which are apt to express it, not being artificial or speculative, but natural and common Language: Besides, her Contest with him about it must needs have cleared his Meaning.

These are the Reasons, Why I apprehend that Relation to be true; which yet I produce not here to charge Mr. Craven, but to discharge iny own Credit and Conscience; and to give Your Majesty and Your Council the best Light I am able to judge of that Business. In Testimony of what is above, I subscribe my Name*

February the nth, 1679*

John Sergeant The Information of David Morris*

I underwritten do hereby, upon Oath, attest, That being last August at Brussels, and going to see an old Acquaintance, 1 found Mr. Sergeant there, little thinking to see him so near the Internuntio: He told me, There was a Gentlewoman, who said, That Mr. Gaven maintained it was lawful for the Queen to kill the King, for violating her Bed: Which I hardly believing, he brought me upstairs, where she was; where I heard it with my own Ears. After some Discourse concerning the Wickedness of such Doctrines, I asked her, When this happened: She answered, as I remember, In Covent Garden, at the Brother-in-law’s of Mr* Gaven; and named the Persons, that were present; whom I knew not, nor did I think further of it, more than to admire the Indiscretion of his descending to such Particulars, and her Actings; his Heat to maintain his Paradox, when she opposed him: The rest I knew to be agreeable to their Principles; having bought Escobar some Years since, on purpose to see whether the Provincial Letters misrepresented them, or not; where 1 found it lawful to kill a Man that calumniated a religious Order: And I am sure, that what makes lawful for a Jesuit to kill a Man that wrongs his Order, makes also lawful for a Wife to kill her Husband, if he wrongs her Bed.

My going to Brussels w as, to see what became of the Benevolence sent by the Pope to those Countries for refuged English Catholicks; and found, Who vowinnnediate Obedience to the Pope, to be the Distributors; and who swore no Allegiance but to their King, to be debarred such publick Favours: For the English Jesuit, Procurator there, told a worthy Clergy Priest, there was nothing for Him; meaning, Such as he: Of which I know no Reason, unless it be, That the Clergy would never admit of any extraordinary Authority from Borne; unanimously agree, never to receive any Bulls, or other Orders from Borne, without the King’s Licence, and Permission of the State; and ever opposed the Deposing Power; Duties which anciently belonged to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and ought still to be observed by us: Which Sufferings of Vol. IX.

7*

theirs, for so good a Cause, is humbly submitted to Your Majesty’s gracious Consideration;

Devoid Morris.

Feb. 11, 1C80.

Ordered, That the said Informations be forthwith printed.

The House having taken into solemn Debate and Con" Excluding sideration the A leans for the Security of the Protestant ^uke of Religion, and for Safety of the King’s Person; do Torie from Resolve, That a Bill be brought in, to exclude Janies rown' Duke of Yorke, and all Popish Successors, from inheriting

the Imperial Crowns of England and , and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare and draw up the said Bill.

And it is referred to Sir William Jones, Lord Russell,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. George, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Thomas Meres, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Bus-cawen, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Rennet, Colonel Sir

Francis Russell, Sir Fra. Winnington, Sir Philip Mr. Duboice, Sir Joseph Ash, Mr. Sir Gilbert

Gerrald, Sir William Cooper, Sir William , Air.

Barkei', Sir William Poultncy, Sir Arthur Harris, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Wharton, Lord Ailing ton,

Sir Thomas Armstrong, Mr. BlagraAir. Rolls, Sir George Treby, Mr. Booth, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Thomas

Lee, Mr. Knight, or any Five of them, to prepare and draw up the same.

And then the House adjourned to Five of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Sabbati, 26* die Martii, 1681.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being informed, That the Lords had Lor(js refuse refused to proceed upon the Impeachment of the Com- to receive mons against Edward Filzharris', and had directed, Fi'zburris' That he Should be proceeded against at the Common

Law;

.And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That it is the undoubted Right of the Com- Resolution mons in Parliament assembled, to impeach, before the thereon. Lords in Parliament, any Peer or Commoner for Treason, or any other Crime or Misdemeanor: And that the Refusal of the Lords to proceed in Parliament upon such Impeachment is a Denial of Justice, and a Violation of the Constitution of Parliaments.

Resolved, That in the Case of Edward Filzharris, who by the Commons, had been impeached for High Treason before the Lords, with a Declaration, that in conveni- — ent time they would bring up the Articles against him; for the Lords to resolve, That the said Edward Filzharris Should be proceeded with according to the Course of Common Law, and not by Way of Impeachment in Parliament, at this time; is a Denial of Justice, and a Violation of the Constitution of Parliaments, and an Ob" struction to the further Discovery of the Popish Plot, and of great Danger to his Majesty’s Person, and the Protestant Religion,

Resolved, That for any inferior Court to proceed against Edward Filzharris, or any other Person, lying under an Impeachment in Parliament for the same Crimes for which he or they stand impeached, is a high Breach of the Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills he brought in, for the bet* p,ot(^tant ter Uniting of all his Majesty’s Protestant Subjects. D,s>.enters.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for banishing the Banishing most considerable Papists of England out of his Majesty's Papists. Dominions, by their Names.

And

26° Ma*

a8° Martii . 1681.

And then the House adjourned to Monday Morning next, Eight of the Clock.

Luna,28* die , 1681.

Somersett A PETITION of Sir John touching the

Election. JLx. Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Somersett.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

leges; to examine the Matter thereof; and toreportthe same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That every Knight of the Shire do pay Ten Officers of Shillings, and every Citizen and Burgess Five Shillings, die Houss. to be distributed amongst the Officers attending the House.

A Bill for excluding James Duke of Yorke to inherit Excluding the Imperial Crown of England, and the Dominions and Duke of Territories thereunto belonging..... ^hor*e from

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time r°'v"‘ Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, in a full House.

' for Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant

4C. esse*’ for sending for Persons, Papers, and Records, in such Elections as are appointed to be heard at the Bar of the House.

Election.

A Petition of Edward Nosw Esquire, touching the Election for Leskeard, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privi-

A Message from his Majesty, by Edward Message to

Esquire, Deputy Gentleman Usher of tire Black llotl; attend the Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Parliament up to attend his Majesty: Where his Majesty was pleased dissolved, to dissolve this present Parliament.

JOURNALS

b;

Parliament

meets.

Message to attend the King,

Sir J.lYevor

chosen

Speaker,

i4 tn^rr^n f m in r

iV faaa

JOURNALS

OF T H E

t

HOUSE of C O M M O N S.

Farliamentum inchoat* & tent* apud Civitatem Westmonaster’, Die Martis, 19° Maii, Anno Regiii Domini nostri Jacobi IP, Dei GratiaAngliae, Scotiee, Francise* & Hibernian, Regis, Fidei Dfcfensoris, &c. Primo, Annoque Domini 1685.

ON which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting of this Parliament, about Seven of the Clock in the Morning; the Right Noble James Duke of Ormond, Lord High Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, came into the Inner Court of Wards: And there, the Clerk of the Crown presenting a List of such Members as were returned to sit in this present Parliament; and the Clerk of the House Of Commons attending, according to the Duty of his Place; his Grace administered the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to several Members of the House of Commons; who were afterwards deputed by his Grace to administer the said Oaths to all Persons returned as Members to sit in Parliament.

And a great Number of the Members being sworn; and having taken their Places in the House;

A Message from his Majesty was delivered by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly the House went up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

The Right honourable Charles Karl of One

of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been pleased to direct them forthwith to proceed to the Choice of a Speaker: And his Lordship proposing to the House, That Sir John Trevor Knight, by reason of his great Integrity, Knowledge of the Laws of the Land, and of the Rules and Orders of this House, was therefore, in his Lordship’s Judgment, a Person highly deserving, and fitly qualified for such a Trust;

The House unanimously chose the said Sir John Trevor for their Speaker.

And he being not permitted to excuse himself; and being conducted to the Chair, by the said Earl of Midleton, Vo L. IX.

and the honourable Henry Esquire, Vicecham-berlain to his Majesty, Two of the Members of the House; he humbly desired Leave to disable himself at the Royal Throne.

And the Lord Midleton informing the Hotase, That his Majesty had appointed Four of the Clock this Afternoon, for presenting their Speaker;

The House adjourned to Four of the Clodc in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met;

A Message from the King Was delivered by Sir Thomas Message to Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; attend the

Gentlemen of the Hohse of Commons, Kmfr

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, Choice of went up to attend his Majesty: And humbly represented Speaker to his Majesty, That the House of Commons had chosen aPProved* him their Speaker: And he made Claim by humble Petition, in the Name of the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, of the ancient Rights of the Commons, for them, and their Servants, in their Persons and Estates, to be free from Arrests, and other Disturbances^; in all their Debates to have Freedom and Liberty of Speech; and, as Occasion shall require, to have Access to his Majesty’s Royal Person.

Which was allowed by the King.

The House being returned; and Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair, and made a gratulatory Speech to the House;

An Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Members late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the tak* Oaths, more effectual preserving the King’s Person and Govem-8 S ment,

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Message to attend the King.

The King’s Speech reported.

714 19" — 20° — 2i° — aa° A. 1685.

ment, by disabling Papists to sit in either House of Parliament, was read, in order to the Taking of the Oaths, and subscribing the Declaration therein mentioned.

And the Time of the Day for doing thereof being elapsed;

The House, upon a Question put,

Adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 20* die Mali, 1685. 1* Jac. IT'.

Praters.

THE House being sat; Mr. Speaker, at the Chair, and after him a great Number of the Members of the House, did, at the Clerk’s Table, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; and made and subscribed the Declaration contained in an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King’s Person and Government, by disabling Papists to sit in either House of Parliament

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jovis, 21° die Maii1685. 1* IP'.

Prayers.

THE House being sat; the Members there present who had not already taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and made and subscribed the Declaration contained in the Act, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King’s Person and Government by disabling Papists to sit in either House of Parliament proceeded in taking the said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Declaration.

And then the House adjourned to Ten of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 22° die Maii, 1685. P Jac. IP . Prat ers.

AMES SAGE from the King was delivered by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black

Rod;

Mr Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That, having attended his Majesty in the House of Peers, his Majesty was pleased to make a Speech to both Houses: And that, to prevent Mistakes, Mr. Speaker had obtained a Copy thereof; Which, being by him read to the House, is as follows; vis.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

AFTER it pleased Almighty God to take to his Mercy the late King, My dearest Brother; and to bring Me to the peaceable Possession of the Throne of My Ancestors; I immediately resolved to call a Parliament, as the best Means to settle every thing upon those Foundations that may make My Reign both easy and happy to you: Towards which I am disposed to contribute all that is fit for Me to do. What I said to My Privy Council at My first coming the re, I am desiroas to renew to you; wherein I fully declare My Opinion concerning the Principles of the Church of England, whose Members have shewed themselves so eminently loyal in the worst of Times, in Defence of My Father, and Support of My Brother, of Blessed Memory; that I will always take care to defend

and support it: I will make it My Endeavour to preserve this Government, both in Church and State, as it is now by Law established. And, as I will never depart from the just Rights and Prerogative of the Crown, so I will never invade any Man’s Property: And you may be sure, that, having hitherto ventured my Life in the Defence of this Nation, I shall still go as far as any Man, in preserving it in all its just Rights and Liberties.

And, having given you this Assurance concerning the Care I will have of your Religion and Property, which I have chosen to do in the same Words I used at My first coming Ur the Crown, the better to Evidence to you, that 1 spoke them not by Chance, and consequently that you may the more firmly rely on a Promise so solemnly made;

I cannot doubt, that I shall fail of suitable Returns from you, with all imaginable Duty and Kindness on your Part; and particularly in what relates to the Settling of My' Revenue,1 and continuing it during My Life, as it was in the Time of the King my Brother.

I might use many Arguments to enforce this Demand, from the Benefit of Trade, the Support of the Navy, the

Necessity of the Crown, and the Well-being of the Government itself, which I must not suffer to be precarious:

But I am confident, your own Consideration of what is just and reasonable will suggest to you whatever might be inlarged upon this Occasion. There is one popular Argument, which I foresee may be used against what I ask of you, from the Inclination Men may have to frequent Parliaments; which some may think would be the best secured, by feeding Me from time to time by such proportions as they shall think convenient: And this Argument (it being the First time I speak to you from the Throne) I will answer once for all; That this would be a very improper Method to take with Me; and that the best Way to engage Me to meet you often, is always to use Me well. I expect therefore that you will comply with Mein what I have desired; and that you will do it speedily, that this may be a Short Session; and that we may meet again to all our Satisfactions.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I must acquaint you, That I have had News this Morning from Scotland, that Argile is landed in the Western Islands, with the Men he brought with him from

land; and that there are Two Declarations published, One in the Name of those in Arms there, the Other in his own:

It would be too long for Me to repeat the Substance of them: It is sufficient to tell you, that in both of them I am charged with Usurpation and Tyranny. The shorter of them I have directed to be forthwith communicated to you. I shall take the best Care I can, that this Declaration of their own Treason and Rebellion may meet with the Reward it deserves: And I will not doubt, but that . you will be more zealous to support the Government; and give Me My Revenue, as I have desired it, without Delay.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the most humble Thanks for

and hearty Thanks of this House be given to his Majesty; Speech, for his most gracious Speech and Declaration.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to this Vote.

Ordered, That Sir John Talbott do immediately go up to the Lords, to desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to prevent Brewers from being Justices of the Brewers Peace, was read the First time. not

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time. Justices'

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do The King's immediately resolve into a Committee of the whole House, sPeech cou* to consider of his Majesty’s most gracious Speech; and 8 dere"‘ particularly of that Part thereof which relates to the King’s Revenue.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Solicitor General being called upon in the Committee, to take the Chair of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, &c. That Mr. Solicitor General do take the Qhair of the Committee.

Mr.

fc»i‘

Hath

point* t arundet

Grand

(omiiii'

Commi

by ^3

r

King’s

Revenue.

jAC.lt.

m

Thank* for Speech.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor took the Chais Of the' Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the said Committee, haring taken the Matters to them referred into Consideration, bad agreed upon a Vote: Which he read in his Place; and after* wards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, is as follows;

Resobccd, That the Revenue which was settled on his late Majesty for his Life, be settled on his present Majesty for his Life.

Resolved, Nemine condradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Revenue which was settled on his late Majesty for his life, be settled on his present Majesty for his Life.

Ordered, That Mr; Solicitor General do draw up and prepare a Bill or Bills for that Purpose; and present the same to the House.

Sir John Talbott acquaints the House, That, having, in Obedience to the Order of the House, attended the Lords with the Vote of this House, whereby they resolved to

Mr. Rich. Bertie, Mr. Parker, Lord Digby, Marquis of Worcester, Sir Adam Browne, Sir Roger LeStrange, Sir John Chichley, Mr. Holloway, Mi*. Pepys, Mr Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Ralph Wharton, Mr. ham, Mr. Essex Stroade, Mr. Robert Cornwall, Sir Will. Wren, Mr. Porter: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon', in the Place before mentioned: And to take into their Consideration all such Matters as shall or may codie in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns, in the' first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time. And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in And the said Committee is to have Power to send for Witnesses, Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information. And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve;: provided there be no

ting appoints to be attended.

present their most humble and hearty Thanks to his Ma- Question upon the Return for that PlaC6. Artd, if any u *u~:- T ,"u;~ J:J thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Elec-

tien, or Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter, is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns be determind.

jesty for his gracious Speech, That their Lordships did agree with this House in the said Vote; and that they had acquainted his Majesty with the humble Desires of both Houses.

And the House being informed. That his Majesty was graciously pleased to appoint both Houses to attend him at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Banqueting House at Whitehall....

And then the House adjourned to Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ijs:

"in

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do — __________

Committees. every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Veneris, 22* die Maii, 1685. 1° II*

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances

do sit in every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House. poss Meridiem.

Committee of Privileges.

Ordered,%That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed of the Persons following;

Sir Christo.Musgrave, Mr. Mr. Chetwin, Col.

Windham, Serjeant Millington, Colonel Webb, Mr

ton, Sir Marma. Gresham, SirTho. Chichley, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Heaver, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. John Biaumont, Mr. Stove, Sir Will.Portman, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Coryton, Sir John Morelon, Sir Rob. Atkins, Sir Meres, Sir Wm. Clif ton, Mr. Fiizwilliams, Sir John Lowther of Lowther, Sir Roger Norwich, Mr. DoneCol. Mr.

Walden, Sir Henry Goring, Mr. Smith, Lord Lansdowne, Serjeant Wynn, Mr. Parker, Sir Hoskins, Mr. Hen. Bertie, Lord Willoughby, Sir Edw. Ascough, Sir John Brampslm, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Peter Rich, Mr. Olivet' Montague, Mr. Cha. Bertie, Sir John Packington, Lord Preston, S\r Lewis Palmer, Sir Conway, Lord Brack-

ley, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Guy, Sir shaw, Mr. Darcy, Mr. Price, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Edw.

Mansell, Lord Falkland, Mr. Alderman Duncomb, Sir Lionel Walden, Mr. Coventry, Sir Cha. Holt, Lord Bruce, Mr. Bear, Sir Wm. Twisden, Mr. CAa. Windham, Sir

Banks, Sir Henry Beaumont, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Barlow, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Mr. Edw. Nevill, Sir Robert Brookes,'Mr. Garway, Ix>rd Middleton, Mr. Edw. Montague, Mr. Ambrose Brcnvne, Sir John Mathews, Mr. Grahme, Sir Fra. Clark, Mr. Ryves, Mr. Ethrick, Sir Richard Midlcton, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Jones, Sir Hugh Chomley, Sir John Stonehouse, Mr. Noell, Sir John Talbott, Sir Thomas Maleverer, Sir John Sir Wm. Gulston, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Hanses, Mr. Goring,

Mr. Williams, Sir Cha. Keymis Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir John Ernie, Lord Bodmin, Sir John Reresby, Mr Sir Wm.Bassett, Colonel Werden, Sir Anthony Deane, YouIX.

THE House being met, went to wait on his Majesty at the Banqueting House, to present their humble and' hearty Thanks to his Majesty, for his gracious Speech-and Declaration. And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That his Majesty was pleased to return his Answer by the Lord Keeper, to the Effect following; viz.

That his Majesty was well pleased with the Thanks of Answer to1 this House: And that he could repeat no more than what Thank* he had done: but that he would be as good as his Word:

And that he did not doubt, but, with the Assistance of both Houses, to maintain the Government against all Rebels and Traitors.

Sabbati, 23* die Maii, 1685. 1* Jac. II4i.

Praters.

A PETITION of Henry Perwle Esquire, touching Cirencester the Election for Cirencester, was read. Election.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edtcard Harley Esquire, complaining of Northamp-the undue Return of Sir Roger Norwich, to serve in this tou Election, present Parliament as Knight of the Shire for the County of Northampton, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Herbert Esquire, touching the Montgomery

Election for Montgomety. ecUon’

A Petition

p6 i y Mail &&$.

Montgomeiy A Petition of the Mayor and BurgesSes of the Towti Election. of Montgomery, and of the respective Boroughs of -nidfos, Pool, and Llanvillinwere read.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said several Petitions be heard -at the Bar of the House, on next Monday Fortnight

CrickUde A Petition of Thomas Esquire, torching the

Election- Election for Cricklade; and a Petition of Edmund Webb Esquire, touching the same Election; were read.

Resolved, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

to examine the Matte* thereof; and to report the seme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of SkWtlUam RicA-Baronet, and Sir Heeding

Fane; and'a Petition of S&mttel House and Others, Free-men and inhabitants df Redding in the County of Berks; complaining of the urtdtie Return of Johh Breedon and Thomas Coates Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgesses for the said Borough, in Injury to the Petitioners; was read.

Resolved, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinibns therein, to the House.

Buckingham

Election,

Thetforil

Election.

Caine

Election,

Newcastle Under Line Election.

A Petition of Edward Viscount Latimer, and George A Petition of John Deane Esquire, complaining of the Whitchurch Grenvill Esquire, complaining of the undue Election and undue Return and Election Of Men. Wallop and James Return of Sir Richard Temple and Sir Ralph Verriey, to Russell Esquires, to serve in this present Parliament as serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Buck- Burgesses of the Borough of Whitchurch in the County of vngham in the County of Bucks, in Injury of the Peti- Southampton, was read.

tioners, who wert; duly elected, and ought to have been Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Cwi-returned, was read. sidelration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges;

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; With their Opinions therein, to the House, to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same,

with their Opinion therein, to the House. A Petition of Jdmes Mayser Esquire, complaining of York

the undue Election and Return of Sir Medcalfe Robinson, ^*c,'on-A Petition of Sir Joseph Williamson, complaining of to serve in this present Parliament as Citizen For the City

the undue Election and Return of Hen. Heceninghamof York, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected,

Esquire, as a Burgess for the Borough of The ford in the and ought to have been returned, whs read.

County of Not folk, to serve in this present Parliament, Resolved, That the said Petition be referred tb the Con-in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and sideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; ought to have been returned, was read. to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same,

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard with their Opinions therein, to the House, at the Bar of this House on Friday next.

A Bill for settling the Revenue on his Majesty For his King'i A Petition of the Burgesses of Caine in the County of Life which was settled bn his late Majesty for his Life, Kevcnue. Wilts, complaining of the undue Election and Return of w-as read the First time.

Sir John Ernie and Thomas Webb Esquire, to serve in Resolved, Nemirte contradicent'e, That the Bill toe read this present Parliament as Burgesses for the said Borough, a Second time on Monday Morning next. in Injury of the Petitioners, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- A Petition of Sir Matthew Bafonet, complain- Higham

sideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; ing of the tnidUe Return of Sir Lewis Palmer Baronet, to Femn tb examine the Alatter thereof; and to report the same, serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough

oiHigham Ferrers, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought tb be returned, W’as read.

Resolved, That the Said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and

with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Bellott Baronet, and William Leveson Gower Esquire, complaining of the undue Return

and Election ofi/k Mamcamng and IVm. SmydjOmor "> reP°rt the sauie'

_ ° . J vi’ith thftir I Imnmn tn thp Hrtuco

Esquire, as Burgesses for the Borough of Newcastle under Line, to serve in this present Parliament, in Injury of the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned.

Resolved \That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The Right honourable the Earl One of hifc

Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, acquaints the Decj4ratJ0'’-House, That his Majesty had commanded him to comimlriicate tb ‘them the fraitetous Declaration of the pretended Earl ;of Argile, mentioned in his Majesty's Gracious Speech: Which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the sable w;as read; and is as follows;

fel

to :i; tit a

New Alalton A Petition of William Palmes Esquire, complaining of Election. the undue Return and Election of Mr. Fairfax and Mr.

Worsley, as Burgesses for the Borough of Neio Malton in the County of York, to serve in this present Parliament, in Injury of the Petitioner, who whs duly elected, and ought to have been returned.

Resolved, That the said Petition bfe referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Alatter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Wallingford A Petition of Richard Skinner, and others, Inhabitants Election. of the Borough of Wallingford, complaining Of the undue

Return of John Stone and John Hollmcay Esquires, as Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament lor the said Borough, was read.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges;

A Dedarti Won of Archibald Earl of 'Argile, Lord Kyn-iire, CoWall. Camball, and &c. Heritable

Sheriff and Lieutenant of the Shires df Argile and Tarbelt, and Heritable Justice General of the said Shires, and of the West Isles and others.

With his Order to his Vassals, and others in the said Shires, And under his Jurisdiction, to cohcur for De-

fence of their Religion, their Lives, and Liberties.

I SHALL not mention my Casepublished in Print in Latin and Dutch, and more largely in English; hornbed I repeat the printed Declaration emhtbd by several Noble-

rheii, Geritlfthen, and others, of both Nations,

Arms: But, beCabse the Sufferings of me hnd my Family

arse therein mentioned, I have thought it fft for me to declare for thyself, That as I go to Arbis with those who hare appointed me to conduct them, for no private hOr jfefsorial End, and only for thbse contained in the said

Declaration

i JAC.II.

ij* Mali.

Declaration, *WHfch I liavb cdrteeffed with tltem, and approve of; so 1 claim no Interest but whdt I had before the pretended (Forfeiture of iny Family, bnd have sufficient'Right to: And that I do freely, and as a Christian, 'fully forgive all personal Injuries against my Person, or Family, to all that shall not oppose, but join and concur

1717

%esoMd, That 'the fold Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

, v,,,,... , WVk __________ A Petition Of John Mitchell and Richard Brodrick, Bridport

with us in our present Undertaking, for the Ends men- complaining of the undue Election and return of Hugh, Election, tioned in the said Declaration: Atld hereby I Oblige me Hodges and Tho. Esquire, to serve in this present

never to pursue them in Judgment, nor out of Judgment Parliament as Burgesses for the Borough of Bridport in And I further declare, That, obtaining the peaceable and the County of... in Injury of the Petitioners, who were quiet Possession of whdt belonged to my Father and my- duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Self, before our pretended Forfeitures, I shall satisfy all Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Debts due by my Father and myself, as my Heir or Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Pri-Debtdr can be obliged: And as my Faithfulness to his vileges; to examine the Matter; and to report the same, late Majesty and his Government hath sufficiently ap- with their Opinion therein, to the House.

peared to all unbiassed Persons void of Malice, so I do With Grief acknowledge my former too much complying with and conniving at the Methods which have been taken to bring us to the said Condition we are now in; though, God knows, never concurring in the Design.

A Petition of John Connyers Esquire, complaining of East the undue Election and Return of Simon Smith, and Tho. Grinsteai Jones, Esquires, to serve in this present Parliament as E ection* Burgesses for the Borough of East Grinstead, in Injury

I have now, with God’s Strength, suffered patently of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to

o t n 1 mi r % nftvf*. hocm fpTiimpn urns rpan

have been Returned, was read.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

my unjust Sentence and Banishment Three Years and a half; and have never offered to make any Uproar or Defence by Arms, to disturb the Peace, upon my private Concern: But the King being now dead, and the Duke of Yorke having taken off his Mask, and having abandoned and invaded our Religion and Liberties, resolving to enter into the Government, and exercise contrary to Law, I

think it not only just, but my Duty to God and my

Country, to use my utmost Endeavours to oppose and *>.. s®rveLln ^ls present Parliament as Knight

repress his Usurpation and Tyranny. Sf ^.e Shire for the County of Bucks, m Injury of the

A Petition of Thomas Hackett Esquire, complaining Bucks of the undue Election and Return of Thomas Wharton Election.

Resolution to support the King.

Callington

Election.

repress his Usurpation and Tyranny.

And therefore, being assisted and furnished very nobly several good Protestants, and invited and accompanied by several of both Nations to lead them, I resolve, as God shall enable me, to use their Assistance of all Kinds towards the Ends expressed in the said Declaration.

And do hereby earnestly invite and obtest all honest Protestants, and particularly all my Friends and Blood Relations, to concur with us in the said Declaration.

And as I have written several Tetters, so, having no other Way fully to intimate my Mind otherwise, I do hereby require all my Vassals every-where, and all within my several Jurisdictions, with their sensible Men within their Command, to go to Arms, and to join and concur with us, according to the said Declaration, as they will be answerable, at their Peril; and to obey the particular Orders they shall receive from me from time to time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will

stand by and assist his Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes against Archibald Campbell, the pretended Earl of Argils, and his Adherents, and all Rebels and Traitors, and all others whatsoever that shall assist them, or any of them.

Resolved, &c. That this House will, in a Body, attend his Majesty, and present him with this Vote.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly desire his Majesty to appoint a time when this House may attend him.

A Petition of Samucll Rolls Esquire, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir John Corriton to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Callington in the County of Devon, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

The Question being put, That the same be heard at the Bar of this House.

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

} 55. \Jc2Tham’ 1for «*68-

And so it passed in the Negative.-Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The Earl of Midlelon acquaints the House, That his King ap- Majesty having been humbly desired to appoint a Time, Points to *> When this House might attend him, his Majesty had been attended-pleased to appoint Four of the Clock this Afternoon for the House to attend him in the Banqueting House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his W arrant to Ludlow Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow in the County of Salop, in the room of William Charleton, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of Charles Fox, Esquire, complaining of Cricklade the undue Election and Return of Edmund Webb, Esquire Election, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgess for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was read.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And then the HouSe adjourned to Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Berks

Election.

A Petition of the Lord Sterling, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Richard Southby Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament as Knight of the Shire for the County of Berks, in Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected* and, ought to have been returned, was read.

Vol. IX.

Post Meridiem.

A PETITION of Challxmer Chute, Esquire, com- Ludgarwii plaining of the undue Return for the Borough of Lud- Election.

garselLwas read.

0 8 X

Answer to Address-

718

a 30 — 2 50 Maxi.

A. 1685.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House then, according to their former Order, went with Mr. Speaker to attend his Majesty at the Banqueting House.

A Petition of Harry Bridges Esquire, touching the VfeU* Election for JVells in the County of Somerselt, was read. Ebsiion.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Wharton Esquire, touching the Cock«-

And the House being returned, Mr. Speaker acquaints Election for in the County of mouth

the House, That, having attended his Majesty in the Banqueting House; and presented him with the Vote this Morning made by the House; his Majesty was pleased to return this gracious Answer; viz.

" I could not expect less from a House of Commons so composed as (God be thanked) you are."

I rely on the Assurances you have given me, which

was read. Election.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Barnstable

Election.

A Petition of Thomas Bretherton Esquire, touching Newton are the natural Effects of your being monarchical and the Election for the Borough of Newton in the County Election. Church of England Men. I will stand by all such: of Lawas read.

And, so supported, have no Reason to fear any Rebels Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the or Enemies I have, or may have." Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Pri-

vileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report A Petition of John Rolls Esquire, touching the Election the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House, for Barnstable, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the A Petition of Thomas William Petit, Richard Northwnp-

Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Pri- Harrisand Edward Ward, touching the Election for the ton Election, vileges: to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the Town of Northampton.

O - _ - . 1 ______1 4.1__

Same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Dr. Sherlock Ordered, That Doctor Sherlock be desired to preach to preach on before this House on Friday the Twenty-ninth of this *9 Instant May, in the Forenoon: And that Sir Thomas

Meres and Air. Dolben do acquaint him with the Desire of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Rebuilding and towards the Rebuilding and Finishing the Cathedral St. Paul's. Church of St. Paul's London.

1 hetford Election.

Weymouth

Election.

A*mon-

riesham

Election.

T regonny Election.

Liclifeild

Election.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament lor the Borough of Thetfordin the County of Norfolk, on the Petition of Sir Joseph Williamson, be heard at the Bar of this House on

Saturday next: And that the Clerk of the Crown do then attend with the Return.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock on Monday Morning.

Luna, 23* die Mail, 1683.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Michael Harvey Esquire, touching the Election for Weymouth and Melcomb Regis in the County of Dorsclt, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Roger Hill, touching the Election of Agmondesham in the County of Bucks, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; and to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Hugh Boscaxcen Esquire, touching the Election of Tregonny in the County of Cornwall, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Privileges and Elections; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Francis Lcn, touching the Election

for Lichfeild in the County of Stafford, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

*3

A Bill for settling the Revenue on his Majesty for his ging-s Life, which was settled on his late Majesty during his Revenue. Life, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicetite. That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House to proceed in the Consideration of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Grand Committee to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue on his Majesty for his Life, was committed, That they, having taken the same into their Consideration, have made several Amendments; and prepared a Clause to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, are as followeth;

Folio 1, Line 2: After the Word " Reign," and before the Word, " intituled," add the Words " and confirmed in the Thirteenth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign."

After the Words " blessed Memory," and before the Word " intituled," add these Words, " and confirmed in the Thirteenth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign."

Folio 2, Line 8: After the W'ords, " be it Enacted," and before " Advice and Consent," add " by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty."

Folio 2, Line 9: After the Word " Lords" and

. . Word " Commons," add the Words " Spiritual and Temporal."

Folio 2, Line 10: After the Word " assembled," and before the Words " that the aforesaid," add these Words,

" and by the Authority of the same."

Folio 3, Lines 3, 4: Leave out the Words " for levying and collecting the same."

" And be it further Enacted by the Authority I,

That One Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments of Customs and Subsidies; as also one Act made in the Fourteenth Year of his late Majesty’s ..... intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty’s Customs; be of full Force and Effect during his Majesty’s Life, which God long preserve.

Li*

to

srJti

Cricklade

Election.

I JAC. II.

25* — a6* — 27* Maii.

The said Amendments, and Clause, being twice read at the Table, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the said Amendments, and Clause, be ingrossed.

meet at Three of the Speaker’s Chamber.

7*9

Clock this Afternoon, in the

A Petition of several Freemen and Inhabitants of Scarborough

borough in the County of York, touching the Election Electiotu

Ordered, That the said Bill, ingrossed, be brought in, for the said Town, being tendered to the House;

in order to be read a Third tame, To -morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Martis, 26* die Mail, 1685. 1* Jac. 11*1.

Prayers.

SI R Christopher Musgrarve reports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges to whom the Matter of the Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament _

for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts, was Life, which was settled on his late Majesty for his Life,

And the said Parties being called in, to own the said Petition; and they doing the same;

The Petition was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Revenue on his Ma- King's jesty for his Life, which was settled on his late Majesty Revenue, for his Life, was read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling the Revenue on his Majesty for his

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to the Members of Yarmouth Yarmouth to bring in a Bill for Repair of the Pier there. *>ien

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Rebuilding continuing an Act for rebuilding the Town of North- North‘ ampton. amPton*

Exporting

Leather.

Expiring

Laws,

referred, That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon a Resolve, to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being read, is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That Charles Fox and Thomas Freake, Esquires, are returned by the proper Officer.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, &c. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Charles Fox and Thomas Freake, Esquires are returned by the proper Officer. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to en- Duchy of

able his Majesty to make Leases, from Three Years to Cornwall.

A Bill for reviving an Act for Exporting of Leather, Three Years, of Lands in the Duchy of Cornwall. was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill against Scotch ’ ' ’ " Pedjers.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect and inquire into what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Meres, Mr. Montague,

Sir John Knatchbull, Mr. Paston, Lord Camden, Mr.

Browne, Mr. Aubry, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr. Walden, Sir Geo. Win neve, Sir William Gulston, Mr. Solicitor, Sir Tho.

Byde, Sic Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Robert Cornwall, Sir James

Butler, Mr. Common Serjeant, Sir Ben. Newland, Sir Edmund Jemiings, Sir John Talbot, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Cha.

Windham, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Frcman, Lord Willoughby,

Sir Hum. Winch, Mr. Foley, Sir Christo. Musg rave, Sir

Fra. Butler, Mr. Done, Mr. Pomeroy, Mr. Parker, Sir Peter Rich, "Mr. Harrington, 'Six John Ernie, Six Christo.

Wren, Mr Rainsford, Mr. Essex Strode, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir Wm. Twisden, Dr. Davenant, Mr. Duncombe,

Sir Cha. Holt, Mr, Tipping, Sir John Hoskins, Mr.

Done, Six John Wynn, Lord Falkland, Sir Hugh Chomley, the County of Bucks, being tendered to the House;

Mr. Gwyn, Lord Digby, Mr. Pepys, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir tt.- nm r.,----- t\.ui

John Reresby, and all the Members of the Long Robe; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

wandering Scotch Pedlers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill against Hawkers Hawkers, Pedlers, and Petty Chapmen. Pedler*-

A Bill for necessary Carriages, to be provided for his Carriages for Majesty in his Royal Progress and Removals, was read.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir John Stapely, Knight and Baronet, Lewis touching the Election for Lewis in Sussex, was read. Election.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance, made price’s by Roger Price^ Esquire, of the Manor of Westbury in Estate:

Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inspect the

for Journals. Journals of the House, and consider of the Proceedings therein; and to report their Opinions to the House, what they think fit Should be expunged:

And it is referred to Lord Middleton, Sir Christo. grave, Mr. Ethrick, Mr. Seymour, Sir Edw. Phillips,

Lord Campden, Mr. Harrington, Sir John Wynn, Mr.

Pepys, Sir Wm. Twisden, Mr. Browne, Mr. Jones, Mr.

Walden, Sir Cha. Litleton, Sir John Packington, Mr. Aubry, Sir Hen. Beaumont, Sir John Talbot, Lord Ranelagh, Dr. Brady, Sir John Ernie, Sir Edw. Mr.

Sackvile Tufton, Sir John Knatchbull, Mr. HMr.

Essex Strode, Lord Ancram, Lord Brackley, Sir Tho.

Meres, Sir Rich.Temple, Sir John Hanmer, Mr. Richard

Bertie, Mr. Pope, Mr. Coventry,.Mr. Recorder, Lord

Preston, Sir Cha. Holt, Sir Cha. Gerrard, Sir Christ.

Wren, Mr. Fitzwilliams, Sir John Norton, Mr,

wall Mr. Done; or any Seven of them: And they are to the Election for the said Borough, was read.

Vox.. IX.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That, for the future, no private Bill be brought Private into this House, but upon a Petition first presented, truly Bill*, stating the Case, at the Peril of the Parties preferring the same: And that such Petition shall be signed by the Parties who are Suitors for such Bill.

A Motion being made for preserving the Church of Preserving England, as now by Law established; t*ie Churah.

Ordered, That the same be referred to the Grand Committee for Religion.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 27° die Mali, 1685. i° Jac. IIU.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Freeholders of Weymouth and Weymouth Melcombe Regis in the County of Dorsett, touching «ctwn-

Ordered,

Array

Accompts.

Exporting

Leather.

Expiring

Laws.

720

370 Maii.

A. 1685.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinion therein to the House.

13, i4 Ca. II. c. 30. ^An Act for the better Regulating

of the Manufacture of Broad Weelloa Cloth, withis the West Biding of the County of York.

3> 4 Co. II. c. 33. An Act for preventing Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and A "Petition of divers Inhabitants of several Counties, Pamphlets; and for Reflating of Printing and Printing Towns, and Boroughs of England, and of the Officers Tresses.

and Soldiers who remain unsatisfied by the Commissioners 15 Co. II. c. 5- An Act for Regulating of select Vestries,

appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the One- 16 Co. II. c. 5. An Act to prevent the Disturbances and-thirtieth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for grant- of Seamen and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging a Supply of Two hundred Six thousand Four hundred ing to his Majesty’s Navy Royal.

Sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, 16 Co. II. c. 6. An Act to prevent the Delivering np for paying oft' and disbanding of the Forces therein men- of Merchant Ships.

tioned, was read. 16,17 Co. II. c. 3. An Act for the Returning of able

and sufficient Jurors.

17 Ca. II. c. 8. An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Gerard, Colonel Birch, Sir Thomas Player, and Colonel Whitley, Commissioners appointed by the Act of Parliament, made in the One-and- and Delays, thirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for disbanding 18 Co. II. c. 5. An Act for Encouraging of Coinage,

the Forces, do, on Saturday next, bring in their Accompts, 19 Co. II. c. 1 2. An Act for assigning Orders in the

to this House, of all Monies, by them paid, and of all Exchequer without Revocation.

other their Proceedings, in disbanding the said Forces ac- 22, 23 Ca. II. c. 10. An Act for the better Settling cording to the said Act: And that the Serjeant at Arms Intestates Estates.

attending this House do give them speedy Notice thereof.

A Bill for reviving an Act for transporting Leather was read a Second time.

Resolved, See. That the said Bill be committed to Sir

22, 23 Ca. II. c. 13. An Act for exporting Beer, Ale, and Mum.

22, 23 Ca. II. c. 19. An Act to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Selling of Cattle in and elsewhere.

22, 23 Ca. II. c. 22. An Act for the better and more

Edmund Jennings, Sir Dudley North, Sir Lionel Walden, certain Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his

Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir John Talbott, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Majesty.

John Knatchbull, Mr. 7typing, Sir Rich.Midleton, Dr. 22, 23 Ca. II. c. 26. An Act to prevent the Planting

Brady, Mr. Htn.Cormcall, Mr. Fansharw, Lord Bruce, Sir of Tobacco in England', and for regulating the Plantation

Robert Cotton, Mr. Docu ra, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Dolben, Trade.

Mr. Phillips, Sir Christ. Wren, Sir Anth. Chester, Mr.

North, Sir Edw. Phillips, Mr. Sand ford, Lord Falkland,

Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. I Fukien, Sir Dan. Fleming, Lord Brackhy, Sir Rich. Cromp, Mr. Phil.Darcy, Mr. Price, or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of prohibiting French Commodities.

30 Ca. II. c. 7. An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors and Administrators of Executors in their own Wrong.

29, ,30 Ca. II. 1. An Act, among other Things, for the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of divers Shoemakers, and other Manufacturers of Leather, in and about London; and a Petition of the Company of Curriers of London; were read;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said several Petitions be referred to the Committee last appointed; to examine the Matters thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sir John Talbot reports from the Committee appointed to inspect and inquire into what Laws are expired, or near expiring, That they, having taken the same into theivConsideration, had prepared a List of the said Acts: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being again read, is as follows; viz.

13, 14 Car. II. c. 2. An Act for repairing the Highways and Sewers, and paving and keeping clean the Streets in and about the Cities of and Westminster;

and for Reforming of Annoyances and Disorders in the ^Streets of and Places adjacent to the said Cities; and for the Regulating and Licensing of Hackney Coaches; and for the Inlarging of several strait and inconvenient Streets and Passages.

13, 14 Ca. II. c. An Act for Inlarging and Repairing of common Highways.

13, 14 Ca. II. c. 9. An Act for the Relief of poor and maimed Officers and Soldiers, who have faithfully served his Majesty and his Royal Father in the late Wars.

13, 14 Ca.II. c. 12. An Act for the better Relief of

Ordered, That it be re-committed to the same Committee, to consider, and report their Opinions, What Laws

are fit to be discontinued and what to be revived.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clerk and King’s Sir Miles Cook; i!eveou«-

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships have passed the Bill intituled, An Act for settling the Revenue on his Majesty for his Life, which was settled on his late Majesty for his Life, without any Alteration.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clargis, a Member of this House, have Leave to bring in a Bill for making the New Westminster, Church of St. James's, and the Precinct adjoining, Part of Parish’ the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Parochial; to be separated from the said Parish of St. Martin's.

A Petition of Oliver St. Johns, Esquire, touching the Election for Slockbridge in the County Southampton, Election. was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Or

A Petition of Henry Wharton and William Jepson, Es-

the Poor of this Kingdom.

quires, touching the Election for the Borough buru in the County of was read.

13, 14Crt.II. c. 20. An Act for Providing of Carriages, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty s sideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; Navy and Ordnance. to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same,

13, i4Crt. II. c. 21. An Act for preventing the un- with their Opinion therein, to the House. necessary Charge of Sheriffs; and for Ease in passing

Malmsbuij

Election.

their Accompts.

13, 14 CaII. c. 22. An Act for Preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and continued 29* and 30.*

A Petition of John Dutton Colt, Esquire, being tendered Colt’s to the House; Estate.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition

i Jac. II. 27° — 29" — 30° Mail. 721

Gloucester A Petition of Sir John Guise touching the Election for Action. tiic County of Gloucester, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges;

to examine the Matter thereof;.....with their Opinion

therein, to the House.

Me!Icr*s

Estate.

A Petition of Edward Mcller Esquire, praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable him to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts.

The Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in such a Bill.

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth. rV ,1 /Sir Charles Windham, 1

K > [Sir Edw. Phillips, J

rp 11 fSir Hen. Beaumont. 1

1 eliers, John lhre

And so it passed in the Negative.

for the Yeas, 195. for the Noes, 218.

Veneris, 29# die Mail, 1685. 1* Jac. II*1.

THE House being met, in order to their going to House goes Church, adjourned to Nine of the Clock To- to Church, morrow Morning.

And accordingly the House went.

Sahbati, 30° Maii, 1685.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of Thetford Thetford in the County of Norfolke, touching the Elecuon. Election for the said Town, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Rnmny Sir Benjamin Bathurst, being returned to serve in this

Writ. present Parliament for the Borough of Beeralslon in the County of Cornwall, and for the Port of Rumny in the County of Kent, made his Election to serve for Beer a Is ton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Port of Romney.

Preserving Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Grand Committee the Church. Gf Religion, That the Committee, having taken the Matters, Yesterday to them referred, into their Consideration, had agreed upon Two Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where they were again read; and are as follow;

1. Resolved, That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of this Grand Committee, to assist and stand by his Majesty, according to our Duty and Allegiance, for the Support and Defence of the Reformed Religion of the Church of England, as now by Law established, with our Lives and Fortunes.

2. Resolved, That the House be moved, from this Grand Committee, to make an humble Address to his Majesty, to publish his Royal Proclamation for putting the Laws in Execution, against all Dissenters whatsoever from the Church of England,

The Question being put, That the Question be now

put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the First of the said Resolves;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Question be now put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Second of the said Resolves;

It likewise passed in the Negative.

Resolved, Nemine conlradicenle, That this House doth ^/acquiesce, intirely rely, and rest wholly satisfied, in his Majesty’s gracious Word, and repeated Declaration, to support and defend the Religion of the Church of England, as it is now by Law established: which is dearer to, us than our Lives.

Charters to A Debate arising, touching several Royal Charters, Boroughs. supposed to be granted to divers Boroughs, w ho had a Right, by Prescription, to send Burgesses to serve in Parliament; whereby, as was alleged, an Alteration is made in the Manner of their ancient Elections;

Resolved, &c. That the Debate be adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock on Friday Morning.

A Petition of Sir Robert Cotton Baronet, and John Chester Manwaring Esquire, touching the Election for the County Election, of Chester, w as read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the' Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Lewis and William Serjeant, Chippin Esquires, touching the Election for Chippin Wickham in Wickham the County of Bucks, w as read. ection.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Newton Esquire, touching the Grantham Election for the Borough of Grantham in the County of Election. Lincolne, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Boone Esquire, touching the Dartmouth Election for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hard* Election. nesse, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of Peterborough, Peterborough touching the Election and Return of Members to serve in Election, this present Parliament for the City of Peterborough was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to of sherlocW Dv, Sherlock, for his excellent Sermon, Yesterday preached thanked, before this House: And that he be desired to print his Sermon: And that Mr. Dolben do present him with the Thanks, and acquaint him with the Desire of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect such Expiring Laws as are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Laws. Opinions therein to the House, be revived; and do sit on Monday in the Afternoon, at Three of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Coryton have Leave to bring in a Coinage.

Bill for reviving the Act concerning Coinage.

Vol. IX.

S U Ordered,

Montgomery

Election.

Tavistock

Election.

Lancaster

Election.

Judicature for Houses burnt*

St. Albans Election.

Army

Accompts.

Rebuilding

Northamp-

ton.

Sau'hVich

Writ.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Montgomery, be heard at the Bar, the first Sitting Day after Whitsunday.

A Petition of Edzcard Russell Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Tavistock in the County of Devon, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Lord Brandon, touching the

i ' o

Election for the Town of Lancaster, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill touching appointing a Judicature, to determine Differences on occasion of Houses burnt or demolished in and about the City of Westmbeing presented to

the House;

Ordered, That the Bill do lie on the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of Sir Samuel Baronet, touching

the Election for the Town of Albans in the County of Hertford, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House being informed, that Sir Thomas Player and Colonel Whitley attended at the Door, according to an Order of the Twenty-seventh Instant, made for that Purpose;

And they being called in; and they informing this House, That they hud brought an Abstract of their Accompts, mentioned in the said Order, by way of Debtor and Creditor; but that the great Book of the said Accompts, and several Vouchers and Papers relating the reunto, were out of their Hands; but that they hoped to get the same by Monday next;

And (upon their being withdraw n) the House being acquainted, That the said great Book, and several Papers relating to the said Accompts, were in the Hands of the Auditor of the Imprests, by Direction of the llight honourable the Lord High Treasurer of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Guy, a Member of this House, do attend his Lordship, and desire his Lordship to give Direction, That the said Book, Vouchers, and Papers, be sent to this House on Monday Morning next: Arid that the said Sir Thomas Player and Colonel Whitley do then attend again: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending tills House do give them Notice thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to write to Sir Gilbert Gerrat'd and Colonel Birch (who were to have attended this House this Day, according to an Order of the Twenty-seventh Instant, but are in the Country, and so could not have timely Notice); and thereby give them Notice of the said Order; and for them to attend, and bring in their Accounts accordingly.

A Bill for Continuance of an Act, intituled, An Act for the better and more easy Rebuilding of the Town of

Northampton, was read.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Pcpys, being returned a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwichand for the Port of Sandwich, made his Election to serve for Harwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Sandwich in the County of Kent.

16

1685.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for the TWuYery of more speedy Recovery of small Tythes. Tythes.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Duppa, Messawto

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; atieml the

Mr. Speaker, king.

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him immediately in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned; Mr. Speaker acquaints the The King’* House, That, after he had presented his Majesty with Speech the Bill for Settling the Revenue on his Majesty during rt'ilorUr<i-his Life, which w as settled on his late Majesty during his Life; his Majesty w as pleased to make a gracious Speech:

Which, lest lie Should misrepcat his Majesty, or misguide the House, he had obtained a Copy of; and read the same to the House: Which is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I Thank you very heartily for the Bill you have presented Me this Day; and I assure you, the Readiness and Chearfulness that has attended the Dispatch of it, is as acceptable to Me, as the Bill itself.

After so happy a Beginning, you may believe I would not call upon you unnecessarily for an extraordinary Supply: But, when I tell you, That the Stoi cs of the Navy and Ordnance are extremely exhausted; That the Anticipations upon several Branches of the Revenue are great and burdensome; That the Debts of the King niv Brother to his Servants and l’amily are such ys deserve Compassion; That the Rebellion in Scotland, without putting more Weight upon it than it really deserves, must oblige Me to a considerable Expence extraordinary; I am sure-such Considerations w ill move you to give Me an Aid toy provide for those Things, w herein the Security, the Ease, and the Happiness of My Government are so much concerned. But, above all, I must recommend to you the Care of the Navy, the Strength and Glory of this Nation;

That you will put it into such a Condition, as may make us considered and respected abroad. I cannot express niv Concern upon this Occasion more suitable to My own Thoughts of it, than by assuring you, I have a true English Heart, as jealous of the Honour of the Nation as you can be: And I please Myself with the Hopes, that, by God’s Blessing, and your Assistance, I may carry the Reputation of it yet higher in the World, than ever it has been in the time of any of My Ancestors. And, as I will not call upon you for Supplies, but when they are of publick Use and Advantage; so I promise you, That what you shall give me upon such Occasions, shall be managed with good Husbandry; and I will take care it shall be employed to the Uses for which I ask them.

A Motion being made, Eor a Supply, upon his Supply. Majesty’s Speech;

Resolved, &c. That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee,.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General, reports from the Committee of the whole House, appointed to consider of a Supply to his Majesty, That the said Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same being read, are as follow;

Resolved, Nomine contradiccntc, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be given to his Majesty towards the Repairs of the Navy ami Ordnance, and the Stores for the same; and for those other Occasions in his Majesty’s Speech.

Resolved, See. That, towards the said Supply, an Imposition be laid oil all Wines and Vinegar.

Resolved, See. That the Imposition to be laid on Wines and Vinegar be the same that was laid thereon by an Act

of

30° M.

TVtfc

Lula

ftJa;

!rn

Pttsb

Socde;

Esa

U

Haiti

k'Sf

ft*

Thetford

Election.

St. James*

\Yeftnunster,

Parish.

Northern

Borders.

Beverly

Election.

York

Election.

Wottou

Basset

Election.

I Jac. II. 30° Mali — 1" Junii. 723

of Parliament made in the Two-and-twemieth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the Four-and-twentieth Day of June, 1C70, and the Four-and-twentieth Day of June, 1678.

Resolved, &c. That the House be moved, That they will, on Monday next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further upon a Supply for his Majesty.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a Supply be given to his Majesty, for the Repairs of the Navy and Ordnance, and the Stores for the same; and for those other Occasions in his Majesty's Speech.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time to the House;

Resolved, Sic. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That towards the said Supply, an Imposition be laid on all Wines and Vinegar.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Third time;

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the'Imposition to be laid upon Wine and Vinegar be the same that was laid thereon by Act of Parliament made in the Two-and-twentieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the Four-and-twentieth Day of June 1(170, and the Four-and-twentieth Day ot 1678.

Resolved, See. That this House will, on Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the said Supply.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do prepare a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolves; and present the same to the House on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Return for Thetford be heard on Monday Morning next, at the Bar of this House.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock on Monday Morning next.

Luna, 1* die Junii, 1685.

Prayers.

AB IL L for erecting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of St.James within the Liberty of minster, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Continuance of an Act, intituled, An Act to prevent Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

A Petition of Sir John Hot ham Baronet, touching the F.lection for the Borough of Beverly in the County of York, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of TobcyJenkins Esquire, touching the Elec-

tien for the City of York, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Hussey Esquire, touching the Election for Wotton Basset in the County of Wilts, was read.

Vol. IX.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Duck Esquire, concerning the Bossinrey Election for the Borough of Bossinneyin the County of Election Cornwall, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Countess of Newburgh, and the Earl Earl of of Nat-burgh her Son, was read; praying Leave to bring Cleveland’* in a Bill for reviving of several former Acts of Parlia- Creditors, ment therein mentioned; with such Powers as are necessary for Payment of Debts and Charges upon the Estate of the late Earl of Cleveland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Borough and Sandwich Port of Sandwich in the County of Kent, touching the Election. Election for the same Borough and Port, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The Accompts of some of the Commissioners ap- Army pointed by the late Act of Parliament made in the One- Accompts. and-tiiirtieth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for Disbanding the Forces, being, according to the Order of this House of Saturday last, brought in, and left with the Clerk of this House;

Resolved, See. That a Committee be appointed to inspect and examine the said Accompts; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is reierred to Sir Tho. CLord Falkland, Sir Henry Goodrich-, Sir Dudley North, Sir Hugh Mr. Tipping, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Smith, Sir Stephen Fox,

Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Talbot, Sir Tredenham, Colonel Oglethorp, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Chichley,

Mr. Bickerstafe, Mr. Hen. Bertie, Mr. Done, Mr. Strode,

Sir Wm.Tu-isden, Mr. Kingdome, Colonel Sir Tho.

Chichley, Mr. Ilcuer, Sir Peter Rich, Sir Hoskins,

Lord Alteram, Mr. Pepys, Sir John Lord her, Sir John Haunter, Sir Cha. Littleton, Sir Lionel Mr. Blath-

wayte, Mr. Mohan, Mr. Walden, Mr. Sir Jim,

Gulslon, Dr. Brady, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir John Fenwick,

Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Guyne, Mr. Mr. , Sir

Robert Holmes, Col. Witulham, Mr. Guy, Mr.

Mr. Cha. Bertie; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Return of the Thetford Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Election. Thetford in the County of Norfolk, and which was to have been heard at the Bar of the House this Day, be heard at the Bar Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clarke and Esselbroo’s, Sir James Astry; &c. In at,

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of JoEsselbron, and others: To which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Petition of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Bo- simftsbury rou^h of Shaftsbury in the County of , w'as read. Election.

The- Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir

Exporting

Leather.

Supply Bill.

Supply.

724 1° — 2°

Sir Edmufid Jennings reports from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for exporting Leather, was committed, That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to be made, and a Clause to be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Plate; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments being again read; were, upon the Question, severally agreed to by the House.

The Proviso being read a Second time to the House;

The Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Proviso;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Proviso be rejected.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for a Supply to his Majesty towards the Repair of the Navy and Ordnance, and Stores for the same; and for other his Majesty’s weighty Occasions; was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning, after Ten of the Clock.

The House then, according to their Order of Saturday last, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the further Consideration of a Supply to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they, having taken the Matters to them referred into Consideration, had agreed upon several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, are as follows;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for a further Supply to his Majesty, an Imposition be laid on Tobacco.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Imposition be laid on Sugar.

3. Resvivid. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Imposition on Spanish Tobacco be Six-pence per Pound Weight above what it now pays.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Imposition on Tobacco, of the Growth of all the English Plantations, be Three-pence the Pound above what it now pays.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Muscovado Sugar of Brazilc do pay an Hulfpeny per Pound Weight above what it now pays.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That PannclcSugar do pay an Halfpeny per Pound

Weight above what it now pays.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That foreign white Powder Sugar do pay One Peny per Pound Weight above what it now pays.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That other foreign Sugars, imported in the Loaf, do pay Three-pence per Pound Weight above what they now pay.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Muscovado Sugar, of the English Plantation, do pay a Farthing per Pound Weight above what it now pays.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Sugars of the English Plantation, fit for Use, do pay One Peny per Pound Weight, above what they now pay.

' The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time to the House;

Resolved, Sic. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, for a further Supply of his Majesty, an Imposition be laid on Tobacco.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That an Imposition be laid on Sugar.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Juniu A, 1685.

And a Motion being made, That, after the Word " Spanish," the Word " Tobacco’’ be left out in the said Resolve; and that these Words, " and all other foreign Tobacco not of the English Plantations," be added, instead thereof:

Which being agreed to by the House; and the same being inserted at the Clerk’s Table;

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee (with the said Amendment), That the Imposition on Spanish and all other foreign Tobacco, not of the English Plantations, be Six-pence per Pound Weight above what it now pays.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Imposition on Tobacco of the Growth of all the English Plantations be Three-pence the Pound Weight above what it now pays.

The Fifth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, See. That this House cloth agree with the Committee, That Muscovado Sugar of Brazi/edo pay an Halfpeny per Pound Weight above what it now' pays.

The Sixth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, See. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That PanneleSugar do pay an Halfpeny per

Pound Weight above what it now pays.

The Seventh of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, for adding the Word " Farthing" after the Word " Peny," in the said Resolve: Which being agreed to by the House; and the same being inserted at the Table;

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee (with the said Addition), That foreign white Pow der Sugar do pay a Peny Farthing per Pound Weight above what it now pays.

rFhe Eighth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Sec. That this House doth agree with the Committee, That other foreign Sugars, imported in the Loaf, do pay Three-pence per Pound above w hat they now pay.

The Ninth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Jlluscovado Sugar, of the English Plantation, do pay a Farthing per Pound Weight above w hat it now pays.

The last of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made for leaving the reout the Words "One Peny;" and inserting the Words "Three Farthings," instead thereof;

To which the House agreed; and the said Amendment being made at the Table;

Resolved, Sec. That tin's House doth agree with the Committee (with the said Amendment), That all Sugars of the English Plantation, fit for Use, do pay Three -tilings per Pound Weight above what they now pay.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said several Resolves.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Martis,2* die Junii, 1 61° Jac.

Praters.

A DILL for Continuance of Three former Acts for

Prevention of Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders. Borders of England, was read.

Resolved,.That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition

up*

fas*

pcvon

fiU*

Wo,.!!

M*iij

5lM.

fci

5:1211:1

Eitcso

itillOl

Vj

3

if

t

t

e

:e

d

j5

ill

V]

.r-

it

e

.t

e

e

i Jac. II. 2* — 3°

7^5

Aylfisbur/ A Petition of Sir Thomas Lee, touching the Election Election. for |jle Borough of Aylesbury in the County of Bucks, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Devon A Petition of Samuel Rolls Esquire, touching the Elec-

Elfction. tien for the County of Devon, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Meiler's A Petition of Edward MeUer Esquire, and others, was

Estate. read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Edward Meller Esquire to sell certain Lands, for Payment of his Debts.

Preston Sir Thomas Chichley being chosen and returned Bur-

Writ. gess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of

Cambridge, and also for the Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster; and having made his Election to serve for the Town of Cambi%idge;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster.

Woollen A Bill for Encouragement of the Woollen Manu-

Manutacture. factUre, being presented to the House;

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Clerk s Table.

SL Mawes Election.

Sir Jos. Tredcnhambeing elected and returned a Bur-

gess to serve in this present Parliament as well for the Borough of St. Manes, as for the Borough of

in the County of Cornwall, made his Election to serve for the Borough of G rampound.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough oi St. Mawes in the County of Cornwall.

into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee, having taken the Matter to them referred into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table; the Amendments being as follows:

Folio 2, Line 6, After the Word " the," and before the Word " Day," insert the Words " Twenty-fourth Day of " June;" and, after the Word " of," and before the Word " in," insert the Word " June'

Line 7, After the Word " the," and before the Word " Day," insert the Words" Twenty-fourth;" and, after the Word " of," and before the Word " in," insert the Word " June."

Line 8, After the Word " Lord," and before the Word " shall," insert the Words " One thousand Six hundred.

" Ninety-three."

Folio 4, Line 3, After the Word " within," insert the Words " Three Months."

Line 4, After the Word "within," insert the Words " Six Months."

Line 6, After the Word " within," insert the Words " Nine Months."

Folio 5, Line i, That the Clause be left out Folio 1, to Folio 8, to " provided."

Line 10, After the Word "Merchandize," add "or " otherwise."

The said Amendments, being read a Second time, were, with an Amendment made at the Table, severally agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Shaftsbury A Petition of Sir Matthew Andrews Knight, touching Election. the Flection for tire Borough of in the County of Dorsett, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Thetford The I louse then, according to their Order Yesterday

Election. made, proceeded to a Hearing of the Matter of the Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk.

And the Counsel on both Sides being called in, and heard at the Bar of this House;

And being ordered to withdraw;

Resolved, That no Mayor can duly return himself a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the same Borough of which he is a Mayor at the Time of the Election.

Resolved, That no Mayor, Bailiff, or other Officer of a Borough, who is the proper Officer to whom the Precept ought to be directed, is capable of being elected to serve in Parliament for the same Borough, of which he is Mayor, Bailiff, or Officer, at the Time of the Election.

Resolved, &c. That Henry Esquire is not

duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford in the County of Norfolk.

Mercurii,3* die Junii, 1685. 1* Jac. II4*.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Bill for the new Parish of St June*' St. James in the County of Middlesex, be read To- ^>ar‘il1* morrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the House of Lords, Esselbroo’s for the Naturalization of John Esselb and others, was &c' read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for reviving Two former Acts concerning coinage. Coinage, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Henry Heme and Sir William Kille- Lindsey grew, in Behalf of themselves, and others, Participants Levell. in Lindsey Levell, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Draining of Lindsey Levell.

A Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Recovery of Tythes, and other Due9, by Rectors and Vicars, was read. Tythe*. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to StAnsrt Duty on ’ Wines and Vinegar imported, was read a Second time. build a Church for the new Parish of St. Ann's, late Parcel Parish. Wines, &c. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Gf the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, at the Charge of the whole House. of the Parishioners.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself Von. IX. ' 8X A Bill

L

3° Junii. A. 1685.

iil of w* i.ind’s C.cJitors.

Grantham

Election.

The t ford Election.

Exporting

Leather.

A Bill for reviving several Acts made for the Relief of the Creditors of the late Eurl of Cleveland being presented to the House;

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Sir William Ellis Baronet, touching the

Election for the Borough of Grantham in the County of Lincolne, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Burgesses and Common Council of the Borough of The [ford in the County of Norfolk, touching the Election of the said Borough; and a Petition of Henri/ lh voting ham Esquire, touching the same Election, were read.

An Indenture being offered to the House, whereby Sir Joseph Williamson was alleged to be elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thet/ord; and which was said to have been tendered to the Mayor, to be by him returned with the Precept,- but refused by him;

And a Motion being made, That the Witnesses might he called in to prove the Indentures at the Bar of this House;

The Question being put, That the Witnesses be called in;

The House divide.

The N oes go forth.

, fSir Henri) Goodrich, 1

T*rs'\Sir Mm Talbot, } Sir dm. //

for the Yeas, 167.

Tellers,

j. for the Noes,

172.

[Colonel Strode,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for The!ford be heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges, on Saturday Scvennight.

A Bill for providing necessary Carriages far his Ma- carriage* jesty, in his Royal Progress and Removals, was read a for the Kns. Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed to Sir Stephen Fox, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir John Talbott, Sir John Hoskins, Mr. Dolben, Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Seymour,

Mr. Aubcry, Mr. Essex Strode, Lord Ancram, Mr. North,

Sir John Chichley, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Dudley North, Mr. Duncumbe, Mr. Christy, Mr. Onslow, Sir Cha.

Mr. Barty, Sir Chris. Musgrave, Mr. Smith, Lord Falkland, Marquis Worcester, Mr. Pope, Mr. Beare, Colonel Strode, Lord Preston, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Essex Strode, Mr. Kingdon, Sir James Butler, Mr. Done, Sir

Hen. Goodrich, Sir John Knaichbuil, Sir Sir Edxe. JlIansell, Sir John Lmvther, Mr. Musgrave, Mr.

Walden, Sir Geo.Pudsey, Sir John Fogg, Sir Orlando Gee,

Sir John Rercsby, Sir Daniel Fleming, Sir Warden, Sir

Edw. Herbert, Sir Tho. Meres, or any Eight of them:

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir George Trebytouching the Election Plimpton for the Borough of Plimpton in the County of Devon, Election, aits read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Samuel Reigno/ds Esquire, touching the Colchester Election for the Borough of Colchester in the County of Election. Essex, Mas read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Priv ileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving an Act for Exporting of Leather, Mas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the Title be. An Act for reviving a former Act for Exporting of Leather.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jennings do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Petition of Samuel Hutchinson Gentleman, Mas read. HutcLinson* Ordered, 'Ehat Leave he given to bring in a Bill for Lamps granting to the said Mr. Hutchinson the Benefit of the Invention of Lights and Lamps, as is desired.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Edward Metier Es- Jiellers quire, to sell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, he read Estate. Tomorrow Morning.

W

Ctf

G*

Mu

in

0

id

Xfi

ft

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty an Impo-Duties on sition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the Wines, &c. Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Six hundred Eighty-five, and flic Twenty-fourth Day of Jane One thousand Six hundred Ninety-three, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Resolved, That the 'Title he. An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all V ines and Vinegar imported between the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Six hundred Eighty-five, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Six hundred Ninety-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Callington A Petition of Samuel Rolls Esquire, touching the Election. Election for the Borough of Callington in the County of Cornwall, Mas read.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Croun do attend the House, Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for Calling ton, in the County of Cornwall.

Exporting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to mi Wool. tigaie the Penalties of the Law against Exporting of Wool.

Woollen Ordered, That the Bill for Encouragement of the

Manufacture. Woollen Manufacture, be read Tomorrow Morning after Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Tho. WindhSir Ant ho. Deane, ,\rmv

Captain Taft on. Marquis of Jf'urAlderman Dun- Accounts.' combe, be added to the Committee appointed to examine the Accompts of the Commissioners for disbanding the late Eorces.

Ordered, That Baptist Noel Esquire, a Member of this Leave of House, have Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, v M |to, of A cte Mahon in the County of touching the Election.

Election for the said Borough, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with them Opinion therein, to the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Julius Deeds, fjyth Me iyor of the Borough and Port of Ilyth in the County of Election. Kent, hath returned himself a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough and Port:

Ordered, That the said Mr. Deeds have Notice to attend in his Place, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of Clock, with the Return for the Port of Hyth, in the County of Kent.

A Motion being made, That Sir John a Mem- Leave of her of this House, have Leave to go into the Country; Absence.

And

Importing

Candles.

Great

Marlow

Election.

Committee for Journals.

New Malton Election.

Bedford

Levell.

Ilchester

Election.

St. James* Parish.

i Jac. II. 3° — 40 Junii.

727

And the Question being put, That he have such Leave;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Company of Tallow Chandlers of London, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign-wrought Tallow Candles.

A Petition of Sir James Etheridge Knight, touching the Election for the Borough of Great Marlonv in the County of Bucks, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of this House, and to report what they think fit to be expunged, be revived: And that Marquis Worcester, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Worden, Lord Ancram, Sir U rn. Clifton, Mr. North, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Porter, Sir A nth. Deane, Sir Philip Egerton. Lord Dighif. Mr. Hanses, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Au-bery, Mr. Runithon, Sir John Wynn, Mr. CIn [finch, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Lord Newburgh, Lord Bruce, Sir Nath. Johnson, Mr. Cory ton, Sir IV ill. Clifton, Mr. Pepys, Sir John Key, Mr. buncombe. Sir Dudley North, Sir A7c. Bacon, Colonel Strangeways, Colonel Windham, Mr. Williams, Sir ('ha. Windham, Sir Roger LEstrange, Lord Clifford, Sir Ja nes Butler, Sir JVm. llonyxcocd. Sir Stephen Fox, Sir Antho.Deane, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Lie....

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

O

JoviSj 4° die Junii, 1085. 1° Jac. IIdl.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir Watkinson Pay lor Baronet, touching the Election for the Borough of Ntxv Malton in the County of York, w as read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee for Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing a Clause in the Act for Draining of Bedford Levell in the County of Northampton.

A Petition of William Strode Esquire, touching the Election for the Borough of Ilchester in the County of Somersett, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Elections and Privileges; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill for erecting a new Parish, to be called The Parish of St. James within the Liberty of Westminster, was read the Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clarges, Colonel Strode, Sir Wm. Clifton, Mr. Richard Berty, Sir Hugh Chomley, Mr. Peregrine Berty, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Harrington, Lord Domic, Sir Stephen Fox, Sir John Bajiks, Sir Denny Ashburnham, Sir Charles Gerrat, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Smith, Sir Cyril! Wych, Mr. Essex Strode, SirGeo.Pudsey, Mr. Bonithon, SirChr.Wren, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Chiffinch, Mr. Holloway, Sir Peter Rich, Mr. Neale, Mr. Mellish, Sir Edw. Nevill, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Henry Berty, Mr. Herbert, Dr. Davenant, Sir John Knatchbull, Mr. Pepys, Mr. Paston, Mr. Chapman, Sir Walter Clarges, Mr. Hawtry, SirLionell Vot. IX.

Walden, Captain Kendrick, Lord Vaughan, Mr. Williams,

Sir John Key, Mr. Robert Cornwall, Major Arnold, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir James Butler, Colonel Phillips, Air.

Hewei', Sir John Nicholas, Sir Hen. Munson, Mr. Buinton,

Air. Hen. Cornwall, Mr. Geres, Mr. Bolder, Mr. Connisby,

Sir John Packing ton, Mr. Aubery, Sir Cha. Gerard: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And due Notice is to be given to the Vicar, Churchw ardens, and Overseers of the Poor, of the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, that they may attend the Committee, if they shall see Cause: And the Committee are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Carriages for providing Carriages for his Majesty’s Navy and Ord- Navy and nance. Ordnance.

A Petition of James Durham, Tho. Cropper, and JVII- Hackney

ham Keep, on Behalf oi themselves, and other Hackney Coaches. Coachmen, licensed by virtue of the late Act of Parliament, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating Hackney Coaches.

Resolved, That some Part of w hat shall arise from the Licensing of Hackney Coaches, be applied to Chelsea College.

Ordered, That it be referred to Sir John Ernie, Air.

Peregrine Berty, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Goring, Sir Lionel Walden, Sir John Talbot, Sir Chris. Wren, or any Three of them, to prepare and bring in the said Bill.

Sir John Talbot reports from the Committee to whom Carrianes for the Bill for providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty’s the King. Royal Progress and Removal, was committed, That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made, and a Clause to be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments being twice read, were, upon the Question, severally agreed to.

The Clause being read a Second time, was likewise agreed to by the House.

And a Proviso being to be added to the said Bill; and being twice read; the same was, upon the Question, agreed to.

Resolved, That the said Clause &nd Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Clause, and Proviso, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Recovery of Tythes, and other Dues, by Rectors and Vicars, was read Tythea. a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir John Lowther, Mr. Christy, Sir Tho.

Clarges, Sir Charles Gaudy, Mr. Peregrine Bertie, Air.

Recorder, Mr. Harrington, Mr. Fanshaw, Doctor Parrot,

Sir Tho. Exton, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Montague, Lord Dmcne, Sir George Pudsey, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Common Serjeant, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir Charles Holt, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Mellish, Mr. North, Mr. Seymour,

Sir Char. Littleton, Sir John Banks, Mr. Essex Strode,

Lord Digby, Sir Wm. Twisden, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bonithon, Mr. Parker, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Christo. Musgrave, Sir William Trumball, Mr. Marwood,

Air. Dolben, Major Ashton, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bull, Mr.

Cradock, Lord Falkland, Mr. Jones, Sir Christo. Wren,

Air. Musgrave, Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir Humph. Foster,

Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Verney, Mr. Lee, Lord Vaughan,

Sir Rich May, Captain Kirkby; or any Eight of them:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir John Coell, and Doctor Edsbury;

Mr.

728

50 Junii.

A. 1685.

Reversing

Lord

Stafford’s

Attainder.

Earl of

Ossory’*

Estate.

Hyth

Election.

Leave of Absence.

Lord Bruce's Estate.

Northampton

Election.

Orders

respecting

Footmen.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent to this House Two Bills; the One intituled, An Act for reversing the Attainder of William late Viscount Stafford; and another, intituled, An Act to enable James Lord Butler of Moor Park, and Earl of Ossory in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make a Jointure to such Woman as he shall marry: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, produced the Return for the Town and Port of Hyth in the County of Kent.

And Mr. Deeds attending in his Place; and giving the House some Account concerning the said Election;

And it appearing to this House, That Mr. Julius Deeds was Mayor of the Town and Port of in the County of Kent; and that the Precept was directed to the Mayor,

J urats, and Commonalty of Hythe; and that Mr. Julius Deeds is returned by Indenture from the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty;

Resolved, Nerninccontradicente, That Mr. Julius Deeds

is not duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town and Port of Hythe in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Hythe in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Coventry, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country, for Two Months, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of Thomas Lord Bruce, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make Leases for raising Money for Payment of Fifteen thousand Pounds Debts, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

A Petition of Sir Roger Norwas read.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Election of Knights to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northampton, be heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges, on Saturday Fortnight next.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that the Footmen and Lacquies do not come up the Stairs, or stay in the Passage between the Stairs and Westminster Hall; but that they do attend and stay in the Hull.

Ordered, That the several Members of this House he desired to disarm their Footmen and Lacquies attending them at this House.

Veneris, 5* Junii, 1685. 1* Jac. II*

Pra

y ers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Ewelbron’i, An Act for the Naturalization of John Esselbron, &c- Nat. and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be committed to Lord Brackley, Colonel Windham, Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir James Butler, Lord Bruce, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Chr. Mtisgrave, Mr. Rainsford, Lord Sir Daniel

Fleming, Sir Roger L’Estrange, Mr. Montague, Sir

Brou n, Mr. Clinkard, Mr. Evelin, Sir Lionell Walden,

Lord Digby, Sir Fra. Clerk, Sir Cha. Holt, Sir Wm. Drake,

Sir Nicolas Bacon, Mr. Essex Strode, Colonel Freind, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir William Cooke, Colonel Finch, Sir Nath. Johnson, Col. Legg, Mr. Richard Berty, Mr. Sand-ford, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir John Godden, Doctor Davenant,

Lord Sherrard, Mr. Tuft on, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Pas-ton, Mr. Browne, Mr. Walden; or any Eight of them:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to pro- importing hibit the Importation of Gunpowder, and small Arms. Gunpowder

c.

A Bill to enable Edward Metier Esquire, to sell Lands, Weller's for Payment of his Debts, was read. Estate.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for clearing, preserving, repairing, and maintain- Yarmouth ing the I Iuven and Pier of Great Yarmouth, was read. Pier-Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for continuing and reviving several Acts made Earl of for Relief of the Creditors of the late Earl of Cleveland’!

was read.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Creditors.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Earl of An Act to enable James Lord Butler, Earl of Ossory in Usury's the Kingdom of Ireland, to make a Jointure to such Emtf-Woman as lie shall marry, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Thomas Lord Bruce, and his Lady Lord Brim and Trustees, to make Leases for raising Money to pay Estate' Debts, and for other Purposes, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, the Second Day of the Sitting of the House after Whitsunday.

Vion"

level

AVJ

W

w

Orders

deferred.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Callington

Return.

Committees.

Ordered, That the several Bills which were appointed A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Coell and Sir to be read this Morning, be read Tomorrow Morning. William Becersham;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Bill for Encouragement of the quaint this House, That their Lordships have agreed to ^ut,<s on Woollen Manufacture, which lies on the Table, be with- the Bill, intituled, An Act for an Imposition upon all "1Iie1’ &c‘ drawn, in order to the Rectifying some Mistakes therein: Wines and Vinegar imported between the Four-and-And that the same be afterwards again presented to the twentieth Day of June 1685, and the Four-and-twentietii House. Day of June j 693.

And that their Lordships have sent to this House a clandestine Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend To- Bill, intituled, An Act disabling Minors to marry without Marriages, morrow Morning, with the Return for Callington. the Consent of their Fathers or Guardians, and against

their untimely Marrying after the Decease of their Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Fathers, in the Places formerly appointed. An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Ditto.

An Act disabling Minors to marry without the Consent And then the House adjourned to Eight of the of their Fathers or Guardians, and against their untimely Clock Tomorrow Morning. Marrying after the Decease of their Fathers, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Buttonmakers within the City of Foreign London, and Parts adjacent, on Beh and bottom.

the Buttonmakers of the Counties of Derby, Dorsett,

Chester, Stafford, and W ancick, and other Places; praying

Leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the Importation of 23 Buttons

i Jac. II. 50 Junii.

729

E*l.

it?,),.

L

i:

'.I;',

L-\

Uil

b.:

brir

Ml

i'X. i

,3).

rt:p

p*

Buttons made of Hair, Glass, Pewter, and other Metals; was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, as was desired.

Woollen Ma- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for nufacture. reviving a former Law, touching the Woollen Manufacture within the West Riding in the County of Yorke.

Reversing

Lord

Stafford's

Attainder.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reversing the Attainder of William late Viscount Stafford, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Expiring Sir John Talbot reports from the Committee appointed

Laws* to inspect and inquire into what Laws are expired, or near

expiring, and to report their Opinions, What Laws are fit to be discontinued, and what to be revived, That the Committee having taken into their Consideration the Matters to them referred, had agreed upon a Report to be made to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where it was again read; and is as follows:

13, 14 Ca. II. cap. 6. — An Act 13 and 14 Car. IIdi, intituled, An Act for inlarging and repairing of common Highways; and also an Act of the Two-and-twentieth Car. IIdl, intituled, An additional Act for the better Repairing of Highways and Bridges; were read over by the Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act of 130 Car. IId' be revived and continued in all the Clauses and Matters therein contained, not repealed or altered by the said additional Act for Repairing of Highways and Bridges,

And whereas there is a Clause in the said last mentioned Act, which impowers the Justices of the Peace to levy and collect a Sum not exceeding Six-pence in the Pound; which Power is, by another Clause in the said Act, restrained to Three Years, ending in 1673: The Committee are of Opinion, That a Clause be inserted for reviving the said Power for Years only.

13, 14 Car. II. c. 9. Upon reading the Act for Relief of poor Officers;

Resolved, That it be reported as the Opinion of this Committee, That this Bill be continued for Five Years; and so to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

13, 14 Ca. II. ca. 12. Upon reading the Act for the better Relief of the poor of this Kingdom;

That it be reported to the House, as the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Act, as to all the Matters therein contained (except what relates unto the Corporations mentioned and constituted thereby), shall extend and be in Force until the Twenty-ninth of May 1692; and to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament then next ensuing, and no longer.

13, 14 Ca. Ildi, ca. 21. Lrpon reading the Act for preventing the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease of passing their Accompts;

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bill be revived, with some further Provision, for the more easy and cheap Passing of their Accompts.

16, 17 Ca. II. ca. 3. An Act for returning of able and sufficient Jurors was read.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That this Act be revived; and to continue for Seven Years, and from thence to continue to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament.

17 Ca. IIV 8. — 22 & 23 Ca. II. ca. 10. An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays was read over by the Committee: And also an Act for the better Settling of Intestates Estates: Which latter Act was explained by a Clause in an Act 290 Car. II.: Both which said Acts, with the said Clause, we find continued in the 30 Car. II. c. 6. intituled, An Act for reviving both the said former Acts: Which said last mentioned Act is near expiring.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Two former Acts be continued for Seven Vol. IX.

Years; and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

19 Ca. II. c. 12. An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation, was read.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That this Act be continued for Seven Years; and to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament.

22, 23 Ca. II. c. 19. An Act to prevent Frauds in the Buying and Selling of Cattle in SmithjicUi, and elsew here.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Act be revived; and to continue for Seven Years; and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

22, 23 C. II. c. 22. An Act for the better and more certain Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That this Act be revived; and to continue for the Space of Seven Years; and from thence to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament.

22, 23 C. II. c, 23. An Act to revive an Act, intituled,

An Act to prevent the Disturbance of Seamen and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal, with some Alterations and Additions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Act be revived; and continue for the Space of Seven Years; and from thence to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament.

22 & 23 Ca. II. c. 26. An Act to prevent the Planting Tobacco in England; and for regulating the Plantation Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Act be revived; and continued for Seven Y^ears; and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors and Administrators of Executors, in their own Wrong.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Act be revived; and continued for Seven Years; and to the End of the First Session of the next Parliament.

Ordered, That it be re-committed to the same Committee, to prepare a Bill or Bills (according to the said Report) for the reviving such of the said Laws, as are reported fit to be revived: And they are to have Power to bring in what Clauses they think most conducing to the just Ends of the said Laws.

Ordered, That the same Committee have Power to present a Bill to this House, for regulating the Printing Press.

A Petition of Robert Fitzgerald, Theophilus Oglethorpe Making Sea Esquires, and others, was read. Water fresh.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting a longer Time in the Use of the Invention of making Sea-water fresh and wholsome; the sole Licence w hereof was, by Letters Patents of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, granted to the Petitioners for Fourteen Years.

A Bill for reviving Two former Acts concerning Coin- Coinage, age, w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to proceed in the Consideration of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill against Scotch Pedlars be read Scotch Tomorrow Morning. Pedlars.

Colonel Birch, attending at the Door, was called in to Army the Bar; gave some Account to the House of the Pro- Accompts. ceedings of the Commissioners appointed by the late Act of Parliament for disbanding the Forces.

A Petition of the Field Officers and Captains of the Regiment of Horse, and the Field Officers of the Regi-8 Y ments

1

Army

Accompts.

St. Andrew’s

llolbornt.

See.

Improving

Tillage.

Price of Wool and Coni.

Army

Accompts.

Cooke's

Estate.

730

5° — 6"

A. 1685.

rhents of Fool, raised after the Twenty-moth Day of Sep- Sir Lionett reports from the Committee to whom Esselbron’.

tember 1677, who were not disbanded by the Commis- the Bill for the Naturalization of John Esselbron, and fcc.Nat. sioners appointed by Act of Parliament, for disbanding ethera, w*s committed, That Ae Committee, having taken the Forces raised since that Time. the same into their Consideration, had agreed to the 9aid

A Petition of Major Henry Collier, Captain Jeyne, and Bill, without any Amendments, their Commission Officers, under the Command of the

A Bill for repealing a certain Clause in an Act, intituled, Bedford An Act for Draining of Bedford Level, was read. Level.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

honourable Colonel Villiers; and a Petition of Colonel Thomas Stradl'ing, and of the Field Officers and other Officers of his Regiment of Foot, who were disbanded the Seventh Day of June 1679 5 were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said several Petitions be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Accompts of the Commissioners for disbanding the late Forces: to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St.

A Bill to enable Protestant Strangers to exercise several Trade of Trades in Westminster, and other Places, befog presented ForeiSn b«-to the House; testate.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie on the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to supply the Defects of the Laws made against Bankrupts.

Bankrupt

Laws.

drezes Holborne; and St. James’, Clerkemeell; was read.

Ordered, That the Members for the City of London do, on Thursday next, give an Answer to the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Supply of some Defects in an Act made in the Two-and-twentieth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed of Cattle: And also for Keeping out of foreign Corn, unless there be need.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of such Remedies as they shall think fit, and offer to this House, to keep up the Price of Wool and Corn.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Meres, Sir William Clifton, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Major de Grey, Sir Win. Honyxcood, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir I Cm. Stephens, Sir Charles Litlcton, Sir James Butler, Sir Mr.

Mellish, Sir John Norton, Sir Tito. Dyke, Sir John Key, Colonel Lee, Sir Ralph Wharton, Mr. Freake, Sir Cha. Gaudy, Sir Fra.Clark, Sir Lionel Walden, Sii Sir Wm. Egerton, Mr Price, Sir Hickman,

Mr. Caleb Banks, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir John Sir Dutlly North, Sir Wm. TzcisdenSir Mr. Wharton, Mr. Pitts, Sir John CotMr. Mr. North, Sir Fra.Russell, Sir Cha. Mr. Pepys,

Mr. Done, Colonel Stranges, Sir John Comcay, Mr. taine, Lee, # Holmes, Mr. Earle, Sir ston, Captain Tuflon, Sir John Banks, Sir Adam Browne,

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Alderman Dinicomb, Mr Mr.

Babington, Sir Fdm. Jennings, Colonel Friend, Colonel Finch, Sir Phil. Egerton, Lord Sherrard, Mr. Hazctry, Sir John Banks, Sir Geo.Winncve, Mr. Crisp, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Fanshazv, Sir Chr. Wren, Sir Anth. Deane,

Mr. Chudleigh, Captain BickerAnd all the Mem-

bers that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Boucher Wray, Sir William Stephens,

Sir John If yime, Col. Strode, Mr. Beare, and Capt. Kirby, be added to the Committee for examining the Accompts of the Commissioners for disbanding the late Forces.

A Petition of Younger Cooke. Esquire, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Younger Cooke Esquire, to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts.

And then the House adjourned till Eight of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, & die Jumi, 1685. 1° Jac. ITdi.

Prayers.

AN TO NY Ayrens this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for clearing, preserving, repairing, and main- yarraoilth taining the Haven and Pier of Great Yarmouth, was read Pier, a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Cooke, Sir Denny Ashburnham, Mr. Recorder of London,

Colonel Freind, Captain Tufton, Sir Hen: Bedingfield, Mr.

Coryton, Colonel Booth, Lord Digby, Mr. Parsons, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir Win. TzcisdenSir Christ. IVrenn, Marquis Worcester, Mr. Frezeen, Mr. Haver, Mr. Pepys,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Lord Brackley, Mr. Azebcry, Sir Tho.

Slingsby, Sir John Rouse, Sir John Ernie, Sir John ther. Sir Dan. Fleming, Mr. Smith, Sir Wm. Honnvtcood,

Colonel Strode, Colonel Finch, Sir Key, Sir John Talbot, Colonel Worden, Sir H m. Admiral Herbert, Sir Ant ho. Deane, Sir Richar Sir

Cordell, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir W Churchill, Major de Gray, Doctor Davciuint, and all Members that serve for the Counties of Notfolk, Suffoand Essex, and the

Cinque Ports; or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Inner Court of Wai ds: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable Edward Meller Esquire to sell Lands, Mel!er’« for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time. Lsute,

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Tredenham, Lord Digby, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr.

Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Ilol/awaMr. Price, Sir Tho. Norton, Sir Roger Lest range, Sir Butler, Mr. Bull,

Mr. Coryton, Mr. Freak, Sir Hoskins, Sir John Chichly, Mr. Etherick, Colonel Windham, Mr. North, Sir John Hoskins, Sir Wm.Clifton, Marquis Worcester, Mr. Montague, Lord Rane/agh, Mr. Goreing, Sir

sey, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Essex Strode, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Porter, Sir Churchill, Sir

Len. Bennett, Colonel Strangcways, Sir Norton: And all that serve for the County of or any Eight of

them: And they are to take Care, that the M ile do consent in Person; and that she have a Ilecompence settled, in lieu of her Jointure, to her Good-liking: And they are to examine the Title of the Lands to be settled; and to see, that the same be indefeasible: And tiiey are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, to enable Earl of James Lord Butler, of Moore Parke, Earl or in the Ossory’i

Kingdom of Ireland, to make n Jointure on such Wo* Estate, man as he shall marry, was read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill he committed to Sir Jamee Butler, Lord Brackley, Lord Bruce, Mr. Sir 'Hugh

Chomley, Mr. Alonsl evens, Marquis Worcester, Mr. Porter, Mr. Fans/unc, Sir Steph. Fox, Sir Robert

Lord Ranelagh, S i r Richard Afidle ton, Mr. Smith, Si IVyche, Lord Continny, Sir Tho. Mr. Pepys, Mr. Hunt, Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Corryton, Sir Winston Churchill, M r. C komley, Mr. Bickerstaffeh urchill,

Sir Henry Beaumont,.Mr. Parker, Sir Tho. Sir

Talbot,

V

CIS

o

L>

}\w

Fee

Or

h\

Ofj

Err

to:

for:

it:.

h

Earl of

Cleaveland’s

Creditors.

Expiring

Laws.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Carriages for Navy and Ordnance.

Reversing Lord Stafford’s Attainder.

Northern

Borders.

i Jac H. - &Junti.

Talbot, Mr. Awbery, Mr. Beare, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Gzvyti, §\r Jos. 'Tredenham, Sir

Mr. Bridgman, Lord Falkland, I.ord Sir Hen.

Goodrick, Sir John Chichly, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Strode, Colonel Strangerways, Mr. Hewer; or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

his Majesty in his Royal Progress and Removals, was read Carriage, for the Third time. *"*

And an Amendment being made at the Table;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty in his Royal Progress and Removals.

Ordered, That Sir John Talbott do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing and reviving several Acts, made for Relief of the Creditors of the late Earl of Cleaveland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Goodrick, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Winst. Churchill, Mr. Hunt, Sir John Talbott, Lord Preston, Lord Midleton, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Tho. Higgins, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Charles Garrett, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Christy, Sir John Lowther, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Christo. Musgrave, Sir Daniel Fleming, Mr. Montague, Mr. Essex Strode, Lord Brackley, Sir Cop. Bamfield, Mr. Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Aubery, Sir NevillCatlyn, Sir Geo. Pudsey, Sir John Hanmer, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gxvyn, Sir Roger L'Estrange, Sir Edw. Herbert, Mr. Price, Lord

Downe, Mr. Dane, Mr. CoSir Tho. Harvey, Sir Dudley North, Sir Cyrill JVyche, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Coryton, Mr. Stnith, Lord Marquiss

Worcester, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Bonython, Mr. Tip-pin, Lord Falkland, Sir Hum. Which, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Bedjord, Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex-, or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inspect and inquire into such Laws as are expired, or near expiring; and to report the same, with their Opinions, to the House, be impowered to bring in a Bill, or Clause, for reviving an Act made 22* Car. II. intituled, An Act for the taking off the Aliens Duties on Commodities of the Growth, Product, and Manufacture of this Kingdom.

A Bill against Hawkers, and Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to revive an Act for providing Carriages for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy and Ordnance, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reversing the Attainder of William late Viscount Stafford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the1 said Bill.

A Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Preston, Mr. Price, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Winston Churchill, Mr. Seymour, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Fairfax, Marquis Worcester, Colonel Oglethorpe, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Parker, Mr. Lampton, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Mathews, Sir Wm. Maynard, Mr. Byerly, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Mr. Kingdon, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Coryton, Mr. Cra-dock, Mr. Stockdale, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmorland, and Durham; or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for providing necessary Carriages for Vol. IX.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Esselbroue’s An Act for Naturalization of John Esselbron, and others, &c-was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir John Lowther do carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

A Bill for erecting a Church in the Parish of St. Ann's, gt. Ann's within the Liberty of Westminster, was read. Parish.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Porter and Mr. have Southw&rke,

Leave to bring in a Bill for erecting One or more Courts &c. Courts of of Conscience for the Borough of Tower Couscienee.

Hamlet, City of Westminster, and other Places within the Bills of Mortality.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in; and having Callington produced the Return for Callington in the County of Election. Cornwall; whereby it appeared, that Sir John Corryton,

One of the present Burgesses for the said Borough, was Mayor of the said Borough at the Time of the Election;

And a Motion being made, That a new Writ do issue, for the Election of another Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of the said Sir John Corryton;

And the House being moved, That he is sick in Cornwall;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write to Sir John Cor-rylon touching the said Matter; and requiring his speedy Answer, before such new' Writ do issue.

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into a Coinage. Committee of the whole House, on Friday Morning next, to consider of the Bill for Coinage.

A Petition of Thomas Cadman, Thomas Whitle, and Hackney others, in Behalf of themselves, and others, Hackney Coaches. Coachmen, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to bring in a Bill for regulating Hackney Coaches.

Ordered, That the Earl of Middleton, Major Darcy, Sir D;tt0 Dudley North, Mr. Essex Strode, Colonel Finch, Sir John Hanmer, Mr. Awbery, Mr. Hanses, Mr. Bonithon, Mr.

Recorder of London, Mr. Kingdon, Mr. Sir Tho.

Meres, Mr. Guy, Sir John Talbott, Mr. Mr.

Arnold, Sir John Hoskins, Sir Rich.May, Lord Preston, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Sir Colonel Oglethorp, Sir Tho.Slingsby, Sir Roger

Air. Geeres, Mr. Coriton, Mr. Cornwall, Serjeant Sir Cha. Litleton, Lord Cornhury. Air. Chiffnch, Mr. Montague, Alarquis Worcester, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Smith, be added to the said Committee: And they are to inquire into that Part of the said Petition, which complains of a Tax lately imposed by the City of London on several Hackney Coachmen; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard May be added to the Com- st. James’ mittee to whom the Bill for the new Parish of St. James Parish, in the County of Middlesex, is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Thomas Lord Bruce Lord

to Bruces EsUU.

Army

Accompts.

Cricklade

Election

Supply Bill; Duty on Tobacco, &c.

7$2

6° — 10° — 11° Junii.

A. 1685.

to make Leases, for raising Money to pay Debts, be read The House then, according to their Order of the Thir- Montgomery a Second time on Saturday Morning next. tieth of May last, proceeded to a Hearing, at the Bar, of E1‘ction-

the Merits of the Election and Return of a Burgess to And then the House adjourned to Wednesday serve in this Parliament for the Town of Montgomery.

Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10° die Junii, 1685. T Jac. IId‘. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reports to the House, That he had received a Letter from Sir Gilbert Gerard, assuring him, That he the said Sir Gilbert would forthwith come to Town, and deliver all his Accompts to the Committee appointed to receive and examine the same.

Sir Chr. Musgrave reports from the Committee of

Elections and Privileges to whom the Matter of the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of ,was referred, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had directed him to make a Report in Writing: Which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, is as follows; viz.

It was agreed by Counsel on all Sides, That the Right of Election for the Borough of Cricklade is in the Freeholders, Copyholders, and Leaseholders, for Three Years.

Whereupon, and altera full Examination of the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Fo.v Esquire, the Sitting Member, is duly elected to serve as a Burgess in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of H ilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Frcake Esquire, the present Member, is not duly elected to serve as Burgess in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Edmund JVebb Esquire is duly elected to serve as a Burgess in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time; Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com

And the Counsel being called in, and heard at large upon the said Matter;

And afterwards being ordered to withdraw;

Resolved, That the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Shire Town of Montgomery, doth not belong to the Burgesses of Montgomery only.

Resolved, That the several Burgesses of the several Boroughs of Llanidloes, Poole, and Ll,in the County

'of Montgomery, have a Right to vote in the Election of

a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Shire Towm of Montgomery.

Resolved, That William Williams Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire Town of Montgomery in the County of Montgomery.

Resolved, That the late Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire Town of Montgomery in the County o t' Montgomery, is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire Town of Montgomery in the County of Montgomery, in the room of the said Mr.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Sir Henry Butler, a Leave of Member of this House, to go into the Country, for Rc- Absence, covery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections and Privi- ^onim‘jtee leges be adjourned. °‘Pnvlltga

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Ctf*

Vj"

Du"'

Tou

Elec

Jovis, 11* die Junii, 1685. 1 IP*.

A1

ment for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That this House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolve;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

Prayers.

BILL for repealing a certain Clause in an Act Btdfunl

..... for Draining of Bedford Level in the County of Level.

mittee, That Charles For Esquire, the Sitting Member, is Northampton, was read a Second time.

duly elected to serve as a Burgess in this present Parlia- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joy. Tre-

— ..... doma Lord Sir John Barker, Mr.

liams Lord Sir Mr. ford, Sir Richard May, Mr. Harrington, Sir John Chick-ley, Sir Justi. Sir Cha. Sir John Wer-

den, Mr. Roger North, Sir Char. Windham, Sir lin, Mr. Sir North, Mr. Or me, Mr.

77/u. Orme, Mr. Metier, Sir Levinas Botnet, Montague, Mr. Wild, Lord Huntington. Sir Lionel Sir John Fogg, Sir Tho. Higgins, 'Sir Geo. Sir Cha.

Rau l'ey, Mr. Harvey, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Northampton, Cambridge, and Suffolk, or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Ethrick reports from the Committee to whom the Meller’i Bill to enable Eduard McUer Esquire to sell Lands, lor Estate. Payment of his Debts, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where they were again

lb

ted

rp , JSir Cha. e eis, ^£0ionej

f Sir Era.Russell,

’ [Sir Edmund Jennings.

Tellers,

j for the Yeas, J for the Noes,

224.

60.

And so it was carried in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Thomas Freake Esquire is not duly elected to serve as a Burgess for the said Borough of Cricklade.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Edmund Webb Esquire is duly elected to serve as a Burgess in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for Crick- read; and, upon the Question severally put, w ere agreed lade, in order to the Amending of the said Return. to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Bill for laying an Imposition on Sugars and Tobacco, ingrossed. for a further Supply to his Majesty towards the Repair of

fii

l«

the Navy, and Ordnance, and Stores for the same, wrasread.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on Friday Morning next

Sir James Butler reports from the Committee to w liom Earl of the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An gory's Act enabling James Lord Butler of Moor Parke, Earl of Estatf‘ 23 Ossory

1

1

ii*

xi.

V-

ni

‘I

Carriages for Navy and Orduauce.

Duty on Tobacco, See.

Cirencester

Election.

Hawkers

and Pedlars.

Cricklade He turn amended*

Simony*

I JAC. II. 11° — I

Ossory in the Kingdom Ireland, to settle a Jointure on such Woman, as lie shall marry, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Third time.

A Bill for reviving an Act, intituled, An Act for providing Carriages, by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy and Ordnance, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Chris. grave, Mr. Corryton, Mr. Chiff Colonel Finch, Sir

Ben. Bathurst, Sir Wm. Fleetwood, Sir Cha. Keymish, Dr. Brady, Sir Chri. Wren, Lord Preston, Sir Dan. Fleming,

Sir Wm.Trumbull, Lord Digby, Sir Nic. Sir

Geo. Pudsey, Sir John Ernie, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Rich. May, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Crafts, Mr. Dolben, Mr. grave, Sir Rick. Haddock, Sir Antlio. Deane, Mr. Bear, Mr. Done, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir John Werden, Mr. Kingdon, Captain Kirkby, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir John Chichley, Lord Demme, Mr. Grahme, Co-

lonel Strode, Mr. Pepys, Sir John Hoskins, Captain Tujton, Sir Cha. Garvdy, Sir John Godden, Mr. Ethrick, Mr. Porter, Mr. Jones; or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Society of Merchants of the City of Bristoll, being presented to the House, mentioning an intended Imposition upon Tobacco and Sugar;

Ordered, That the said Petition be read Tomorrow Alorning, upon the Second Reading of the Bill for such Imposition.

Ordered, That the Alerits of the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, be heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges, on next turday-xhvee-weeks.

A Bill for the better Suppressing of Pedalrs, Hawkers, and Petty Chapmen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Richard Temple, Sir Jos.

Sir John Talbott, Sir Edmund Jennings, Captain Tujton,

Air. North, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Lee, Sir Lit let. ston, Alarquis Worcester, Sir Tho. Yarborough, Sir Cha. Keymcs, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Lord Dorvne, Sir Chr. Musgrave. Sir Dudley North, Sir Ralph Wharton, Sir Wm. Tu-isden, Sir Wm. Honyuvod, Mr. Jones, Lord Clifford, Sir John Key, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Colonel Ogtlthorp, Sir Philip Ege Sir John Fagg, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Reeves, Sir Nath. Nappier,

Colonel Windham, Sir Lewis Palmer, Sir Tho. Aleres, Sir John Lord her, Sir Rich May, Sir Sir

Hoskins, Sir Cha.Gaudy, Mr. Seymour, Air.

Sir Cha. Liileton; or any Eight of them: And all the Alembers that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Clerk of the Crown being called in, amended the Return for Cricklade in the County of Wilts, by taking off the Indenture under the Common Seal of the Borough, whereby Edmund Webb Esquire alone was returned, and by rasing out the Name of Thomas Freak Esquire, and inserting the Name of the said Edmund Webb, instead thereof, in the Indenture read by the proper Officer; whereby the said Air. Freak, together with Charles Fox Esquire, was returned.

A Bill for Suppressing of Simony was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

i" Junii. 733

a Second time on Monday Morning next: And that Counsel be heard at the Bar, upon the Alatter of the said Bill.

Sir John Talbott reports from the Committee appointed Hackney to prepare a Bill for regulating of Hackney Coaches (the t;oacliei* Revenue arising whereby, as to Part thereof, was ordered to be applied to Chelscy (College), That they had prepared such Bill: Which he presented to the House.

And the same being readj and a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the same Committee, upon the Debate of the House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Mackworth, Colonel Earl of

ham, and others, Descendants of the Coheirs of the late Cleayeland’i Lord Hopton, and Creditors of the late Earl of Creditors,

and Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for reviving several Acts made for Relief of the Creditors of the late Earl of Cleaveland, is referred: And they are to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the intended Parish St. Ann's of St. Ann's, within the Liberty of Westminster, to raise l’an311. Aloney to build a Church, to be the Parish Church there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Clar* ges. Sir Edmund Jennings, Lord Preston, Colonel Webb,

Captain Kendall, Mr. Langford, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Lord Hunlingtower, Mr. Peregr. Bet'tie,

Lord Falkland, Sir Charles Gaudy, Sir Ralph Air.

Chiffnch, Sir Fra. Clerk, Sir Dudly North, Mr. Essex Strode, Sir Peter Rich, Mr. Chomlcy, Mr. Price, Sir Hoskins, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Colonel Windham, Sir Tho.

Exton, Sir John Talbot, Mr. Done, Sir William Drake,

Air. Fox, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Lionel Walden, Sir Nath. Johnson, Sir Sam. Dashuvod, and all the Alembers that serve for Middlesex,

Westminster, and Southwark, or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Buttons Foreign was read, - Button*.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Commission and Staff Officers of the Army Forces, raised in the Year 1677, was read. Accompts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee for taking the Accompts of the Commissioners for disbanding the late Forces: And they are to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Merchants trading to Virginia and Puty on Maryland in Tobacco, and to other his Alajcsty’s Planta- r°bacc0* tiens in America, together with the Planters, Dealers, and First Buyers of the said Commodity, being presented to the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition be read Tomorrow Alorning, upon the Second Reading of the Bill for an Imposition upon Sugars and Tobacco.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Alorning.

Veneris, 12* die Junii, 1685. 1 II41.

Praters.

JOHN Gasper Keeling, and several others, took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, this Day, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

|.ord Bruce's Ordered, That the Bill to enable Thomas Lord Bruce h*ut«. to inajce 1^ of Lands, lor Payment of Debts, be read Vol. IX.

Sir Richard Temple reports from the Committee ap- Woollen pointed to consider of such Remedies as they Should think Manufacture.

8 Z fit,

734

12° — 130 Junii. A. 1685.

fit, and offer to the House, to keep up the Pride of Wool and Corn, That the Committee, having taken the Matters to them referred into their Consideration, had agreed upon a Report to be made, and presented to the House, in Writing: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being again read, is as follows; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved to give Leave, That a Bill be brought in, to supply the Defects in an Act 22 Car. II. intituled, An Act for Improvement of Tillage, and Breed of Cattle, to ascertain the Price upon Oath, before the Two next Justices of the County, to the Port, or Place of Importation; and the said Prices to be according to the general Price of such Corn or Grain in the next Market Town adjoining to the said Port, the last Market Day, before such Importation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved to give Leave, That, a Bill be brought in for confining all Persons to wear the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom Six Months in every Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the East India Company, by importing raw and unwrought Silks, is prejudicial to the Woollen Manufacture of England, as to its Vent in Turkey.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Callicoes brought from East India are prejudicial to the Consumption of . Woollen Manufacture both at Home and abroad.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the East India wrought Silks are likewise prejudicial, to the Woollen Manufacture, as to their Vent in Italy and France.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause be inserted in the Bill for Woollen Manufacture, to enforce Women, under the Degree of Gentlewomen, to wear Ilats made of Wool, as formerly.

Resolved, That all Shrouds, hereafter to be used in the Burying of any Person, shall weigh no less than Six Pounds; and that all Bodies hereafter to be buried shall be wrapped in Wool, or Woollen Stuff, weighing Six Pounds, or above.

Resolved, That the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in to that Purpose.

Resolved, That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Manufacture of Wool.'

Resolved, That the present Standard for the Making of Cloth, as also for Making of Stuffs, as to Length, Breadth, and Weight, being subject to many Abuses, be better ascertained.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better Consumption of Wool for the future, all Coaches shall be lined with Woollen Manufacture only: And that the House be moved for a Bill to be brought in accordingly.

To which Report anil Resolves the House, upon the Question, severally agreed.

Ordered, That the same Committee be impowered to prepare and bring in several Bills, according to the said Report.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir James Astry and Dr. Edge'bury;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you down a Bill for the Naturalization of James Oaf ay, and others; to which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill to revive and continue several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Higgins reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for repealing a Clause in an Act for Draining of Bedford Level, was committed, That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had

agreed upon some Amendments to be made, and a Claus* to be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk s Table: Where the said Amendments were again read; and, upon the Question severally put, were agreed to by the House.

The Clause being likewise twice read, was, with an Amendment made at the Table, ..

Ordered, That the Bill, with the said Amendments and Clause, be ingrossed.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That Sir Gillvrt Army Gcrrardwas with him this Morning; and assured him, Accolll;l3, That he would forthwith attend the Committee, appointed to inspect his Accounts of the disbanding the late Forces.

A Bill for an Imposition on Sugars and Tobacco, was Supply riiij read the Second time. Duly <m

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee lotacco.&c. of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Petition of the Merchant Adventurers of Bristoll was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee of the whole House: And that the Parties be called in, and heard by the Committee thereupon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of tire whole House to whom the Bill lor an Imposition on Sugars and Tobacco, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to the same: \V hich he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, and an Amendment made at the Table, wcre~ upon the Question severally put, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Right honourable Charles Marquis of Worcester Brecon, standing up in his Place; and acquainting the House, That Writs. ’ he, being chose to serve in this present Parliament for several Places, did wave his Election for the County of Brecon, Town of Brecon, and Borough of Monmouth’,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Brecon, and of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Brecon, and Borough of Monmouth, in the room of the said Marquis of Worcester.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Sahhati, 13° die Junii, 1685. 1° Jac. 11"".

Prayers.

JffA G DA L E N Pellisari this Day took the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy at the Table, in order to her Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for the D(jf-av-£ Naturalization of James Dufay, and others, was read. Nat.' Resolved \That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition

Rochester, iVc. Waterworks.

Carriages for Navy and Ordnance.

Yarmouth

Pier.

Earl of

Ossory'*

fctatv.

Importing

Gunpowder.

Trades of

Foreign

Protestants.

Duke of

Monmouth's

landing.

Address

tkereou.

xJac. II 13' Januatii. 73$

A Petition oiSlrJokn Men sham, and others, was read. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Conveying of fresh Water through several, Grounds to Rochester and Chatham.

Mr. Coryton reports froni the Committee to whom the Bill for providing Carriages, by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy and Ordnance, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the same: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, were, upon the Question, severally put, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be in grossed.

o

Sir Hairy Bedingjicld reports from the Committee to

whom the Bill for repairing, cleansing, and maintaining the Pier and Haven of Great Yarmouth, was committed,

That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed on some Amendments to be made, and a Clause to be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again severally read; and the Amendments were, upon the Question severally put, agreed to.

The Clause being twice read;

Resolved, That the Clause be rejected.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Lord Butler of Moor Park, Earl of Ossory in the Kingdom of Ireland, to settle a

Jointure on such Woman as he shall mary, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir James Butler do carry up the said Bill to the Lords.

A Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Temple, Lord Castleton, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Chr. Musgreroe, or any Three of them, to draw up an Address according to the said Resolve: And that One Instruction to the Committee be, That his Majesty be desired from this House, to take care of his Royal Person: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber; and prepare the said Address.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, for Preservation Preservation of his Majesty’s Royal Person and Government. pereorf &c

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in, for the Attainder Attainting of James Duke of Monmouth of High Treason. ®,lke of

Ordered, That the Committee last named do prepare omnou and bring in the said Bills: And that Sir Thomas Meres do take care thereof.

Sir John Talbott reports from the Committee appointed Baeknej to prepare a Bill for regulating Hackney Coaches, to <-oac*ie*-whom that Matter was re-committed, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: Which he brought to the Table.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clocks

A Bill to prevent the Importation of foreign Buttons Forei?11 was read a Second time. Buttons*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Serjeant Maynard, Sir Sam. Dashxvood, Mr. ChSir Edmund Jennings, Sir John Wynn, Sir Pcta' Rich, Sir Tho. venor, Col. Egerton, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Wish, Sir Herbert, Sir Wm. Maynard, Mr. Smith, Sir Sir Dan. Fleming, Mr. Marxvood, Sir Dudley North, Mr.

North, Sir Benjamin Bathurst, Mr. Porter, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Rainsford, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Derby, Warwick, Chester, Lancaster, Stafford, and the Members of London: And to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they arc impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable Edward Mclla' Esquire MelW» to sell I-ands to pay Debts, . read the Third time. Estate.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Eduard Meller Esquire to sell Lands for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Sir Winston Churchill do carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable Protestant Strangers to exercise several Trades in the Places therein mentioned, was read. A Petition of the Owners and Masters of English built Shipowner*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ships was read.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Earl of Midletonacquaints the House from his Majesty, That his Majesty had this Morning received Advice, as w ell by Letter from the Mayor of Lyme in Dorsettshii'e, as by Two Messengers come from thence, who had been examined upon Oath, at the Council Table, That the Duke of Monwith the late Lord Grey, was landed in a hostile Manner, with many Men and Arms; and had seized the Fort and Guns, setting up a Standard in the Town, and were listing others.

And the said Letter being produced, and read to the House;

And the said Messengers being called in, and testifying the Truth of the Matter at the Bar of this House;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the most humble

and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty, for his gracious Message to this House, communicating the Landing of the Duke of: And that

this House will stand by and assist his Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes, against the said James Duke of Monmouth, his Adherents and Correspondents, and all Rebels and Traitors, and all others whatsoever, that shall assist them, or any of them.

And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Midleton, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Cha. Mr. Per.Bertie,

Lord Ranclagh, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir John , Sir Jlen. Beaumont, Sir John Talbott, Lord Preston, Sir Rich. V#i., IX.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee____Address ou

to draw up an Address to be presented by this House to Duke of his Majesty, That they had. prepared an Address accord- Monmouth’s ingly: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards deli- ttndlD®' vered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and agreed to by the House; and is as follows;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty’s most Loyal Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, do, with all Duty, return our most humble and hearty Thanks for Your Majesty’s gracious Message, communicated to us by the Earl of Midleton, One of Your Majesty’s Princi-

pal Secretaries of State, of the Invading this Your Kingdom by that ungrateful Rebel James Duke;

and do, with all Duty and Loyalty, and utter Detestation of such Rebels and Traitors, assure Your Majesty, That we are, and always shall be ready, to stand by and assist Your Majesty with our Lives and Fortunes, against the said James Duke of Monmouth, his Adherents and Correspondents, and all Rebels and Traitors; and all others, whatsoever, that shall assist them, or any of them.

And since the Preservation of Your Majesty ’s Person is of the highest Concern to the Peace and Happiness of this Kingdom; we Your most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects do most humbly beseech Your Majesty to take more than

Ordinary

73<S

13° — 15°

A. 1685.

Hawkers and Pedlars,

ordinary Care of Your Royal Person: Which we beseech God long to preserve.

Resolved, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do wait upon his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, When this House may attend him.

Sir Jos. Tredenham reports from the Committee to whom the Bill against Pedlars, Hawkers, and Petty Chapmen, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; and that a Clause be left out of the Bill.

The Amendments being by him read, and delivered in at the Table, where they were again read, were agreed to by the House.

And the Clause being read;

Resolved, That the Clause be left out of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Making salt Ordered, That a Bill for making salt Water fresh, this Water fresh. Day tendered to the House, be read on Monday Morning next.

A Bill for the sole Use and Exercise of a certain Art, Makin? Manufacture, or Invention, of making Sea Water fresh, Water fre, tu sweet, and wholsome, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Christy reports from the Committee to whom the Recovery of Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tytkes. Tythes, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to several Amendments to be made, and a Proviso to be added to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments being again read, were agreed to.

The Proviso, being twice read, was likewise agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments and Proviso, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for General erecting a General Register. Register.

King appoints to be attended.

Caine

Election.

Lord Bruce's Estate.

The Earl of Middleton acquaints the House, That he having attended his Majesty, according to the Order of the House, to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, When thi* House might attend him; his Majesty was pleased to appoint Five of the Clock this Afternoon for this House to attend him, in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall.

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Caine in the County of Wilts, which was to have been heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges on Monday next, be put off for Three Weeks.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Thomas Lord Bruce to make Leases for Payment of Debts, be read a Second time, upon the Return of the Duke of Beaufort out of the Country.

And then the House adjourned to Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Traders and Makers of Bone-lace in Importing the several Counties of this Kingdom, was read. Bone-tic*,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition &c’ be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign Buttons, stands committed: And they are to prepare and bring in a Clause to be added to the said Bill for prohibiting the Importation of foreign Bone-lace: And that all the Members for the Counties of Devon, Wilts, Bucks, and Dorsett, be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of several poor distressed Prisoners for Insolvent Debt, was read. Debtors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of poor distressed Prisoners for Debt.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving an Act for Providing of carriage* for Carriages, by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Navy and Majesty’s Navy and Ordnance, was read the Third time. Orduance.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for providing of Carriages, by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Corryton do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

.Ac?

Ac*

A’-u

.Men

5lp?

IK;

5dj

P«?

of K Ito

Asa

Dak-

Hiri

Post Meridiem.

Thetford ORDERED, That the Merits of the Election for Election. the Borough oiThctford, which was ordered by the House to be heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges this Day, be heard before the said Committee on Tuesday next, in the Afternoon.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the

Clock on Monday Morning.

Luna, 15° die Junii, 1685. 1* Jac. 11*".

I Toniton Writ.

Praters.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from Sir Thomas Putt, desiring, That a new Writ might issue for the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Honilon in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of in the room of the said Sir Thomas Putt, who was Mayor of the said Town at the Time of his Election; and was the proper Officer to whom the Precept was directed; and who returned himself.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and cleansing the Haven Yatmcutk and Pier of Great Yarmouth, was read a Third time. Pier.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for clearing, preserving, repairing, and maintaining the Haven and Pier of Great Yarmouth.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Bedingdo carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for Draining of Lindsey Level Lindsey be reud Tomorrow Morning, after Ten of the Clock. Level.

A Message from the I»rds, by the Lord Chief Baron Duke of Montague and Mr. Baron Gregory; Monmouth*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords, by the King’s Command, D'ftinuw"-have had communicated to them a traiterous Paper, intituled, " The Declaration of James Duke of mouth," &c.; upon which they have made this Order:

And their Lordships desire the same may be returned to them, as soon as the same shall have been read, in regard it is to be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman, this Day, at One of the Clock.

The said treasonable Paper, styled, " A Declaration of James Duke of Monmouthand also the said Order; being read to the House;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Lords: And that the said traiterous Paper be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman accordingly.

Ordered, That the Lord Ranelagh do carry back the said treasonable Paper, and the said Resolve, to the Lords.

ill.

Ciffl

H

1 fit

bp

I®

Itr

Ats

*3

k.

Answer to Address.

Attainting Duke of Monmouth.

Supply Bill; Duty on Sugar, &c.

Preservation of King's Person, &e.

Attainting Duke of Monmouth.

Committees.

Bedford

Level.

Importing

Candles

Leave of Absence.

i Jac. II. 15* — i<S° Jmii. 717

Mr. Speaker reports to the House, That he having attended his Majesty, with the House, on Saturday last in the Afternoon, with an humble Address, his Majesty was pleased to return a gracious Answer to this Effect; viz.

That he did thank this House for their loyal Address, and particularly for their Care of his Royal Person; that he would venture his Life in Defence of his People, and for their Peace; and he did not doubt, but, with God’s Blessing, and the Assistance of his loyal Subjects, to repel all Traitors and Rebels.

A Bill for the Attainder of James Duke of Monmouth of High Treason, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was then read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be forthwith ingrossed.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, desiring their Lordships to sit for a Short time; for that this House hath Matters of Importance to communicate to their Lordships: And that the Lord Bruce do go up with the Message.

An ingrossed Bill for an Imposition on Sugars and Tobacco, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Imposition upon Tobacco and Sugars imported between the Four-and-twentieth Day of June One thousand Six hundred Eighty-five, and the Four-and-twentieth Day of June One thousand Six hundred Ninety-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill for the Preservation of his Majesty’s Person, do add a Clause in the said Bill, declaring it High Treason for any Person to assert the Legitimacy of James Duke of Monmouth, or his Title or Pretence to the Crown.

An ingrossed Bill for the Attainder of James Duke of Monmouth of High Treason, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contrudkcnlc. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to attaint James Duke of Monmouth of High Treason.

Ordered, That the Earl oiAncram do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, praying him to issue his Royal Proclamation, promising a Reward of Five thousand Pounds to any Person that shall bring in the Body of James Duke of Monmouth, dead or alive.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit this Afternoon, in the respective Places formerly appointed.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing a Clause in an Act for draining Bedford Level, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing a Clause for Dividing of Commons, in an Act of Parliament made in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Settling the Draining of the Great Level of die Fens, called Bedford Level.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Higgins do carry up the said Bill to the Lords, for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for prohibiting die Importation of Foreign Tallow Candles, be read Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Dockw a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Vo 1. IX.

Martis, 16* die Junii, 1685. 1° Jac. II.

Prayers.

A NNE Hevesen Cornwall, the Wife of Henry Com* wall Esquire, did, this Day, take the Oaths of Alle* giance and Supremacy, at the Table, in order to her Naturalization.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Levine Attainting and Mr. Jusdce Walcott; Duke of

Mr. Speaker, We are commanded by the Lords to ac- Monmo"th-quaint this House, That they have concurred with this House in the Bill, sent up from this House for the Attainder of James Duke of Monmouth, without any Alteration.

Ordered, That Sir John Burlace and Sir Earl of

Trumball be added to the Committee to whom the Bill Cleveland’* for Relief of the Creditors of the late Earl of r* 1 "*

land stands committed.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Younger Cooke Cookt’s Esquire to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, be read Estate-To-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for conveying fresh Water to Rochester, Rochester and Chatham, be read Tomorrow Morning. *'j.kjVater'

A Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Importing Tallow Candles, was read. Candle*.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to revive and continue several Laws expired, and near expiring, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Holt, Mr. Parker, Mr. Ethrick, Sir John Talbott, Mr.

Christy, Mr. Tippin, Mr. I law trey. Sir Edw. Windham,

Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Head, Mr. Chud/eSir John Norton, Sir Tho. Russell, Sir Wm. HonyxMr. Sand ford, Mr. Musgrave, Mr. Hanses, Mr. Sir Gilbert

Clerk, Lord Digby, Sir Nicolas Bacon, Sir Cha. Rowley,

Sir Edmund Jennings, Mr. Bickerstajf'e, Mr. Per. Bertie, Mr. Wogan, Sir Will. Twisden, Mr. Hodges, Mr.

brooke, Mr. Lampion, Sir Cha. Gaudy, Sir John Rovres,

Sir Richard Temple, Colonel Lee, Sir Hoskins, Colonel Windham, Sir Lewis Palmer, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Beare, Mr. Montague, Sir James Butler, Sir Richard May, Sir Dan.Planing, Mr. Shear, Sir lien. Gosse, Mr.

Duncombe, Lord Don ne, Sir Roger Cave. Sir Cha. rard, Mr. Geres, Marquis Worcester, Mr Mr.

Smith, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Coryton, Mr. Pomeroy, Mr.

Essex Strode, Mr. Guy, Mr. Kingdon, Sir Phil. Egerton, Mr. Done, Sir Peter Rich, Mr. And all the Members of the Long Robe, or any Eight of them:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to prohibit the Importation of Gunpowder and Importing Small Arms, was read a Second time. Gunpowder,

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Sir Chr. &c‘ Musgrave, Sir Ed. Jennings, Lord Downe, Sir Rich.

Temple, Sir Dan. Fleming, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir John Chieh/ey, Mr. Musgrave, Mr Fleetwood, Mr. Bickerstajf'e, Mr. Montague, Mr. Pepys, Sir Hen. Gojf'e, Sir Richard tHaddock, Mr. Smith, Sir Edw.jHamcll, Lord Preston, Mr.

Rich.Grahm, Mr. Coryton, Mr. Tippin, Mr. Shaw, Sir Dudley North, Mr. Ashburuham, Mr. Mr.

Per. Bertie, Mr. Grenvile, Mr. Bridges, Sir Deane,

Mr. Dolben, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Sir Cha. Gaudy,

Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Wogan, Sir Sir Tho.

Yarborough, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Hen. Beaumont,

Sir Edw. Nevill, Sir Wm. Trumball, Mr. Sir

John Hoskins, Sir John Norton, Mr. Hanses, Sir Ben. Bathurst, Colonel Strode, Mr. Fanshaw, Sir Ashburn-

ham, Mr. Hodges, or any Eight of them: And they are 9 A to

J

Tfortlwm

Borden.

It

.1

Supply Bill; Duty on Sugar, &c.

Message to attend, the King.

Lindsey

Level.

Foreign Protestants Xat.

Hackney

Coaches.

Woollen

Manufacture*

Exporting

Wool.

75®

id0- — 17* Junii. 1685.

to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Marquis of Worcester reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for Continuance of Three former Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon an Amendment to be made: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir James and Dr. Edsbury;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this flouse, That they have passed the Bill for an Imposition on Sugars and Tobacco, sent them up from this House, without any Alteration or Amendment.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

A Bill for draining Lindsey Level was read.

The Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth, rp , f Sir Orlando Gee,

Tdl'rs'iii,-. in

1

'indham,

Tellers /Lord Castleton, 1 - , N

leiius, jgir Hcn Goodrich 101 the INocs’

And so it passed in the Negative.

for the Yeas, 32.

280.

Tellers

A Petition of divers poor French Protestants, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for a general Naturalization of such Protestants as are now settled in England and Wales, and the Town of Berw upon and the Isles of Jersey and Guernsey; and such as, in a Time to be limited, shall come from beyond Sea; was read.

The Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, as is desired;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

fSir Rich. Temple,

[Sir Fra. Russell,

.p f Colonel Phil lips.

Tellers, |kjr Gmhm<

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That a Bill be prepared, and brought in, upon the Debate of the House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Tcmple, Sir Goodrich, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Mr. Lord Preston,

Mr. Pepys, Sir Tho. J\feres, Sir Tho. Sir John

Lowther, Lord Digby, or any Three of them, to prepare the said Bill: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

for the Yeas, 156. for the Noes, 114.

A Bill for Regulating of Hackney Coaches, being presented to the House;

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

' o

A Bill for Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for preventing the Transportation of Wool, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of Sir Christ. Claphamwas read. Earl of

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Cleveland* be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for Relief r* ltor8, of the Creditors of the late Earl of stands

committed; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for Whitchurch

church in the County of Southampton, which Should have Election* been heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges on Monday next, be put off, and heard before the said Committee, the First vacant Day after the several Days of Hearing, appointed by the Committees.

A Petition of Dr. Barbon being presented; Hackney

Ordered, That the said Petition be read Tomorrow Coacte8* Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant Steyning to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wnt Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning in the County of Sussex, in the room of Henry Goreing Esquire deceased.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Me rear'd, 17* die Junii, 1685.

Prayers.

rP HIS Day Martin May, Frederick Henry Ligh-X. tcr/nan, and James Raillardtook the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, at the Clerk’s Table, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of Dr. Barbon was read. Hackney

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Coaches, be referred to the Committee appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for regulating Hackney Coaches; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Weavers of the City of London, and Weaver* Parts adjacent, was read; praying a Bill might be Trade, brought in for the Preservation of that Trade or Craft.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, as is desired.

Sir Christopher Musgrave reports from the Committee Thetford of Elections and Privileges, to whom the Matter of the Election. Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford, was referred. That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon Three Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Table; where they, being again read, are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of Election is in the Mayor; Burgesses, which are Ten; and in the Commonalty, or Common Council, which are Twenty; amounting in the Whole, to One-and-thirty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Joseph Williamson is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That William de Gray Esquire is duly elected to seive in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford.

TJ»e First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election is in the Mayor; Burgesses, which are Ten; in the Commonalty, or Common Council, which are Twenty; amounting, in the Whole, to One-and-thirty.

The

Ctfi

Cstf

\2V]

O'

fc'J

t..J

Pi-1

Sup

Carriages the King.

Carriages Navy and Ordnance.

Cooke’s

Estate.

St. Ann’s Parish.

Supply.

i Jac. II. 170 — 18° Junii. 739

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second as have been built within the Compass of the late general t*n,e; Fires in the City of London and Borough of Southwark.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- Resolved, That the House be moved for Leave to be mittee, That Sir Joseph Williamson is duly elected to serve given to bring in a Bill, That no new Buildings be erected

in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford. upon new Foundations, which are not already laid.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second Resolved, That the House be moved for Leave to bring time; in a Bill, according to the said several Resolutions.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- The First of the said Resolves being read a Second mittee, That William de Gray Esquire is duly elected to time;

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-Theiford. mittee, That a Tax be laid upon new Buildings erected

Ordered, That the Mayor of Thetford, or his Deputy, upon new Foundations, do attend this Day Sevennight; and bring up the Com- The Second of the said 'Resolves being read a Second mon Seal of the Borough of Thetford-, in order to the time;

amending the Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Corn-Parliament for the said Borough. mittee, That the said Tax be laid upon such new Buildings

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Hoskins and Dr. Edsbury;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have passed Two Bills; the One intituled, An Act for providing necessary Carriages for his Majesty’s Royal Progress and Removals: And the other intituled, An Act for the Reviving of Two Acts, for Providing of necessary Carriages, by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty’s Navy and Ordnance, without any Alteration or Amendment.

A Bill to enable Younger Cooke Esquire to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Edmund Jennings reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for Erecting of a Church in the Parish of Saint Anns, within the Liberty of Westminster, was committed, That the Committee taking the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to the said Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being again read, were, upon the Question severally put, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty towards his present extraordinary Expence for suppressing the Rebellion of the late Duke of Monmouth, and the pretended Earl of Argylt;

Resolved, That a Supply be given to his Majesty for his present extraordinary Occasions, for suppressing the Rebellion of the late Duke of Monmouth, and the pretended Earl of Argy/e.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, appointed to consider of a Supply for his Majesty, That the Committee, having taken the same into Consideration, had agreed upon several Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Tax be laid upon new Buildings erected upon new Foundations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Tax be laid upon such new Buildings as have been erected upon new Foundations, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Sixty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Tax be laid upon all such new Buildings as have been erected upon new Foundations, within the Limits of the Bills of Mortality, except all such Houses Vo L. IX.

as have been erected upon new Foundations, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Sixty.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the said Tax be laid upon all such new Buildings as have been erected upon new Foundations, within the Limits of the Bills of Mortality, except all such Houses as have been built within the Compass of the late general Fires in the City of London, and Borough of Southwark.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a Bill be brought in according to the said several Resolutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Richard Temple, Master of the Rolls, and Sir Tho. Mr.

Wogan, Mr. North, or any Three of them, do prepare and bring in a Bill, according to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Norwich,a Member of this Leave of House, have Leave to go into the Country: And that Absence* the Hearing of the Merits of the Election of Knights to Northamp-serve in this present Parliament for the County of North- ton Election. arnpton be put off till next Saturday come Three Weeks.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply, at Ten of the Clock, again resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of a Supply to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Joiis, 18* die Junii, 1(585. 1* Jac. Ildl.

Prayers.

A BILL for Improvement of Tillage, and Breed of Improving Cattle, was read. Tillage.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordeml, That the Committee appointed to inspect and Expiring inquire into what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinions, What Laws are fit to be discontinued; and what to be revived; be revived; and do meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed: And that Sir lien.

Mr. Hodges, Mr. Montague, Mr. Smith, Mr. Coryton,

Doctor Permit, Mr. Ethrick, Sir John Mr.

Hanses, Sir Roger Lestrangc, Sir Roger Cave, Mr. llyves,

Mr. Parsons, Mr. Ashburnham, be added to the said Committee: And the said Committee is impoyered to prepare and bring in a Clause or Bill for Regulating of Printing and Printing Presses; and a Clause or Bill for Exportation of Beer, Ale, and Mum; and also a Clause or Bill to revive an Act, made in the Seventh Year of King James the First, against tlje unseasonable Burning of Moor.

A BUI

740

18® Junii.

A. 1685.

Peilisarii's &c. Nat.

Wye and Lugg Navigation.

Roche* ter, &c. Waterworks.

And an Amendment being made in the said Resolve, at the Table, by adding the Words " pursuant to the Vote of this House," after the Word " taxed," before the Words " and will;" and by adding the Word " full" after the Word " Years," and before the Word " Value Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee (with the said Amendments).

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to bring in A Bill for Conveying of fresh Water to Rochester and an Estimate of what new Buildings, intended to be taxed

A Bill for Naturalization of Magdalen and

others, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Rivers of Jlye and Lugg in the County of Hereford navigable.

Leave of Absence.

Message from the King — Adjournment and Supply.

Chatham, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John a Member of this

House, have Leave to go into the Country.

One

delivered in Writing: as follows:

Supply.

Supply.

pursuant to the Vote of this House, will raise at One

Year’s full Value.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Bonython, Sir Antho. Dean, Sir Mr.

Clinkard, Mr. Common Serjeant, Sir Tho. , Sir

Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Mr. Per. Bertie, Mr.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Earl of Middleton, sons, Marquis Sir Butler, Mr.

le of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, was Mr. Courtney, Colonel Mr. Guy, Lord Willoughby,

Which being read to the House, is Mr. Essex Strode, Mr. Tipping, Sir William Wren, Lord

Preston, Sir Church, Colonel Oglethorpe, Sir

Mr. Serjeant Wynn, Mr. Sir John

Wynn, Mr. Alderman Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr.

Surveyor, Sir Peter Rich, Sir Clarke, Mr.

Sir Gilbert Clark, Mr. Done, Sir John Ernie, Sir Wm.

me At 1 r fir Sir Stephen Fox, Sir Peter Rich, Sir Peter Daniel,

HIS Majesty judges it necessary for the Good of His Mr M sfr Lord Falkland, Mr.

Service, that the Gentlemen of this House (on whose Mr. Sir

Loyalty and Affect.on lie depends, where-ever they are) R. sirjo/m IIoskws Sir Lord Digby,

Should be present m their respective Countries; and Mf / Mr Mr. Mr. Pashm, Sir

therefore designs there Should be a Recess in a very few Ch(J Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bridgman; or any Five

Days: But because the Rebellion in the West will of them. And the are to meet at three of the Clock occasion an extraordinary Expence, His Majesty desires this in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are

there may be a good Fund of Credit provided for a pre- h vered to send for Persons> Papers and Records, sent bum or Money, to answer the immediate Charge His

Frt»

It?

u

Duchy of

Cornwall

Leasing.

Exporting

Leather.

Majesty must be at: And, to the end none of the Bills new depending may be prejudiced, His Majesty is pleased, that this Separation shall be an Act journment, and for some Short time only. Given at our Court at Whitehall, the Eighteenth Day of June 1G85.

Resolved, That a Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, be given to his Majesty, for his present extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Franklyn;

Mr. Speaker, the Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have passed Two Bills; the One intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Grants and Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Highness’ Duchy of or

annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made: The other intituled, An Act for Transporting of Leather; which was sent up from this House; with an Amendment; to which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Roger North do prepare and bring Fr(nch in a Bill for taking off the Prohibition of the Importation wines, &c. of French Wines and Vinegar.

The Amendment made by the Lords to the ingrossed Exporting Bill, sent up from this House, for the Exportation of Leather. Leather, was twice read, and is as follows:

Line 26, instead of the Word " Seven," insert the Word "Three."

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jennings, do carry up the said Bill; and acquaint the Lords with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendment.

A Bill towards Repairing and Rebuilding of the Ca- Rebuilding the dral Church of St. Paul's, London, was read. St. Paul s.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ef

Tiu

An ingrossed Bill, sent dow n from the Lords, intituled, Clandfstine An Act to disable Minors to marry without the Consent Marriages, of their Fathers or Guardians; and against their untimely Resolved, That the Consideration of his Majesty’s marrying after the Decease of their Fathers; was read a Message, this Day sent to this House, be referred to a Second time.

for the Yeas, 171.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers /^?r’ E the rick, T

’ (Sir Winston Churchill, J

'""‘’{mI: xSm, }for Nocs- »6-

And so it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Meres, Mr EssexSlrode, Sir Thom S'ivTho. Norton,

Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, according to the Order made Yesterday, immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Flouse, to consider of a further Supply for his Majesty’s present extraordinary Occasions, and of his Majesty’s Message.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of Sir Chr. Musgrave, Lord Vaughan, Sir Fra.

the whole Flouse, appointed to consider of his Majesty’s Clarke, Mr. Paston, Mr. Ash, Mr. Done, Sir Message, and of a Supply for his Majesty’s present ex- rick, Mr. Hanses, Mr. Gwyn, Serjeant Maynard, Mr. traordinary Occasions, That the Committee, having Sir Hen. Bedingfield, Lrord Castleton, Colonel

taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon Strode, Lord Bruce, Sir James Butler, Mr. Christy, Sir a Resolve: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards Edward Mr. Wild, Mr. Tipping, Dr. Brady, Mr.

delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Dr. Sir Marquis /For-

being again read, is as follows: cester. Sir John Wynn, Mr. Lee, Mr. Hodges, Sir John

Resolved, That the House be moved, That a Committee Hoskins, Sir Charles Gau dy, Sir Char. Holt, Sir Antho. be appointed to bring in an Estimate, What new Build- Deane, Mr. Freake, Mr. Pepys, Mr. Beare, Mr. Smith, ings intended to be taxed w ill raise at One Year’s Value. Mr. Dolben, Sir Tho. Exton, Sir Dan. Fleming, Sir Wm.

24 Trumball,

til';

Con

Leo

s

French Commodities.

Exporting

Wool.

Recovery of Ty thes.

Duchy of Cornwall Leasing.

Exporting

Wool.

i Jac.II.

i 8" — 15 fJnnii.

74i

Trumball, Mr. North, Mr. Ethrick, Sir "Richard Lloyd, Sir Ralph Vemey, Sir Cha. Rowley, Sir Winston Churchill, Lord Falkland, Lord Buckleigh, Lord Willoughby, Mr. Bowles’, or any Eight of them: And all that1 come are to have Voices: Ana the Care thereof is particularly recommended to Mr. Serjeant Maynard, to take care of the Bill: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repealing certain Clauses in an Act made 29° and 30* of King Charles the Second, for prohibiting several French Commodities, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Seymour, Sir HughAckland, Sir Robert Brookes, Mr. Bull, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Kelland, Sir Haswell Tynt,

Mr. Christy, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir John Lowther, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Edmund Jennings, Mr. Peregrine Bertie, Mr. Hanses, Sir Wm. Sir Deny

Ashburnham, Sir Hen. Mane Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Lee, Sir Orlando Gee, Lord Falkland, Sir Fra. Clark, Sir John Ernley, Mr. Sand ford, Sir John, Banks, Mr. Palmer, Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Steph. Sir Metcalfe Robinson, Serjeant Maynard, Sir John Fogg, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Rich.Bertye, Sir Wm. Mr.

Warcinjr, Mr. Ryves, Mr. Freake, Sir James,

Air. Mellish, Sir Antho. Chester, Sir Tho. Dyke, Air.

Dolben, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Cha. Bertie, Alarquis W<wester: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for the more speech/ and easy Recovery of small Tythes, was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Proviso being presented to the House, to he added to the said Bill;

The said Proviso was read Three times.

Resolved, That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Proviso, do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of small Tythes, and other Dues, by Rectors and Vicars.

Ordered, That Sir John L do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Alorning.

Sir William Trumball reports from the Committee to Importing whom the Bill to prohibit the Importation of Gunpowder Gunpowder, and small Guns, wascommitted, That the Committee, hav- &c* ing taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and were, upon the Question, severally agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for conveying fresh Water to Rochester and Rochester, Chatham, was read a Second time. &c. Water-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Banks, wor s"

Mr. Bickerstaffe, Lord Castleton, Sir Daniel Flemming,

Mr. Fitzwilliams, Colonel Lee, Mr. Air. Banks,

Sir Charles Gawdy, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Lord Digby, Sir Wm. Twisden, Sir Wm. Trumball, Sir John Knatchbull,

Colonel Finch, Mr. Parker, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Essex Strode, Lord Demme, Colonel Og, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Wm. Honnytcood, Sir John Hoskins, Sir George Winneve, Captain Ttifton, Mr. Pepys, Sir John Chichley,

Sir Fra. Clark, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Bridgeman, and all the Alembers that serve for the County of Kent; or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Encouragement of the Woollen Manufac- Woollen ture, was read a Second time. Manufacture.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Norton, Sir John Banks, Sir Hen. Goodrick, Alarquis Worcester, Sir Char. Rawley, Air SAir. Bertie, Sir John Knatchbull, Sir Wm.Twisden, Colonel Lee, Sir John Lowther, Sir Wm. Trumball, Mr. Hide, Mr. Jones,

Sir J\lich. Wentworth, Sir Wm.Hoimywood, Sir John Mathezvs, Mr. Wharton, Sir Ben. Air. Done, Mr. Seymour, Sir James Butler, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Wild,

Sir John Reresby, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Peter Daniel, Lord

Brack/cy, Sir Denny Ashburnham, Mr. St. John, Air.

Parker, Sir Antho. Deane, Sir Wm. Blackett, Sir Nevill Catlyn, Sir William Cooke, Mr. Essex Strode, Sir Wm.

Gu/ston.Sir John Ernie, Sir Tho. Byde, Mr. Paston, Sir

John Moore, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Ben. Bathurst, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Sam. Dashwood,

Air. Coryton, Mr. Bull, Mr. Ryves, Mr. Fanshazv, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Haswell Tint, Sir Chr. JVren, Mr. Freake, Mr. Serjeant Wynn, Sir Edmund Windham, Sir Littleton Osbaldcston; or any Eight of them:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Veneris, 19° die Junii, 1685. 1° Jac. IId'. Prayers.

THIS Day Cornelius Talltook the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy at the Table, in order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, Hereditaments, Parcel of his Highness’ Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool, is committed; to examine the Alatter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Vol. IX.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Mdes Cooke and Post Office. Sir John Francklin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that they have passed a Bill, intituled,

An Act for consolidating the Estates Tail, and Reversion in Fee, which his Majesty hath in the Post Office, and Twenty-four thousand Pounds per Annum, of the hereditary Excise; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

A Bill for erecting a Register was read. General

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Register.

A Bill to supply the Laws against Bankrupts was read. Bankrupt

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Law*.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, p0»t Office. An Act for consolidating the Estates Tail, and Reversion in Fee, which his Majesty hath in the Post Office, and Twenty-four thousand Pounds per Annum, of the hereditary Excise, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for Preservation of his Majesty’s Person and Preservation Government, was read. of KiBg'i

9B Per8on>&c-.

Expiring

taws.

Leave of Absence.

St James’ Parish.

Earl of Powis’House.

Berks

Election.

19* — ioa Junii. 1685.

743

Resolved, &c. That the said Bill be now read a Second time.

The said Bill being accordingly read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, to proceed in the Consideration of the said Bill.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for Reviving and Continuing of several Laws expired, and near expiring, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, were severally agreed to.

And Three several Clauses being tendered to be added to the Bill, they were, after having been twice severally read, and some Amendments made thereto at the Table, severally agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said several Clauses be added to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the said several Amendments and Clauses, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Franklin;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to ac- Sivery’j quaint you, that they have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act ^ame> to enable Isaac Savery, of the City of Exeter, Gentleman, to take upon him the Surname of Searle alias Serle; to which they desire the Concurrence of the House.

And that they have agreed to Two Bills sent up from Yarmouth this House; the One, intituled, An Act for clearing, pre- p‘tr-serving, maintaining, and repairing the Pier of Great Yarmouth; the other, intituled, An Act to enable Ed- MelleP* ward Mellerto sell Lands for Payment of his Debts;

without any Alteration.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Exporting prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, was committed, do Wo°h sit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that the Lord Digby and Sir Charles Holt be added to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Post Offic*. An Act for consolidating the Estates Tail, and Reversion in Fee, which his Majesty hath in the Post Office; and Twenty-four thousand Pounds per Annum, of the hereditary Excise; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Third time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lau rence and Captain Levcson, An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Duchy of Members of this House, have Leave to go into the An Act to enable his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, Cornwall Country. and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel *jeasin§-

of his Highness’ Duchy of or annexed to the

And then the House adjourned to Niue of the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already Clock Tomorrow Morning. made; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Third time.

Sabbati,20* die Junii, 1685. 1° Jac. II41. Pray e as.

SIR Thomas Clarges reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting a new Parish at James's in the County of Middlesex, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon several Amendments to be made to the Bill; and that several Clauses Should be left thereout: Which Amendments he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again read; and, upon the Question, severally put, agreed to by the House.

The Clauses, reported fit to be left out of the Bill, being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the said Clauses be left out of the Bill. And a Motion being made for leaving out another Clause;

And the said Clause being twice read;

Resolved, That the said Clause be left out of the Bill. Ordered, That the said Bill, with the several Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklin and Sir Adam Oally;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that they have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Earl of House in Lin-

eal tie's Inti Fields, lately demolished by Fire: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Sir Christopher Musgravereports from the Committee of Elections and Privileges to whom the Matter of the Election of Knights to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berks, wras referred, That they had directed him to acquaint the House, that the Petition of the Earl of Sterling being read to the Committee; and the Counsel of the other Side attending; but that neither the said Earl, nor any for him, appeared, nor prosecuted his said Petition.

Resolved, That the Earl of Sterling's Petition be dismissed.

A Bill for the Naturalization of Magdalen Pdlisari’s,

and others, was read a Second time. &c- Nat

Resolved, That this Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Goodrich-, Lord Preston, Sir Cha.Sir John ther, Sir IVtn. Tzvisden, Mr. Cornu-all, Sir John Mr. Pepys, Sir Tho. Yarborough, Lord Downes, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Pope, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Sandfonl, Sir

JohnIVynn, Mr. Stanley, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho.

Dyke, Mr. Musgrave, Sir John Lord Falk-

land, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Essex Strode, Sir Jos. Tre-

denham, Mr. Ryves, Mr. Seymour, Sir Sir

Den.Ashburnham, Sir Lionel I Gulden, Sir Clark,

Sir IVm. Trumbull; or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bonython, the Chairman of the Committee ap- Tax on new

pointed to bring in an Estimate, What new Buildings to Bu.lduigs, be taxed, pursuant to the Vote of this House, will raise, ft£C< at One Year's full Value, being called upon to make his Report, acquainted the House with w hat Progress the Committee had made therein; and that it would take up some Time to prepare and finish such Estimate.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve Ways and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Means, of a Fund to raise a Sum for the Supply to his Majesty, not exceeding Four hundred thousand Pounds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee having taken into their Consideration the Matters to them referred, had agreed upon several Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same being read, are as follows:

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Imposition be laid on French Linen.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That French Linen do pay double Duties, according to ’ the Rates mentioned in the Books of Rates.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Imposition be laid on all Brandies imported.

4. Resolved,

o

i Jac. II.

20* — 22° Junii.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all single Brandies pay double the Duties what it now pays.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Brandy above Proof do pay double the Duty which is now to be laid on single Brandy.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Imposition be laid on all home-made Spirits, and Strong Waters, of Four Pence per Gallon above what they now pay.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty be laid on all Callicoes, and all other Linen imported from the East Indies.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Callicoes, and all other Linen imported from the East Indias, pay Twelve Pence per Piece above what they now pay; to be repaid upon Exportation.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Imposition belaid on all wrought Silks imported from the East Indyes.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all wrought Silks imported from the East Indyes do pay Ten Pounds per Centumy in the Value thereof, above what they now pay.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Imposition be laid on all wrought Silks, and other Stuffs manufactured in France.

i 2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all wrought Silks, and other Stuffs manufactured in France, do pay Ten Pounds per Centum, in the Value thereof, above what they now pay.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Imposition be laid on all other Foreign wrought Silks, imported from any Place whatsoever.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all other Foreign wrought Silks, imported from any Place whatsoever, do pay Seven Pounds per Centum above what they now pay.

Resolved, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, according to these Resolutions.

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That an Imposition be laid on French Linen.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That French Linen do pay double Duties, according to the Rates mentioned in the Book of Rates.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That an Imposition be laid on all Brandies imported.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That all single Brandy do pay double the Duty what it now pays.

The Fifth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That all Brandy above Proof do pay double Duties, which is now to be laid on single Brandy.

The Sixth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That an Imposition be laid on all home-made Spirits, and Strong Waters, of Four Pence per Gallon above what they now pay.

The Seventh of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a further Duty be laid on all Callicoes, and all other Linen imported from the East Indias.

The Eighth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That all Callicoeg, and other Linen imported Vql. IX.

743

from the East Indias, pay Twelve Pence per Piece above

what they now pay; to be repaid upon Exportation.

The Ninth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That an Imposition be laid on all wrought Silks imported from the East Indias.

The Tenth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That all wrought Silks, imported from the East Indias, do pay Ten Pounds per Centum, in the Value thereof, above what they now pay.

The Eleventh of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That an Imposition be laid on all wrought Silks, and other Stuffs manufactured in France.

The Twelfth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That all wrought Silks, and other Stuffs manufactured in France, do pay Ten Pounds per Centum, in the Value thereof, above what they now pay.

The Thirteenth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That an Imposition be laid on all other Foreign wrought Silks, imported from any Place whatsoever.

The Fourteenth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That all other Foreign wrought Silks, imported from any Place whatsoever, pay Seven Pounds per Centum above what they now pay.

Resolved, That a Rill be brought in according to the said several Resolutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do prepare and bring in the said Bill: And that it be an. Instruction in drawing the Bill, that the several Duties aforesaid, payable ..upon Importation, be repaid upon Exportation.

And then the House adjourned to Eight of the Clock on Monday Morning next.

Lima, 22° die Junii, 1685. 1° Jac. IIdi.

Ordered, That Mr. Kinaston and Mr. Orme, Members Leave of of this House, have Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Woollen encouragement of the W oollen Manufacture, is committed. Manufacture.

be

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Earl of

An Act for rebuilding the Earl of s House in Powis’House Lincolnes Inn Fields, lately demolished by Fire, was read.

Resolved, See. That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Natu- Dufay’s, &c. ralization of James Dufay, and others, was read a Second bat. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Fanshaw, Sir John Brampston, Mr. Paston, Sir

JVm. Drake, Sir Fra. Clark, Sir Lionell Walden, Sir Slanning, Sir Benjamin Ncxcland, Sir John Fogg, Mr.

Beare, Mr. Pepys, Mr. Hexccr, Sir John Barker, Sir

Taylor, Mr. Parker, Mr. Etherick, Sir Nath. Johnson,

Sir Tho. Noi'ton, Sir Geo. Winneve, Sir JVm. Cooke, Lord Preston, Sir John Norton, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir John Hoskins, Mr. Tippin, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Cha. Gaudy, Mr. Essex Strode, Sir William Trumball, Lord Digby, Sir Hen. Marxcood, Mr. Clinkard, Mr. Beare, Sir Charles Holt, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Ben. Bathurst, Sir Wm. Gulston, Mr. Awbery, Sir Roger Cave, Sir Vincent Churchill, Mr. Christy, Sir Edw. Doctor Covenant: And they are to meet, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rochester, &c. Waterworks.

Leave of Absence.

Paper Manufacture.

Post Office.

Duchy of Cornwall Leasing.

744

Ju

A. 1685.

be adjourned, until the person* pr<pe$uting the *ame, fwfip Reeved, That the <wu»e he, rejected.

live at Coventry, do come up and attend that Committee. Resolved, That the said Bill do passAnd that the

Title be, An Act for the better Suppressing of Pedlars Sir John Hoskins reports from the Committee to whptn Hawkers, and Petty Chapmen. ’

the Bill for conveying fresh Water to Rochester and Chat- O, That Sir Joseph Tredenham do carry up the ham, was committed, That the Committee, having tajeep Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence, the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon some

Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in The Earl of acquaints the House, from his Taking of

his Place; and alterwards delivered them in at the Table: Majesty, That the Grand Rebel Argyle is taken; and now Earl of Where they being again read, were severally agreed to in safe Custody. Areyle-

Resolved, That the most humble and hearty Acknow- Bill, with the Amendments, be ledgments and Thanks of this House be presented to his Majesty, for his gracious Communication to them of the Taking of that Arch Traitor, the late Earl of Ordered, That Sir David Fowlis, Sir Metcalfe Robin- Which this House received with all imaginable Joy and son, and Sir William Worsley, Members of this House, Satisfaction.

have Leave to go into the Country. Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of

his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, as like-A Petition of Eustace Rarnaby Esquire was read. wise the Lord Preston and Sir Hen. Goodrick, do attend Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for his Majesty with the Thanks of this House, of the Manufacture of Paper, as is

A Bill for rebuilding the Cathedral Church of St. Pauls, Rebuilding London, was read a Second time. St*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edw.

Nevill, Sir Tho. Sir Christoph. Wiren, Sir Nicolas

by the House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed.

Encouragement desired.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for consolidating the Estates Tail which his Majesty hath in the

Importing

Gunpowder,

Ac.

Post Office; and Four-and-twenty thousand Pounds per Lord Sir John Wynn, Captain Bicker-

Annum of the hereditary Excise; was read a Third time. sta^ sir Bcn Sir Blackett, Mr. Grahme,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that die Title Mr Tho Lce Mr. Essex Strode, Sir Roger L' Estrange, be agreed to Air. Sir Edxv. Ascough, Sir Nath. Johnson, - Mr.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do carry up the Recorder of Sir Doctor Per rut,

said Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them with the Con- S;r Dyke, Sir John Mr. Mr.

currence of this House thereto. Sir Richard Temple, Sir Tho. Bernardiston, Mr.

T 1 Mr. Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Bu/kty,

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, yjr Lord Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Whist.

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Grants, Leases, Mr. Dolhen, Sir Sam. Dust mood, Mr.

and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel Mr. Mr. Common Serjeant, Marquis Worcester,

of his Highness’ Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the A{,. Sir Peter Rich, Sir Antl/o. Deane, Mr. Lamp-

same; and for Confirmation of Leases and G rants already /o/?> Mr Mr. Kingdon, Mr. Newport, Mr. H ogan,

made; was read a Third time. Mr. Sir Key, Sir Wm. Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Sir Jo/m Mr. Byerly, and all the Members for

be agreed. _ _ Middlesex, and And

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranehi^h do carry up the they are impowered to bring in a Clause to be added to

said Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them with the Con- the said for provision for the Finishing of the Four

Churches within the Walls of London: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to prepare and bring in a Clause, to be added to the said Bill, for the Finishing of the Four Parish Churches within the Walls of London, which yet remain unfinished.

currence of this House thereto.

An ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Importation of Gunpowder and Small Arms, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act against the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, Ammunition, and other Utensils of War.

Northern

Borders.

Savery’t

Name.

Leave of Absence.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England, was read a Third time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Continuance of Three former Acts, to prevent Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jennings do carry up the Two Bills last mentioned to the Lords for their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Isaac Saveryof the City of Exeter, Gentleman, to take upon him the Surname of Searle or Serle, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Nicolas Slanning, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country.

An ingrossed Bill against Pedlars, Hawkers, and Petty Chapmen, was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Proviso being presented to the House, to be added to the Bill; and being read:

Resolved, That the said Proviso be rejected.

Another ingrossed Proviso being in like manner presented, and read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Coinage, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for Coinage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive an Act for the Exportation of Beer, Ale, and Mum.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving and continuing several Expiring Laws expired, and near expiring, w'as read a Third Laws, time.

And an ingrossed Proviso being tendered to be added to the Bill; and being thrice read;

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to revive and continue several Acts therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Meres do carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Petition of Elis. Theakston, Widow, was read; Earl of

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be cleveland’* referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for Relief of Creditors* the Creditors of the late Farl of Clev, was committed;

25 to

off

Woo

In?1

Can*

Binl

Law

u

Inii

tii

Importation of Fish.

Exporting

Wool.

Importing

Candles.

Bankrupt

Laws.

Leave of

Absence.

Improving

Tillage.

ltM

iJac. II. 22"~i3 \Junii. ?4Jr

to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill against the Importation of Fish caught by Foreigners, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Beare and Mr. Waldron be added to the Committee to whom the Bill against the Exportation of Wool, is committed.

A Bill against the Importation of Tallow Candles was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Roger L'Estrange, Mr. Coryton, Lord

lagh, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Thomas Dyke, Dr. Dave-

riant, Sir Peter Rich, Sir Wm.Blackett, Sir Bathurst,

Mr. Parsons, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Ra. Wharton, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Porter, Mr. Hanses, Sir Dudley North,

Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Adam Alderman Dun-

comb, Sir Wm. Maynard, Sir Lionel Walden, Mr

Sir Cha. Gerrard, Colonel Werden, Mr. Mr.

Burrard, Mr. For, Sir Thomas Sir Chr. Wren,

Lord Castleton, Sir Edmund Jennings, Mr. Gunter, Mr.

Dolben, Sir John Wynn, Sir Wm. Churchill, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Wogan, Sir John MSir bull, Mr . Ashburnham, Colonel Zee, Sir Sir

Fra. Clark, Sir Wm. Pritchard, Colonel Friend, Sir Nath. Johnson, Sir Edw. Mr. Montague, Sir

Anth. Chester, Lord Digby, Sir Sir Wm. Cooke, Sir John Fagg, Lord Clifford, Mr. And

they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to supply the Defects of the Laws made against Bankrupts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. \North, Mr. Christy, Sw John Lowther, Sir Lord

Falkand, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Antho. Deane, Mr. Montague, Mr. Porter, SvcJos. Tr Lord Bruce, Mr. Parsons, Colonel Lee, Sir Ralph Wharton, Mr. Beare, Mr. For, Sir Hen. Pickering, Mr. Mr. Recorder

of London, Sir John Wynn, Sir Cha. Gerrard, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir John Moore, Sir Egei’ton, Mr. Smith,

Sir Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Nezcpo Sir John Banks, Mr.

Common Serjeant, Sir Wm. Twisden, Sir Wm. Honywood, Marquis Worcester, Lord Preston, Mr. Burrard, Sir

Knatch bull, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Sir Sir

John Mathews, and all the Members of the Long Robe, and Merchants of the City of London: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And that it be an Instruction to the Committee, to prepare and bring in a Clause to be added to the Bill, That no Bankrupt shall be admitted to an Agreement with his Creditors, before he shall have given in a full Account, upon Oath, of his Estate; and how be came to fail: And likewise a Clause, to make it Felony for any Person to make a Second Mortgage or Sale of any Estate, without first giving Notice thereof to the Person to whom the First Mortgage or Sale was made.

Ordered, That Mr. Garway, a Member of this House, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for the Improvement of Tillage was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. North,

Sir Hen. Goodrick, Sir Philip Mr. Christy, Sir

Nic.. Bacon, Sir Antho.Chester, Mr Mr. DeGray,

Mr. Hewer, Sir Geo. Winneoe, Sir Dudley North, Mr. Aubery, Lord Falkland, Sir John Mr. Common Serjeant, Sir Lionell Walden, Sir Wynn, Sir Edward

Nevell, Mr. Tho. Lee, Sir John Wynn, Mr. For, Sir John Hoskins, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Hanses,

Captain Kirkby, Mr. Price, Mr. Cradock, Colonel Legg,

Vo l. IX.

Mr. Wareing, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Wm.

Twisden-, or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Needlemakers of London was read. Foreign’

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Butt0"5, be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill against Importation of foreign Buttons, is committed; to prepare and bring in a Clause to be added to the said Bill, to prevent the Importation of Needles.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Pellisary V Naturalization of Magdalen Pellisary, and others, was &c- Nat> committed, be revived; and do meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider Wool and of Ways and Means to keep up the Price of Wool and Corn-Com, be revived; and do meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Place formerly appointed.

Ordered, That the Bill for Encouragement of the Woollen Woollen Manufacture, by the general Wearing thereof, Manufacture, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Naturalizing all such Pro- Foreign Protestant Strangers as are in England, Wales, or/Bown of testant8 Nat> Berwick, and the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, and such others as shall within a limited Time come from beyond the Seas, be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock, Tomorrow Morning.

Mart is, 23* die Junii, 1685. 1° Jac. II4i.

Pra YEltS.

AN ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, inti- Earl of tuled, An Act for rebuilding the Earl of s

House in Lincolns Inn Fields, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Bruce,

Sir Wm. Honnywood, Lord Falkland, Sir Orlando Gee,

Mr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. Higgins, Sir Edw. Herbert, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Archery, Mr. Sir Peter

Rich, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pope, Sir John Lowther, Mr.

Wilcott, Mr. Fox, Mr. Weld, Sir Chr. Sir

Clarke, Sir Dan. Fleming, Mr. Beare, Sir Mr. Essex Strode, Mr. Pasion, Doctor Mar-

quiss Worcester, Mr. Hanses, Sir Wm. Maynard, Mr.

Wareing, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Jos. TredenhaMr. Wogan, and all the Members for Westminster and Middlesex:

And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Henry Goodrick reports from the Committee to Pellisari’* whom the Bill for Naturalization of Magdalen ^c' Nat*

and others, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being again read, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Christopher Musgrave reports from the Committee Riding of Elections and Privileges to whom the Matter of the Election. Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Redding in the County of Berks, w as referred, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon Three Resolves to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being again read, are as follows;

9 C Resolved,

23° — 24

A. 1685.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Breedon Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

Redding.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Coates Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Redding.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Election for the Borough of Redding is a void Election.

The first of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That John Breedon Esquire is not duly, elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Redding.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Thomas Coates Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Redding.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee: That the Election for the Borough of Redding is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue out his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Redding in the County of Berks.

St. James’s Parish.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting a new Parish, to be

o rp '

called St. James's Parish within the Liberty of I Test-minster, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called The Parish of St. James's within the Liberty of Westmim Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clarges do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

London

Orphans.

Improving

Tillage.

Foreign

Buttons.

Ordered, That the Earl of and Lord Preston

have Leave to bring in a Bill for Relief of Widows and Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Aubery reports from the Committee to whom the Bill for Improvement of Tillage, u'as committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were again read; and, upon the Question severally put, agreed to by the House.

And some other Amendments being made at the Table;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of divers Shopkeepers of London, dealing in Lace, Needlework, §c. was read.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill against the Importation of Foreign Buttons, was committed, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the I louse.

And the said Committee is revived: And are to sit at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

to raise Money to build a Church, to be the Parish Church there, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Anne’s, within the Liberty of Westminster, to raise Money to build a Church, to be the Parish Church there.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jennings do carry up the said Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for an Imposition on Brandy, Callicoes, Silks, Duty on and other Merchandizes, was read. Brandy,&c.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee to Rebuilding w'hom the Bill for rebuilding the Cathedral Church of St*Pauls-St. Paul's, London, was committed; and who were, by Order of the House, appointed to bring in a Clause, to be added to the Bill, for finishing the Four Churches remaining unfinished within the Walls of the City of London', That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had prepared such a Clause to be added to the Bill; and had agreed on some Amendments to be made to the Bill; and also upon another Clause to be added thereto: Which he severally read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being read, were, upon the Question severally put, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the several Clauses be made Part of the Bill.

A Motion being made, That the Word " Cohne" be left out of the Bill;

The Question being put, That the said Word be left out;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the several Clauses and Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Anne Stampe, and others; and a Peti- Ear]of tien of John Ramsey, and others; were read. . Cleaveland's

Ordered, That the said several Petitions be referred Creditors, to the Committee to whom the Bill for Relief of the Earl of Cleaveland's Creditors, was committed; to examine the Allegations thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House then, according to their former Order, Coinage, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed in the Consideration of the Bill for Encouragement of Coinage.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Christopher Musgrave took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Christopher Musgrave reports from the Committee

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Encouragement of Coinage was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place; and delivered them in at the Table: Where the same being again read, were, upon the Question put, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mereurii, 24* die Junii, 1685. 1* Jac. II*1.

Woollen

Manufacture

A Bill for Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, by the general Wearing thereof, was read. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

St. Ann’g Parish.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St.Ann's, within the Liberty of Westminster,

pRAYEttS.

ABI L L for Suppression of Simony was read a Simony. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Serjeant Maynard, Sir Roger Cave, Lord Bruce, Lord Sir

Edmund Jennings, Sir Cha. Holt, Mr. Solicitor General,

22 Mr.

fcl'

ft*11

Hoc."

inr

Ca.i'i

Rwi

ic.

work

The

Re:i

anie

0:

Hi

Earl o t Powis' House

Importing

Candles.

Rochester, &c. Waterworks.

Thetford

Return

amended.

Coinage.

Dufay’s, & Hat.

i Jac. II. 24° Jmii-

747

Air. Porter, Lord FaUtlewd, Mr. W Sir Rich.

Sir Hen. Goodrich, Marquis Worcester, Sir Tho. Darcey, Mr. Paston, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Price, Sir Chr. Musgrtrve, Mr. Parker, Sir John Mathews, Mr.

Lord Digby, Mr. Christy, Lord Campden, Sir Gee, Mr. Essex Strode, and all the Alembers of the Long Robe, and Doctors of the Civil Law: And they are to meet, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Bruce reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Earl of Pozcis's House in Lincolues Inn Fields, was committed, That the Committee having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to the same, without any Alteration.

The said Bill being read a Third time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce do carry up the said Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House thereto.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning Preservation at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of pe^'®^c the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Preservation erson’ c* of his Majesty’s Person and Government.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Register of regestering the Death, Burial, Marriages, and Issue, of Deaths> the Nobility and Gentry of England.

A Bill for Relief of Widows and Orphans of the City London of London, was presented to the House. Orphans.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of poor distressed Insolvent Prisoners for Debt be read Tomorrow Morning. Debtors.

A Bill for repealing a Clause in an Act made 29 French Com-Car. II. for prohibiting French Commodities, was read modities. a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Edmund Jennings reports from the Committee to whom the Bill against the Importation of Tallow Candles, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to some Amendments to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being severally read, were agreed to.

The Proviso, being read a Second time, was likewise agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for Conveying df fresh Water to Rochester, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Conveying of fresh Water, through several Grounds, to Rochester.

Ordered, That Mr. Bickerstaffe do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

The Deputy Mayor of the Borough of Thetford in the County of Norf olk, and the Clerk of the Crown, being called in, amended the Return for the said Borough, by taking off the Indenture, whereby IVm. Hcvemngham and William De Gray Esquires were returned; and by affixing, instead thereof, an Indenture formerly tendered to the said Mr. Hevemngham, when he was Mayor of the said Borough, but was by him refused, whereby Sir Jos. Williamson and Mr. Hevemngham were mentioned to be elected; the Deputy Mayor, at the Table, affixing the Common Seal of the said Borough to the said last mentioned Indenture; and the Clerk of the Crown rasing the Name of Mr. Hevemngham thereout, and inserting the Name of Air. de Gray, instead thereof.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving Two former Acts, for Encouragement of Coinage, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Reviving and Continuance of Two former Acts for the Encouragement of Coinage.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Musgrave do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Sir Lionel Walden reports from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent from the Lords, for the Naturalization of James Dufay, and others, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to some Amendments to be made to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same being twice read, were agreed to.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be read a Third time.

Vql. IX.

Ordered, That Mr. Godolphin, a Member of this House, Leave of have Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

A Bill to encourage the Building of Ships in England, Ship-build-was read. ins*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for an Imposition on Linen, Calicoes, Silks, Duty on and Brandies, was read a Second time. Linen, &c.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Corti-mittee of the whole House.

A Petition of the Silk Weavers of London, Norwich, and Canterbury, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for an imposition on Linen, Calicoes, Silks, and Brandies, is committed; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to prepare and bring in a Clause, to be added to the Bill, to give his Majesty Credit for raising a Sum of Money not exceeding Four hundred thousand Pounds; and likewise to prepare and bring in a Clause, to be added to the said Bill, for rectifying a Mistake committed by a Clerk in ingrossing a Bill made in the present Parliament for granting to his Majesty an Imposition on Sugars and Tobacco.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying an Imposition on Linen, Callicoes,

Silks, and Brandy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole Mouse, to whom the Bill for laying an Imposition on Linen, Callicoes, Silks, and Brandies, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made to the Bill, and had prepared Two Clauses to be added to the Bill, pursuant to the Order of the House; and likewise had agreed upon another Clause, which they had directed him to report to the House, as fit, in the Opinion of the Committee, to be added to the Bill: Which Clauses and Amendments he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerks Table: Where the same being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put, and with several Amendments made at the Table, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said several Clauses be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, and several Clauses, be ingrossed.

Oirlered, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill to importing prevent Fmrds in the Importation of Silks and Stuffs. Silk»,

Ordered,

748 ^4* — 25° Juttii. . 1685.

Camtlford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue . his Warrant An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for the Dufay'i, &c. nt' to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Naturalization of James Dufay, and others, was read a NaU Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Third time.

for the Borough of Camelford in the County of Cornwall, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be in the room of Humphry Langford Esquire, deceased. agreed.

Ordered, That Sir William Trumball do carry up the And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Bill to the Lords, with the Concurrence of this House Clock Tomorrow Morning. thereto.

Joins, 25° die Junii, 1685. 1* Jac. IIdi.

Ordered, That the Lord Bruce do carry up the Bill Expiring for reviving several Acts therein mentioned to the Lords ^aws-for their Concurrence.

Prayers.

Earl of A PETITION of Sir Nevill Catlyn was read.

Cleaveland’s _f\^ Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Pe-re uors. tition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for Relief of the Creditors of the late Earl of Cleaveland, , was committed; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Exporting A Petition of Nathanael Reading Esquire was read.

Wool. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool, is committed; to examine the Matter thereof; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing certain Clauses in an French Cm*. Act for prohibiting French Commodities, was read a mo(llties-Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing certain Clauses in an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for prohibiting French Commodities.

Ordered, That Mr. North do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Woollen Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture stands Manufacture, committed be revived; and do sit this Afternoon at Three of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Army A Petition of Henry and Susan Bancell was

Acfompts. read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to take the Accompts of the Commissioners for disbanding the late Forces; to examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for improvement of Tillage was read Improving a Third time. Tillage.

And an ingrossed Proviso being presented to the House to be made Part of the Bill; and the Proviso being thrice read;

Resolved, That the Bill, and ingrossed Proviso, do lie on the Table.

Savary’s

Name.

Cooke’s

Estate.

Importing

Candles.

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for enabling IsaacSavery to take upon him the Surname of

Sea lie, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Ernie, Sir Charles Holt, Mr. Lord Dighy,

Serjeant Maynard, Mr. AwhcryMr. Essex Strode, Sir John Wynn, Sir Daniel Fleming, Sir Philip Mr.

Chiulleigh, Sir Wm.Drake, Sir Gilbert Clark, Sir Edxc. Evelin, Mr. Waldron, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Vivian, Sir Tho.

Mackxcorth, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Edmund Jennings, Mr. Et/wrick, Mr. Beare, Sir Lionel Walden, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Ralph Wharton, Mr. Price, Sir Mr. 6 ceres, Mr. Dolben, Sir James Butler, Sir Clarke, Mr. Courtney, Sir Arthur Chichester, Lord Preston, Sir Hugh Ackland, Mr. Kendall, Sir Wm. Trumball, Sir Wm. Txvisden, and all the Members that serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet tit Three of the Clock, this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable Younger Cooke Esquire to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Powell, Sir Edmund Jennings, Serjeant Maynard,

Mr. MetieM r. Gecres, Sir Fra.Clarke, Mr. Parker,

Sir C/tr. Musgrave, Mr. ChMr. Smith, Mr. lithe rick, Sir James Butler, Sir Hoskins, Mr

Mr. Price, Mr. Christie, Mr. Courtney, Hit Lionel Wal-

den, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir John Parker, Lord Campden, Mr. Hoelges, Mr. Edxc. Herbert, Sir Gulston, Sir Trumball, or any Eight of them, and all the Members that serve for the County of Hereford: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill against the Importation of Tallow Candles was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act against the Importation of Tallow Candles.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jennings do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for Rebuilding. Finishing, and Rebuilding Adorning, of the Cathedral Church of Panic's Lon- St* F’aule's, don, was read a Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso, being presented, to be added to the Bill, was read.

Resolved, That the Proviso be rejected.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Rebuilding, Finishing, and Adorning of the Cathedral Church of St.Panic's, London.

An ingrossed Bill for the Naturalization of Magdalen pdlisari’* Pellisari, and others, was read a Third time. *c-Ka,>

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Naturalization of Magdalen Pcllisary, and others.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Goodrich do cany up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Imposition on Coals, for the Tendon Relief of Widows and Orphans of the City of London, Orphan*, was read.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

rP i, [Sir Hen. Goodrich, 1 / .1

fellers, < ... for the A eas,

(Alderman Duncombe,\

rp , f Sir Joseph Tredenhj c

lellers-(Mr. rlton, f for 11,6 Noes’

And so it was carried in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

*37-

128.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clark, and Bill sent Sir Miles Cooke; from Lor

Mr. Speaker, The Lord shave com mandrel ustoacquaint this House, That they have agreed to a Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act against the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, and other LTtonsils of War; with an Alteration, to which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House. They have also agreed to Two other Bills, sent up from this House; the One, intituled, An Act to continue Three former Acts to

prevent

Cm

ic.

W

Bit

Frfs oi h

]‘eri

Sir?

Id

h\

kt

fe

D(,

k

U‘

h

l*ti

I \

ii" I

sit

Importing

Gunpowder

&c»

Duty on Brandy, See.

Preservation of King’s Person, &c.

Ship

Building,

Insolvent

Debtors.

Ditto.

Improving

Tillage.

I JAC. II.

prevent Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; the other, intituled, An Act for repealing a Clause for Dividing of Commons, in an Act of Parliament made in the Fifteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levellwithout any Alteration.

The Amendment, sent down from the Lords, to the Bill against the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, and other Utensils of War, being thrice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the Lord Preston do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of the House to the said Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for an Imposition on Brandies, Linen, Callicoes, and wrought Silks imported, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by an Imposition on all French Linen, and all East India Linen, and several other Manufactures of India; and on all French wrought Silks and Stuffs, and on all other wrought Silks; and on all Brandy imported alter the First Day of July One thousand Six hundred Eighty-five, and before the First day of July One thousand Six hundred and Ninety.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Preservation of his Majesty’s Person and Government.

A Bill to encourage the Building of Ships in England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jos. Williamson, Sii Antho.Deane, Mr. Pepys, Sir Sir Ben. Bathurst, Mr. Hewer, Sir Barker, Sir Nic. Bacon, SirJohn Turner, Mr. North, Lord Paston, Sir

Taylor, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Robert Cooke, 'Sir Phil. Eger-

ton, Mr Seymour, Sir Dan. Fleming, Marquis

Sir Jos.Child, Sir John Chichley, Mr. Gunter, Mr. Porter, Sir Robert Southwell, Mr. Zee, Sir Dudley North, Sir Darcy, Sir Cha. Gaudy, Mr BLord Falkland, Mr. EssexStrode, Mr. Burrard, Sir Sir

Wynne, Mr. Christy, Colonel Zee, Mr. Done, and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and all Members of Norfolk and Suffolk-, or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Anti then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 26* die Junii, 1685. 1° Jac. IIdI. Prayers.

ABIL L for Relief of Poor Prisoners for Debt, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Relief and Discharge of poor distressed Prisoners for Debt, was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Improvement of Tillage. And an ingrossed Proviso, Yesterday presented to the House, to be added to the Bill, and which was ordered to lie on the Table, being now again read;

And an Amendment being made to the Proviso at the Table;

Resolved, That the Proviso be made Part of the Bill. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage. Voe. IX.

749-

Resolved, That Mr, Awbery do carry, the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Hearing of the Merits of the Election Newcastle of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the ®"'der Lin* Borough of Newcastle under Line, be put off: And that E,lection* the same be heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges, on the Second Ftidcy of the Sitting of the House, after the intended Recess of tills Parliament.

The House then, according to their Order Yesterday Preservation made, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole King’s House, to consider of the Bill for the Preservation of his ^erso?* c' Majesty’s Person and Government.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Herbert took the Chair of thp Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Adam and Lord* agr*«

Dr. Edsbury; Bill9*

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that they have passed the several Bills following, sent up from this House; viz. One, intituled.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition on all French Linen, and all East India Linen, and several -other Manufactures of India; and on all Trench wrought

Silks and Stuffs, and on all other wrought Silks; and on all Brandy imported after the First Day of One thousand Six hundred Eighty-and-five, and before the First Day of July One thousand Six hundred and Ninety: And another, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Clauses in an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for prohibiting French Commodities; without any Alterations.

Their Lordships have likewise commanded us to put Hous# n. this House in mind of a Bill, formerly sent down from minded of the Lords to this House, intituled, An Act disabling a Bill. Minors to marry without the Consent of their Fathers and Guardians; and against their untimely Marriage after the Decease of their Fathers.

The House then again resolved into a Committee of Preservation the whole House, to proceed further in the Considera- of King’s tiop of the Bill for Preservation of his Majesty’s Person Perso,> &c* and Government.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Herbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. —

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuell Clark and the Clerk of the Crown;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have sent you a Bill, intituled, Bangor An Act for the Repair of the Cathedral Church of Bangor, tatll*dra and for the Maintenance of the Choir there; and for the Augmentation of the Revenue of the Bishoprick of Bangor: And also for an Augmentation of several Vicarages within the Comportions of Llandinum in the Diocese of Bangor aforesaid: To which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

They have likewise commanded us to acquaint this st, Ann’s House, That their Lordships have passed a Bill sent up Parish, from this House, intituled, An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Ann's, within the Liberty of Westminster, to erect a Church to be the Parish Church there, with some Amendments; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Their Lordships have likewise passed a Bill, sent them Rebuilding up from this House, intituled, An Act for Rebuilding, St. Paul’s. Finishing, and Adorning of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, without any Alteration.

The Amendments, sent down from the Lords, to be st. Ann $ made to the Bill for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish. Parish of St. Ann's, within the Liberty of Westminster, to erect a Church to be the Parish Church there, being thrice severally read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendjnents.

9 D Ordered,

2.5 ° — Junii.

75°

26° — 270

A. 1685.

Preservation of King's Pexson; &c.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Jennings do carry up the Bill, amended, to the Lords.

The House then again resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to prooceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for Preservation of his Majesty’s Person and Government.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Herbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ship-

building.

Mr. North reports from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for encouraging the Building of Ships in England mer*y appointed, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon some Amendments to be made, and a Clause and Proviso to be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being twice severally read, were, with an Amendment made at the Table, upon the Question put, agreed to by the House.

Resobed, That the said Clause and Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Clause, and Proviso, be ingrossed.

Sabbati,27* dicJunii, 1685. 1* Jac. IT\

Prayers.

A BILL for severing the Church of from Worthenbury

the Parish of Bangor in the County of Flint, was Parish.

read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit Committed, at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Places for-

An ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, Bangor An Act for the Repair of the Cathedral Church of Bangor, Cathedral, and for the Maintenance of the Choir there; and for the Augmentation of the Revenue of the Bishoprick of Bangor-, and also for an Augmentation of several Vicarages within the Comportion of Ll in the Diocese of Bangor aforesaid; was read.

Resobed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

?r

el

P<

Lords agree to Bills.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clark and Sir Adam Oatly;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they have agreed to Two Bills, sent up from this House; the one intituled, An Act for Naturalizing Magdalen Pellisaryand others; the other, An Act for reviving and continuing Two former Acts for Encouragement of Coinage; without any Alteration.

A Bill for registring the Deaths, Burials, Marriages, Register of and Issue of the Nobility and Gentry of England, was Deall"> read.

Resobed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Clandestiae

Marriages.

Expiring

Laws.

Voollen

Manufacture.

Preservation of King's Person, &c.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled, An Act disabling Minors to marry without the Consent of their Fathers and Guardians, and against their untimely Marriage after the Decease of their Fathers, was committed, be revived; and do meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Awbery do go up to the Lords, and put them in mind of a Bill, sent up to them from this House, intituled, An Act to revive and continue several Acts therein mentioned.*

A Bill for Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, by the general Wearing thereof, was read the Second time.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resobed, That the Debate be adjourned till Ten of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

The I louse then again resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of the Bill for the Preservation of his Majesty's Person and Government.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Herbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Chr. Musgvave, Sir Lowther, Mr. North, Sir Tho. Meres, Sir Rich Temple, Mr. Mr.

A Bill for erecting Courts of Conscience in Westminster

ster, Southwark, Hamlet of the Towand other Places, &c. Courts of was read. Conscience.

Resobed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to encourage the Building of Ships Shig-in England, was read a Third time. building.

Resobed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to encourage the Building of Ships in England.

Ordered, That Mr. North do carry up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

A Bill for regulating Hackney Coaches; and a Bill Hackney for regulating Hackney Coaches, and preventing divers b’oaches, &c. Nuisances in the Streets of London and were read.

Resolved, That the said Bills be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir James Astry and Rochester,

Dr. Edsbury; &c. Water-

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded 11s to works’ acquaint you, That they have passed a Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for conveying fresh Water through several Grounds unto the City of Rochester, with some Amendments: To which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments being thrice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Biekerstaffe do carry up the said Bill to the Lords, with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

Mr. Ethcriek reports from the Committee appointed Preservation to prepare and bring in a Clause to be added to the Bill of King’s for Preservation of His Majesty’s Person and Govern- 1>erson> tc«

Co

lVi

Mi

Bar

lui

Tipping, Dr. Brady, or any Three of them, be impowered ment That the Committee had prepared such a Clause: __________11 ..... 1___1.1..1...u.n:iir___ Which he read in his Place: and alterwards delivered

Worthenbury

Parish,

Perjury.

to prepare and bring in a Clause to be added to the Bill for Preservation of his Majesty’sPerson and Govenment; That none shall move, in either House of Parliament, for Alteration of the Succession of the Crown in the right Line.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to sever the Church of Worthenbury from the Parish of Bangor in the county of .Flint.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Suppressing of Perjury.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock ‘ Tomorrow Morning,

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Clause do lie on the Clerk’s Table.

The Earl of Middleton acquainting the House, That Message from his Majesty intends to be in his Royal Robes in the House the K<«i-of Peers, at Four of the Clock this Afternoon;

The House adjourned to Three of the Clock this Afternoon.

i Jag. II,

27* — 29° Junii.

75*

Post Meridian.

Message to A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas attend the Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Klnfi‘ Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

Preservation Sir Edward Herbert reports from the Committee of the

of Kings whole House, to whom the Bill for Preservation of his Person, See. Majesty’s Person and Government was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to some Amendments to be made, and a Proviso to be added, to the Bill: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being twice read, were, upon the Question put severally, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

A Proviso, reported this Day to this House, to be added to the Bill, being twice read;

Revoked, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed; and be read a Third time on Monday Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Woollen Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, concerning the

Manufacture. Bill for Wearing of the W oollen Manufacture, be resumed on Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock on Monday Morning.

Lunee, 29* die Junii, 1685. 1* Jac. IIdl.

Prayers.

Bangor A N ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, intituled,

Cathedral. JTjl An Act for Repair of the Cathedral Church of Ban-go?', and for the Maintenance of the Choir there, and for the Augmentation of the Revenue of the Bishoprick of Bangor; and for an Augmentation of several Vicarages within the Comportions of Llandinum in the Diocese of Bangor aforesaid; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ryves, Mr. Past on, Mr. Essex Strode, Dr. Perrott, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Edward Herbert, Mr. Mellish, Mr. JValdron, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Tho. Exton, Mr. Warcing, Mr. Christy, Mr. Grcnvill, Sir Geo. IVinncve, Sir Dan. Fleming, Mr. Price, Sir Win. Cooke, Mr. Walcott, Sir Phil. Eger ton, Sir Fra. Clark, Mr. Dolhen, Mr. IFogan, and all the Members for both Universities, and for North Hales and South Wales: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

Register of bvailis, &c.

A Bill for registriiifi the Deaths, Burials, Marriages, and Issue, of the Nobility and Gentry of England, was read a Second time.

The Question being put, That the Bill be committed; The House div ide.

The Yeas no forth.

for the Yeas, 75. for the Noes, 83.

rr , [Sir Richard Temple,

TeUcls-lMr.

Tellers,! \!r’

9 [Mr. Fnce,

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon

the Debate of the House, for registring the Deaths,

Burials, Marriages and Issue, of the Nobility and Gentry

of England: And that Mr. North, Mr. Christy, and Mr.

Wogan, do prepare and bring in the same.

Vol. IX.

Mr. Done reports from the ComiAittee appointed to Army inspect the Accounts of the Commissioners for disband- Account* ing the late Forces, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon a Report, which they directed him to present to the House in Writing: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same being read, is as follows;

The Question being, Whether Sir Gilbert Garrard,

Sir Thomas Player; Colonel Birch, and Colonel Whitley, the Commissioners for disbanding the Army, ought jointly to be charged with, and accountable for, the 100,000 /. received by Sir Thomas Player, at the Exchequer, for that Service; ' - '

Resolved, That the said Commissioners are jointly chargeable with, and accountable for, the said Money.

In relation to the Report to be made to this House ‘

The Question being, Whether the Committee Should report to the House, What Sums did appear, upon Examination of the Commissioners Accompts, to be vouched, Should be so reported-; and, What did appear to be unvouched, Should be reported unvouched;

Resolved, by the Committee, That it Should be so re ported. . (

The Question being, Whether it be the Opinion of the Committee, That the House Should be moved, That (seeing the Committee cannot make a perfect Examination of the Deputy Commissioners Accompts for disbanding in the Out Districts; likewise what has been paid for Cloaths and Quarters; as also to the Officers of the Army upon Debentures, and otherwise; and to ascertain, How far the Money given by the Act fell Short of answering the End for which it was given), for the Satisfaction of all Persons concerned, Publication Should be made, That they come in, and make out their Demands, in the Time of the Recess of the Parliament;

> To all which, the Committee agreed.

A further Question being, Whether it Should be reported to the House, That Mr. Kingdon has accounted for, and is legally discharged of, the Sum of ‘22,311 /. 15 s. gd. received out of the Exchequer; being Part of the 206,462/.

17 s. 3 d. given by the Act for disbanding the Army;

Resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Contents hereafter following be Part of the Report from the Committee to the House.

As to the Method of their Proceeding; the Care of the Committee in general was, to get before them such Accompts and Papers as were needful; and then to put those Accompts and Papers into the most expeditious and safe Way of Examination: For the First, the Committee gave Order to the said Commissioners, to produce, and deliver to them, all Accompts, Papers, and Vouchers they had, of what Nature soever, relating to this Aflair: Which they did; and at the same time declared, They were all the material Vouchers they had to offer in Discharge of their respective Accompts: And likewise desired Sir Robert Howard to certiiy the Committee, What Money was received upon the last Disbanding Act; and How, and to YVhom, the same was issued and paid; and likewise, what Debentures were drawn by the Commissioners; and for what Services; and what had been paid for Interest: AIL which Sir Robert has punctually done.

When the Committee were possessed of the said Accompts, Papers, and Vouchers, their next Care was, to put them into a proper Method of Examination; and therefore desired several Gentlemen of the Committee, whom they conceived fit and able to perform* this Service, to peruse the said Accompts, and to compare them with their proper Vouchers: Who readily undertook it, and agreed to meet de die in diem, in the Court of Wards, for Performance thereof: Which they, or some of them, have since constantly done, and made what Progress, for the time, they could, in the said Examination.

And further reports, How the Committee did, upon Examination, find their Accompts, so far as they have been able to look into them; for that, for want of Time, they have not been able to make near so perfect an Examination as is needful. And;first, The Committee, upon Examination,

' finds,

7$*

2$° Jutiii.

J.

Amy

AcomM*

finds, That by the Consent and Approbation of the other Commissioners, Sir Thomas Player did receive out of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for disbanding the Army, the Sum of 100,000l.

Whereof he discharges himself in thti? following Me*

£. s. di

8,663 15 i 9,046 18 io§ 25,i5 5 4

38,291

3,082

18

*9

6

9

360 15 8

42 5.8 62 12 —

20 — —

1,716 13 4

13,859 9 10

thod; viz.

By Money paid to Forces disband* ed by Sir Gilbert Gerrard By Money paid the Forces disbanded by Colonel Whitley -

By Money paid the Forces disbanded by Colonel Birch -

By Money paid to Forces disbanded by their Deputies -

By Money paid iii Part for1 Cloaths By Money paid for Exchequer Fees for the said 100,000l.

By Money paid Geo. Blackborne for keeping Correspondence with Dis-banders in the Out Districts

By Money paid to Tho. Corbyn for examining Accompts -

By Money paid IVm. Jones for Disbanding in the Isle of Wight -By Money paid the Four Commissioners, for their Allowance of 2d. per Pound -By Money paid to Forces disbanded' by himself, which is made the Charge of Sir Thomas Player's particular Accompt of Disbanding - - -J_______

The Sums amount to - 100,2.52 11 nj Which is 252/. 11 s. 11 d.f more than the Charge. Butwe conceive, that 124/. 17$. 8 d. being paid to their Agents, ought to be borne out of their 2 d. per Pound allowed by the Act for themselves and Servants.

The Committee comes now to give you the State of the Accompts of the said Commissioners, of the Money they paid to the Forces they severally disbanded.

In Examination whereof they have only compared their Accompts with the Establishment and Muster Rolls, as to the Numbers of Men established and mustered; but, for want of Time, have not been able to examine their Computations of the Officers and Soldiers Pay, to see that they are rightly calculated; which is a Thing necessary to be done, that, if any Errors do appear, they may be rectified, and the Accomptants charged with what they have placed to Accompt more than the Establishment and Muster Rolls will warrant.

And, first, of Sir Thomas;

whom the Committee charges with the aforesaid Sum of -

Who alleges to have paid to the Forces by him disbanded

Whereof he has produced Vouchers for - -

And there remains unvouched Sir Gilbert Gerrard is charged, as before, with -

In Discharge whereof he alleges to have paid Whereof he produces Vouchers for And there remains unvouched Colonel Whitley is charged with -In Discharge whereof he alleges to have paid -

Whereof he produces Vouchers -And there remains unvouched Colonel Birch is charged with In Discharge whereof he alleges to have paid -

Whereof he produces Vouchers for And there remains unvouched Sub Commissioners in the Out Districts are charged with

For which legal and proper Vouchers are not produced for upw ards of

20

; £. s. d.

\ 13,859 9 10

13,859 9 10

10,612 12 7

3,246 17 3

8,663 15 1

0° u> 15 1

7,074 5 6

1,589 9 7

9,046 18 lOf

9,046 18 10$

7,088 14 8

1,958 4 2

25,105 3 4

25,105 3 4

21,951 11 2

3,323 12 2

38,291 18 6

30,000 -

Thus far the Committee has proceeded in this Affair:

There remains yet to be examined, What has been paid for Cloaths and Quarters; and, What remains due upon those Accompts, and also to the Officers of the Anny, upon Debentures, or otherwise; and likewise to ascertain, how far the Money given by the Act fell Short of answering the End for which it was given. The Committee thinks this Work will require a considerable Time to per* feet the Examination thereof; possibly much more than this Session will allow: And, if so, this humble Proposal to this honourable House is, That some Order may be taken for the Performance thereof, during the ensuing Recess: Which the Committee conceives may best be done by appointing a select Number to meet at a certain Place, to make the aforesaid Examination and 4d-justment; and, in order thereto, to receive, examine, and adjust the Pretensions of all Creditors, and others, concerned in this Matter; and to report the same to the House at their next Meeting: And, that all Persons, who are concerned therein, may be acquainted therewith, the Committee humbly conceives it will be needful, that some public Notice be given by publishing the same in the Gazette, or otherwise, as may be thought most convenient.

All which the Committee most humbly submits to the great Wisdom of this honourable House to determine.

Resolved, That the Matter of the said Report be recommitted to the same Committee: And they are iro-powered to prepare and bring in a Bill, upon the Debate of the House, for the taking and better adjusting of the said Accompts.

A Bill for a general Naturalization of all such French Foreign Protestants as are now residing in , Wales, and Protestant*

Berwick upon Tweed, or the Isles of Jersey and Guernsey; *aL and such others as shall come over within some limited time; wras read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Cordell, a Member of this Leave of House, have Leave to go into the Country. Absence.

A Bill for a general Registry of Estates, Titles, and General Incumbrances, was read the Second time. Jlegister.

Resohrd, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho.

Meres, Mr. North, Lord Falkland, Mr. , Sir Jos.

Williamson, Lord Digby, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr. Bulk/ey, Mr Woi\ I r. Bickerst aff'e,

Mr. Tipping, M r. Butler, Sir Chr. WrMr. Gunter, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr FaSir Clar-ges, Mr Smith, Sir John B ramps ton, Sir

Mr. Duncombe, Sir Dan. Fleming, Sir Tho. Darcy, Mr. Porter, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Cooke, Sir John

Wynn, Mr. John Hoskins, Mr. Mellish, Sir John L<~at her.

Sir Chr.Musgrave, Sir George Pudsey,

Sir Dudley North, Mr. Montague, Mr. Walker, Sir Hump.

Winch, Sir Cha. Holt, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr Sir Orlando Gee, Si rFra.Clark, Mr. Paston, Mr.

Lord Ranelagh, Colonel Lee, Sir Benj. Bathurst, and all the Members of the Long Robe, or any of them: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber. And the particular Care of the Bill is recommended to Mr. North.

An ingrossed Bill for the Preservation of His Majesty’s pre5frvstiu* Person and Government, was read the Third time. of King’s

And an Amendment being made thereto at the Table; Person, &c. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better Preservation of his Majesty’s Person and Government.

Ordered, That Sir Edu ard Herbert do cany up the Bill to the Lords for their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Matter, touching the Election of Ludgarsdl Burgesses to serve for this present Parliament for the Bo- Election, rough of Ludgarsell in the County of Wilts, be put off:

And that it be heard before the Committee of Elections

and

Ik

Codi

i Jac. II.

39* — 30° Junii.

753

and Privileges, the First Saturday of the next Meeting of this Parliament, after the ensuing Recess.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived; and do sit at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the respective Places formerly appointed.

Barnstable

Election.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for Barnstable in the County of Devon, be heard before the Committee of Elections and Privileges, at the next Meeting after the Recess.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mart is, 30" die Junii, 1685. 1* Jac. II4i.

Prayers.

Delay of a TTPON Complaint made to this House, That the Writ. Sheriff of the County of Montgomery doth delay

issuing his Precept to the Bailiffs of Montgomery, for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire Town, contrary to his Duty;

Ordered, That the Sheriff of the County of Montgomery do immediately, upon Notice hereof, direct anrl send his Precept to the Bailiffs of the Shire Town of Montgomery, requiring them, or One of them, to proceed to an Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire Town, according to the Tenor of his Majesty’s Writ, some time since sent down, and delivered to the said Sheriff': And that the Bailiffs of the said Shire Town of Montgomery, or One of them, do, and are hereby required, within Two Days after Receipt of such Precept, to give or send due Notice to the Burgesses of the several Boroughs of Llanidloes Pool and of the

precise Day of the Election; that they may, if they shall think fit, be present, and give their Voices at such Election; which is to be within Three Days after such Notice given to the said Out-boroughs: And the said Sheriff and Bailiffs are hereby required to perform their Duty in the Premises with Effect, as they will answer the Contrary at their Perils.

Hackney A Bill for regulating of Hackney Coaches; and re-Coaches, &c. moving and preventing Nuisances in the Streets in and about London, and Westminster, and; was

read a Second time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir John Ernie, Sir Philip Parker, Sir Christo. Musgrwoe, Sir Dan. Fleming, Sir George Winneve, Sir ThClarges, Mr.

Sir Fra. Clark, Sir John Banks, Sir Nath. Johnson, Lord

Falkland, Sir Tho. Mackwo Sir Jos. Mr.

Kendall, Mr. Done, Sir Phil. Egerton, Sir John Hoskins, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wogan, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Graham, Mr. Common Serjeant, Sir Peter Rich, Sir Christo. Wren, Colonel Ashton, Sir Anthony Deane, Mr. Shan', Mr. Pepys, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Parker, Sir Evelyn, Sir Jos. Williamson, Captain Tuston, Mr. Chiffinch, Sir James Butler, Mr. Guy, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Essex Strode, Mr. Kingdon, Mr. Dolben, Sir Thomas Maes, Mr. Onslow, Sir Edmund Jennings, Mr. Jones, Mr. Sir Gaudy,

Sir Hen. Marwood, Lord Brackley, Mr. Ryves, and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, Southwarke, and Middlesex; or any Eight of them. And all Members that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are im- powered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And they are to prepare and bring in a Clause to be added to the Bill, to give Leave to a reasonable Number of Hackney Coacluncn (as they shall think fit), to drive about London, Westminster and Southwark, on Sundays.

Vol. IX.

A Bill for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Hackney was read the Second time, Ccache* *.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the same Committee, upon the Debate of the House.

Sir Richard Lloyd reports from the Committee to Bangor whom the ingrossed Bill, sent down from the Lords, for Cathedral. Repair of the Cathedral Church of Bangor, and for the Maintenance of the Choir there; and for the Augmentation of the Revenue of the Bishoprick of Bangor; and for an Augmentation of several Vicarages within the Com portions of Llandinum in the Diocese of Bangor aforesaid, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to the same, without any Alteration or Amendment.

The said ingrossed Bill being read a Third time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lloyd do carry up the Bill to the Lords, with the Concurrence of the House thereto.

A Bill for Relief of Widows and Orphans of the City London of London, was read the Second time. - Orphan*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Richard Temple,

Mr. Alderman Duncombe, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Essex Strode, Mr. Guy, Mr. Lampton,

Mr. Porter, Mr. Corrytoti, Sir Geo. Mr. Monta-

gue, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Bull, Sir Rich. May, Mr. Common Serjeant, Mr. Foley, Mr. Burrard, Colonel Lee, Mr.

Weld, Sir Chr.Musgrave, Lord Ancram, Sir Sam. Daih-

wood, Sir Thomas Bydc, Mr. Poston, Sir Tho. Clarges, Siy Dan. Fleming, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Christo.

Wren, Sir Am// Cat'.yn, Mr. Beare, Mr. Stone, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir James Butler, Sir Tho.

Dyke, Mr. Ryves, Sir John Moor, Sir Dudley North, Mr.

Done, Colonel Windham, Lord Digby, Mr.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr Etherick, Sir Gooarick,

Lord Brackley, Mr. Wogan, Sir Blackett, Lord Mid/cton, Mr. Jones, Mr. Smith, Lord Preston, Sir Anth.

Deane, Lord Falkland, Sir John Banks, Sir Hen. Mar-wood, Mr. Tippin, Sir EliabHarvey, Mr. Parsons, Sir Jos. Trtdenham, Sir Tho. Exton, Sir Wm. Gulston, Mr.

Pepys, Sir Peter Rich, Mr. John Powell, Doctor Brady,

Mr. Serjeant Bedingheld, Mr. Bonython, Mr. Hen. Parker,

Mr. Hen. Bertie, Mr. Rich. BertieSir Nicolas Bacon, Mr. Hewer, Mr. Freeman, Sir Fra. Clarke, Sir Wm.

Wren, Sir Wm. Tromball, Mr. Christy, Sir Wm. Cook,

Mr. Serjeant Millington, Mr. John Backwell, Mr. Cha.

Bertie, Mr. Pereg. Bertie, Sir John Chichley; or any Eight of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices: And the said Committee are to have Power to inquire into the Value of the Debts due to the Widows and Orphans of the City of London; and how those Monies, received into the Chamber, were from time to time applied; and what Estate, Revenue, and Fund the said City hath, for Satisfaction of the said Debts: And to inquire, What of the Debts aforesaid have been assigned or sold to any Person whatsoever; and for what Consideration: Ana to report the same, with their Opinions therein, to the House: And they are to prepare a Clause, to be added to the Bill, to appropriate the Monies to be raised for the Payment of the said Orphans and Widows only; and that no Part thereof be diverted.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Samuel Clark, and St. Jame»* Sir Lacon Child. Burnt.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to a Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

y E Their

754

50" Junii — i° Julii. 1685,

Ship-

buiUhfig.

Expiring

Laws*

St. James’ Parish.

Lords reminded of a Bill.

Expiring

Laws.

Repairing

Highways.

Their Lordships have likewise agreed to a Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act to encourage the Building of Ships in England, without any Alteration.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Walcott and Mr. Baron J Fright;

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to a Bill sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for Reviving and Continuance of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned; with a Short Proviso, and some Amendments: To which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

The Amendments sent down from the Lords, to be made to the Bill for erecting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of JFtst-

minster, were thrice read.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clarges do carry up the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments: And that he do at the same time put their Lordships in mind of a Bill, some time since sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for Suppressing of Pedlers, Hawkers, and Petty Chapmen.

The Amendments, sent down by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Reviving and Continuance of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, being thrice severally read, were, upon the Question severally put, agreed to by the House.

And the ingrossed Proviso, sent down from the Lords, to be added to the said Bill, being thrice read;

Resolved, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord Brace do carry up the said Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them with the Concurrence of this House to the said Proviso and Amendments.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Repairing and Inlarging of Highways; with Power therein to lay a Tax, not exceeding Six-pence in the Pound, for that Purpose: And the Care thereof is particularly recommended to Sir Thomas Mars.

Committee!. Orderrd, That all Committees be revived; and do sit at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the respective Places formerly appointed.

London A Debate arising in the House, concerning the taking

Orphans. away a certain Custom used in London, of enforcing the Payment of Orphans Money into the Chamber of;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned tillTo-inorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii, 1* die Julii, 1685. 1° Jac. II1".

Prayers.

Buckingham f^RDERED, That Leave be given to brine in a

Gaol. Bill for laying a Charge on the County of Bucks,

for Building of a Common Gaol for the said County.

Insolvent A Bill for Relief of Poor Prisoners for Debt, was read Debtor*. a Second time.

Resolved, ike. That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Mompcsson, Mr. Paston, Lord Dig by, Sir Cha.

Dr. Davenant, Sir Fra. Russell, Sir John Hoskins, Sir Nic. Lest range, Mr. Porter, Mr. Weld, Mr. Cradock, Sir Tho. Mats, Lord Brackle Mr. Trcvanion, Sir James Butler, Sir Fra. Clark, Mr. Serjeant Maynard, Mr.

Ethcrick, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Cha. Keymish, Sir Tho. Norton, Sir Ra. Verney, Mr. Mr. Christy,

Sir Cyrill Wyche, Sir Tho. Mackworth, Sir Good* rick, Mr. Ryvcs, Sir Hen. Marwood, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr.

Hinvtry, Colonel Lee, Sir Cha. Holt, Sir Mr. Parker, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Lamp-

ton, Mr../ iainsford, Sir Wm. P, *

Mr. Harry, Sir Pet.Daniel, Mr. Essex Strode, Sir John

Ernie, Mr. Powell, Sir Wm. TwisdaMr. Robert Cotton, Mr. Done, Mr. Guy, Mr. Hanses, Lord Falkland, Mr.

Mr. Arnold, Mr. North, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Chct-win, Sir Rich. Verney, Mr. De Gray, Sir Charles Gau dy,

Mr. Beare, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir John Moore, Sir Cha. Gerrard, Sir Nath. Johnson,

* Kendall, Mr. Walcott, Sir Mr,

Brnyer, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Howard, Sir Pet. Rich, Mr.

Litleton, Mr. Kingdon, Mr. Buncombe, Colonel Phillips,

Mr. Graham, Sir Wm. Tromba/I, Sir Sam. Dashurod,

Sir John Dart her of Lo:ether, Sir Adam Mr.

Litleton, Sir John Cotton, and all the Members of the Long Robe; or any Eight of them: And they are to meet at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Another Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, was read a Insolvent Second time. Debtors.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the same Committee to whom the first-mentioned Bill is committed: And the Committee is to reduce both the said Bills into One: And they are impowered to prepare and bring in a Clause to be added to the Bill for appointing Commissioners in London, instead of Justices of the Peace, to examine the Ability of the said Prisoners upon Oath; and how their Estates have been assigned, and to whom; in order to the Prevention of Frauds in the Release of the said Prisoners.

Mr. Dolben reports from the Committee to whom the Foreign Bill against the Importation of foreign-u rought Buttons, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed upon many Alterations and Amendments to the Bill; whereby, after the Preamble, the Bill was forced to be new drawn:

Which were read to the House.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Bill, and Amendments, do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the same Committee be revived, and have Leave to prepare and bring in a Bill against the Importation of foreign-wrought Buttons; and also another Bill against the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Needle-work, Fringe, Cutwork, Embroidery, and Band-strings.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Improving Sir John Francklin; Tillage.

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have commanded us to acquaint you, That they have agreed to a Bill sent up from this House, intituled, An additional Act for Improvement of Tillage; with some Amendments: To which their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

The said Amendments being thrice read;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. North do carry up the said Bill to the Lords, with the Concurrence of this House to the said Amendments.

Mr. Powell reports from the Committee to whom the Cooke’*

Bill to enable Younger Cooke Esquire to sell Lands for Estate. Payment of Debts, was committed, That the Committee, having taken the same into their Consideration, had agreed to some Amendments to be made to the Bill:

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same being read, were, upon the Question severally put, agreed to.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition

Ha

Com

Blac

Pen

lor

Six

tel

frhckett’s ] cution.

foreign Protestants I. at.

Harkney

Coaches.

Blackett's

Petition.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Adjourn-

ment.

i JAC. II. i° — Julii. — 4 A — 90 Nov. 755

A Petition of William Blackelt Merchant being presented to the House;

Ordered, That the Petition do lie on the Table: And that Sir Nath. Johnson, a Member of this House, have Notice to attend in his Place Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

A Pill for a general Naturalization of all French Protestants Strangers now residing in England, Wales, wick upon Tu eed, and the Isles of Guernsey and jersey, and such others as shall come over within a limited Time, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Pill be committed to Mr: Vice Chamberlain, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Hanses, Sir Jos. denham, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Sir John

KnutchbuU, Mr. North, Lord Falkland, Mr.

Mr. Dolhen, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Bickers!asse, Sir Sam. Dashxcood, Lord Bruce, Mr. Ash, Mr. Hodges, Mr.

E/hcrick, Mr. Christie, Mr. Pastor, Mr; Price, Mr. St. A maud. Lord Willoughby, Sir IVm. Mr. Soli-

citor General, Mr. Coningsby, Sir Wm. Lord Brack ley, Mr. Gceres, Sir Orlando Mr. Tipping, Mr. Bytes, Lord An cram, Mr. Powell, Sir Sir Rich.Temple, Sir Chr. Musgrac Mr. JVcbb, Mr.

Mcllish, Mr. Fanshaw, Lord Wiltshire, Sir Cha. Holt, Colonel Lee, Mr. Ashburnham, Sir Wm. Twisden, Mr. Duncombe, Sir Richard Midleto Sir Cha. Gerrard, Sir John Hoskins, Sir John RercsbyMr. Strode, Mr.

Pepys, Mr. Freeman, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Smith, Lord Miel/eton, Sir Dan. Fleming-, or any Eight of them: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Three of the (dock Tomorrow in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to prepare a Clause to be added to the Bill, That the Liturgy of the Church of England, now by Licence translated into French, shall from henceforth be used in all French Churches and Congregations: And that it be a Condition of the Naturalization intended by the Bill, That, if any Persons thereby naturalized, or their Children, shall hereafter go to any other Congregation than where the Liturgy of the Church of England is used, or to any Conventicle whatsoever; they, and every of them, shall from thenceforth be uncapable of receiving any Benefit of their Naturalization; and be from thenceforth deemed Aliens to all Intents and Purposes, as if no such Act of Naturalization had been made.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the several Bills for regulating Hackney Coaches stand committed, That they do reduce the same into One Bill, and report the same to the House.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Jervis, 2* die Julii, 1685. 1° Jac, IIdl.

Prayers.

A PETITION of William Blackett Merchant, was read. And a Debate arose in the House thereupon. —

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That his Majesty having given the Royal Asseut to several Bills, was pleased to declare his Pleasure to the Lords and Commons, by the Lord Keeper, to the Effect following; vo i.: ix.

That both Houses do forthwith severally adjourn themselves until Tuesday the Fourth Day of August next.

That his Majesty doth not at present intend there shall be then a Session; but that the Session be carried on, by further Adjournment, by such Members as shall be about the Town, till Winter, Unless in case of some Emergency that shall require it: In which Case, or whensoever he shall intend a Session, he will give timely Notice by Proclamation.

And then the House accordingly forthwith adjourned till Tuesday the Fourth Day of August next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Matiis, 4* die Augusti, 1685:

P li a v E K S;

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Chippenham rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ;

Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sherrington Talbot Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cornwall the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for Writ* the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, in the room of Charles Lord Bodmyn, now Earl of Radnor.

The Right honourable Charles Earl of Middleton, Message One of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, ac- from the quaints the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty, signed by his Majesty's own Hand: Which his Joununel11' Lordship delivered to the Speaker; and being by him read to the House, is as followeth;

It is His Majesty's Pleasure, That this House be immediately adjourned till Monday the Ninth Day of November next.

Whitehall,

The 4th Day of August 1685*

And accordingly the House immediately adjourned till Monday the Ninth Day of November, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Junce, 9* die Novembris, 1685; 1* Jac. II<U.

A MESS AGE from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas jyff, sage to Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; attend the Mr. Speaker, King.

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, widi the House, w-ent

UP-

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reports to the House, That, to present King’* Mistakes, he had obtained a Copy of his Majesty’s gra- Speech cious Speech to both Houses: Which he read to the sported. House; and is as followeth} vis.

My

Speech to be considered.

Writs to be issued.

756 9° — 12* N 1685.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

AFTER the Storm that seemed to be comine upon us when we parted last, I am glad to meet you all again in so great Peace and Quietness; God Almighty be praised, by whose Blessing that Rebellion was suppressed: But when we reflect, what an inconsiderable Number of Men began it, and how long they carried on without any Opposition, I hope every-body will be convinced, that the Militia, which hath hitherto been so much depended on, is not sufficient for such Occasions; and that there is nothing but & good Force of well disciplined Troops in constant Pay, that can defend us from such, as, either at Home or Abroad, are disposed to disturb us: And, in truth, My Concern for the Peace and Quiet of My Subjects, as well as for the Safety of the Government, made Me think it necessary to increase the Number to the Proportion I have done: This I owed as well to the Honour as the Security of the Nation; whose Reputation was so infinitely exposed to all our Neighbours, by having so evidently lain open to this late wretched Attempt, that it is not to be repaired without keeping such a Body of Men on foot, that none may ever have the Thought again of finding us so miserably unprovided.

It is for the Support of this great Charge, which is now more than double to what it was, that I ask your Assistance in giving Me a Supply answerable to the Expence it brings along with it: And I cannot doubt, but what I have begun, so much for the Honour and Defence of the Government, will be continued by you with all the Cheerfulness that is requisite for a Work of so great Importance.

Let no Man take Exception, that there are some Officers in the Army, not qualified, according to the late Tests, for their Employments: The Gentlemen, I must tell you, are most of them well known to Me: And, having formerly served with Me in several Occasions, and always approved the Loyalty of their Principles by their Practice, I think fit now to be employed under Me: And I will deal plainly with you, that, after having had the Benefit of their Service in such Time of Need and Danger, I will neither expose them to Disgrace, nor Myself to Want of them, if there Should be another Rebellion to make them necessary for Me.

I am afraid some Men may be so wicked to hope and expect that a Difference may happen between you and Me upon this Occasion: But when you consider, what Advantages have arisen to us in a few Months, by the good Understanding we have hitherto had; what wonderful Effects it hath already produced in the Change of the whole Scene of Affairs Abroad, so much more to the Honour of this Nation, and the Figure it ought to make in the World; and that nothing can hinder a further Progress in this Way, to all our Satisfactions, but Fears and Jealousies amongst ourselves: I w'ill not apprehend, that such a Misfortune can befal us, a3 a Division, or but a Coldness, between Me and you; nor that any thing can shake you in your Steadiness and Loyalty to Me; who, by God’s Blessing, will ever make you Returns of all Kindness and Protection, with a Resolution to venture even My own Life in the Defence of the true Interest of this Kingdom.

A Motion being made, That the House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of his Majesty’s gracious Speech;

Resolved, That this House will, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty’s gracious Speech.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the University of in the room of Sir

Leoline Jenkins, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Wilts, in the room of the Lord Bruce, now Earl of Aylesbury, who is called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bristoll, in the room of Sir John Churchill, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Henry Fenshaw Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir John Tufton, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow in the County of Salop, in the room of Sir Edward Herbert, now Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex, in the room of Sir Maynard, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12* die Novembris, 1685. 1* Jac. IIdi.

/~\RD E RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Reading rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Writ for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks, in the room of John Brecdon Esquire, deceased.

Then the Order made on Monday last for taking into The King’* Consideration his Majesty’s gracious Speech, as this Day, sPeefh being read: considered.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty’s gracious Speech.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee, having taken the Matter to them referred into Consideration, had agreed upon Two Resolves: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same being again read, are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opi- Supply, nion of the Committee, That a Supply be given to his Majesty.

Resolved, Ncndne contradicente, That it is the Opinion Militu. of the Committee, That the House be moved to give Leave to bring in a Bill to render the Militia more useful. v The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a Supply be given to his Majesty.

The Second of the said Resdves being read a Second time;

Sir

V®

Mo

k

ft

U.;

Supply.

London, See. Streets.

Army

Accompts.

Supply,

h

Cooked

L*Uite.

U The King’s Speech considered.

i Jac. II. i a4 — 13° — 14

757

Resolved, Nomine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render the Militia more useful;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the said Supply, and the Consideration of his Majesty's gracious Speech.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 13* die Novembris, 1685.

A PETITION of Anthony Vematti Gentleman, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the better Enlightning of the Streets and Lanes in and about London and Westminster, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, as is desired.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to take the Accompts of the late Commissioners lor disbanding the Forces, be revived; and do pursue the several Instructions formerly given them by the House.

The House then, according to the Order Yesterday made, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Supply for his Majesty, and in the Consideration of his Majesty's gracious Speech.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Question being put, That the Question be now put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee do proceed first upon his Majesty’s Supply;

The House divide.

The Noes go forth.

| for the Yeas, 182.

} *«»

And so it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee proceed first in the Consideration of that Paragraph in his Majesty's Speech, which next follows That of the Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning nt Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed first in the Consideration of that Paragraph in his Majesty’s Speech, which next follows that of the Supply.

And then the House adjourned to Ten of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Tellers,!?'/

I Mr. Oyxvn,

Sabbati, 14* die Novembris, 1685.

ORDERED, That the ingrossed Bill for enabling Younger Cooke Esquire to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, be read on Monday Morning next.

The Iloue then, according to their Order Yesterday made, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Paragraph in his Majesty's Speech, which next follow s that of the Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee, having taken into their Consideration the Matters to them referred, had agreed upon Two Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's VOL. IX.

Table: Where the same being again read, are as follows;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Address That the House be moved, That a Committee be ap- aga^st Ca* pointed to prepare an humble Address to be presented to ce^lc his Majesty, humbly shewing, That those Officers of the Army, who are not qualified for their Employments by the Acts for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, cannot by Law' be capable of their Employments: And that it be Part of the said Address,

That his Majesty would be pleased not to continue them in their Employments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bill of In-That the House be moved to appoint a Committee to demnity* bring in a Bill to indemnify those Persons unqiialified, for the time past,

The First of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the same, by leaving out these Words, " That his Majesty would be pleased not to continue them in their Employments ;" and by adding, instead thereof, these Words,

" That his Majesty would graciously be pleased to give such Directions, that no Apprehensions or Jealousies may remain in the Hearts of his Majesty's good and faithful Subjects;"

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That these Words,

" That his Majesty would be pleased not to continue them in their Employments," be left out of the Resolve.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That instead of the said Words so left out, these Words be inserted, viz. " That his Majesty would graciously be pleased to give such Directions, that no Apprehensions or Jealousies may remain in the Hearts of his Majesty's good and faithful Subjects."

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, with the said Amendments,

That a Committee be appointed to prepare an humble Address to be presented to his Majesty, humbly shewing, That those Officers in the Army who are not qualified for their Employments, by the Acts for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, cannot by Law' be capable of their Employments: And that it be Part of the said Address, That his Majesty would graciously be pleased to give such Directions, that no Apprehensions or Jealousies may remain in the Hearts of his Majesty's good and faithful Subjects.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That a Bill be brought in to indemnify those Persons unqualified, for the time past*

And it is referred Sir Thomas Clarges, Lord Middleton,

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Falkland, Lord Preston, Lord Campden, Mr. Wogan, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Sir Edmund Jennings, Sir Charles Windham,

Lord Digby, Sir Joseph Williamson, Mr. Pepys, Lord Ancram, Sir John Ernie, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Marquis Worcester, Mr. Serjeant Mainard, Mr. Hewer, Sir Hen. Beaumont, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Tho. Meres, Mr. Hampden, or any Five of them, to draw up and prepare the said Address: And they are to meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the same Committee do prepare and bring in a Bill for the Indemnity of the Persons unqualified, as aforesaid, for the time past.

Resolved, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That, in the Preamble of the said Address, the humble and hearty Thanks of this House be returned to his Majesty for his great Care in the Suppression of the late Rebellion.

Resolved, That this House will, on Monday Morning Supply* next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further upon his Majesty’s Supply.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

9 F

i 6°- — 170 Novembris. 1685.

Coiiunittoe of Privileges

Address

against

Catholic

Officers.

Luna, 16* die No, 1685.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee of Elections and Privileges do sit on Wednesday next, and so forward: And that this Order be affixed on the Posts in the Lobby, to the Intent that Parties concerned may take notice thereof.

Ordered, That all other Committees be revived; and do sit in the Places formerly appointed.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee appointed to prepare an humble Address to his Majesty, That the Committee had accordingly prepared an Address: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again twice read; and is as followeth;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty’s most Loyal and Faithful Subjects the Commons, in Parliament assembled, do, in the first Place, as in Duty bound, return Your Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks for Your great Care and Conduct in the Suppression of the late Rebellion, which threatened the Overthrow' of this Government both in Church and State, and the utter Extirpation of our Religion by Law established; which is most dear unto us; and which Your Majesty has been graciously.....to give us repeated

Assurances You will always defend and support: Which, with all grateful Hearts, we shall ever acknowledge.

We further crave Leave to acquaint Your Majesty, That we have, with all Duty and Readiness, taken into our Consideration Your Majesty’s G racious Speech to us: And as to that Part of it relating to the Officers in the Army, not qualified for their Employments, according to an Act of Parliament made in the Tw enty-fifth Year of the Reign of Your Majesty's Royal Brother of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, we do, out of our bounden Duty, humbly represent unto Your Majesty, That those Officers cannot by Law be capable of their Employments; and that the Incapacities they bring upon themselves thereby, can no ways be taken oil', but by an Act of Parliament: Therefore, out of that great Deference and Duty w e owe unto Your Majesty, who has been graciously pleased to take ... . of their Services to You, we are preparing a Bill to pass both Houses for Your Royal Assent, to indemnify them from the Penalties they have now incurred. And because the Continuance of them in their Employments may be taken to be a Dispensing with that Law, without Act of Parliament (the Consequence of which is of the greatest Concern to the Rights of all Your Majesty's Dutiful and Loyal Subjects, and to all the Laws made for Security of their Religion); we therefore, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of Your Majesty’s House of Commons, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that You w ould be graciously pleased to give such Directions therein, that no Apprehensions or Jealousies may remain in the Hearts of Your Majesty’s good and faithful Subjects.

The House then, according to their Order of Saturday Supply, List, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further upon his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the w hole House, That the Committee, having taken into their Consideration the Matters to them reterred, had agreed upon a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was again twice read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply of Seven hundred thousand Pounds be given to his Majesty, and no more.

An Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Resolve; viz. That these Words, " and no more,’’ be left out of the said Resolve; and that instead thereof, these W ords, " not exceeding the Sum," be inserted;

Resolved, That the said Words, " and no more," be left out of the said Resolve.

Resolved, That instead of those Words so left out, be inserted these Words, "not exceeding the Sum."

Resolved, Neminccontradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee, with the said Amendments,

That a Supply, not exceeding the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds, be given to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Ways at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of and Mem the whole House, to consider of the Ways and Means to raise his Majesty's Supply.

Resolved, That this llouse will, on Wednesday Morn- Militia* ing next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Heads for a Bill to render the Militia more useful.

And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Martis, 17* die Novembris, 1685.

f\RDF.RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- C.-'lliugtoa rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Writ, for the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of on in the County of Conn call, in the room of Sir John who w as Mayor of the said Borough at the Time of his Election, and was the proper Officer to make the Return, and returned Himself.

A Petition of Jonathan Castleman Esquire, for Leave Castbman’i to bring in a Bill to charge his Lands with Portions for Lstme. younger Children; and rectify a Mistake in a Settlement; was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, as is desired.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address.

A Motion being made, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Address;

A Debate arose in the House thereupon:

And the Question being put, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Address:

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers, ib!1 '{'S' ll il/tantson,')for jjie Yeas, 138.

’ [Sir lrancis llussell, J ’ 0

Tellers /I>ortl Ancram, 1 f t, K ,2

tellers, j^jr lien.Goodrich, torthe JNoes> 212*

And so it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of

his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do wait on his Majesty, to know his Royal Pleasure, When this House may attend him.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Larerence Baronet, for Leave Lawrences to bring in a Bill to enable him to make Leases of a Estate. House and Lands at Chelsea: And to make an Exchange of some Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, as is desired.

The Eurl of Middleton, One of his Majesty’s Principal King ap-Secretaries of State, acquaints this House, That his Ma- PHint!! w jesty having been attended, to know his Royal Pleasure, aUer:tJd' When this House might attend him, his Majesty was graciously pleased to appoint Four of the Clock this Afternoon, for this House to attend him in the Presence Chamber at Whitehall.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable Younger Cooke’s Cooke Esquire to sell Lands, for Payment of Debts, be Estate, read on Thursday Morning next, after Eleven of the Clock.

The

Ways and Mean*.

i Jac, II. 170 — 18° Novembris. 759

The House then, according to the Order Yesterday made, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Ways and Means to raise his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. North took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. North reports from the Committee of the whole House, That the Committee, having taken into Consideration the Matters to them referred, had agreed upon Six Resolutions: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were again twice read; and are as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards the raising his Majesty's Supply, a Duty be continued on all Commodities in an Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by an Imposition on all French Linens, and on all Fast India Linen, and several other Manufactures of India, and on all wrouglitSilks and

Studs, and all other wrought Silks, and on all Brandies, imported after the First Day of One thousand Six hundred Eighty-five, and before the First Day of July One thousand Six hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be Four hundred thousand Pounds of the said Supply raised by the said Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, the Duty laid by the said Act be continued for Five Years after the First of July One thousand Six hundred and Ninety.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Racing of his Majesty's Supply, a further Duty be laid on French Wines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty to be laid on French Wines be Four Pounds per Ton more than it now pays.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, towards his Majesty's Supply, be laid on French Wines. The First of the said Resolves beingread a Second time; Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, towards the Raising his Majesty’s Supply, a Duty he continued on all Commodities, in an Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by an Imposition on all French Linens, and all Fast India Linen, and several other Manuiactures of India, and on all French wrought Silks and Stuffs, and all other wrought Silks, and on all Brandies, imported alter the First Day of July One thousand Six hundred Eighty-five, and before the First Day of July One thousand Six hundred and Ninety.

The Second of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That there he Four hundred thousand Pounds of the said Supply raised by the said Duty.

The Third of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House cloth agree with the Committee, That the Duty laid by the said Act be continued for Five Years, after the First Day of July One thousand Six hundred and Ninety.

The Fourth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That, towards the Raising of his Majesty’s Supply, a further Duty be laid on French Wines.

The Fifth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Duty to be laid on French Wines be Four Pounds per Tun more than it now pays.

The Sixth of the said Resolves being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, That the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, towards his Majests’s Supply, be laid on French Wines.

Vol. IX.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into, and compute, What the Imposition of Four Pounds per Tun on French W’ines will yearly amount unto.

And it is referred to the Lord Midleton, Lord,

Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Thomas Meres, Sir Newland, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Newport, Mr. Kent, Mr.

man, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Mr. Montague, Colonel Oglethorpe, Sir John Mr. North,

Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. dipping, Sir , Mr.

Wogan, Mr Seymour, Sir Edmund JMr. J

Mr. Ashburnham, Lord Falkland, Sir Fra. Russell, Mr.

Griffin, Sir Hum. Winch, Sir John Ernie, and all the Members that are Commissioners of the Customs, and all that serve for the City of London; or any Five of them; And they are to meet Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Books: And they are to make their Report to the House on Thursday next in the Forenoon.

And then the House adjourned till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

THE House being met, in order to attend his Majesty

at Whitehall',

Adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18* die Novembris, 1685.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Sir John Guise, Baronet desired to withdraw his Petition he had formerly presented to the House, complaining of an undue Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Gloucester;

And he being called in to the Bar of the House, and owning such his Desire;

Leave was given for him to withdraw his said Petition.

A Petition of Ralph Leicester Esquire, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable him to sell Part of his Estate for Payment of his Debts, and Raising of Portions, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, as is desired.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That the House having Yesterday attended his Majesty; and he having read and presented to his Majesty the Address of this House; his Majesty was pleased to give his gracious Answer thereto: Which, to prevent Mistakes, he had obtained a Copy of: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

I did not expect such an Address from this House of Commons; having so lately recommended to your Consideration the groat Advantages a good Understanding between us had produced in a very Short time, and given you Warning of Fears and Jealousies amongst ourselves: I had Reason to hope, that the Reputation God hath blessed Me with in the World, would have created and confirmed a greater Confidence in you of Me, and of all

I say to you;.....and be very just to

My Word in every one of My Speeches.

The House then, according to the Order made on Monday last, resolved into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill to render the Militia more useful.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Meres took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

The King attended.

Gloucester

Election.

Leicester's

Estate.

Answer to Address.

Militia.

760 i8° — -i90 Novembris. . 1685.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Sir Dudley North reports from the Committee appointed

Sir Thomas Meres reports from the Committee of the to inquire and compute, What the Imposition on French "lue3’ &c‘ whole House, That they having taken into Considera- Wines, at the Rate of Four Pounds Tun, may Ron the Matters to them referred, they had made some amount unto by the Year, That the Committee, having Progress therein: But that they had directed him to move taken into their Consideration the Matters to them refer-the House, That the House would resolve itself into a red, had agreed upon a Resolution: Which he read in his

Committee of the whole House, on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, to consider further of the Heads for a Bill to render the Militia more useful.

Resolved, That this House will, on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Consideration of Heads for a Bill to render the Militia more useful.

A Member A Motion being made, That this House do take into committed their Consideration his Majesty’s gracious Answer to the for offensive ' Address of this House;

Words. And John Cooke Esquire, a Member of this House,

thereupon standing up in his Place; and saying the Words following; which were directed by the House to be set down in Writing at the Table;

" We are Englishmen; and we ought not to be frighted out of our Duty by a few high Words;"

And the said Mr. Co endeavouring to excuse himself; and being afterwards ordered to withdraw;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That Mr. John Cooke, a Member of this House, for his indecent, and undutiliil Reflecting on the King, and this House, be committed to the Truer.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to take into his Custody the Body of the said Air. John Cooke; and him to deliver into the Hands of the Lieutenant of his Majesty’s 7 burr of J.on don, to be there kept in safe Custody, during the Pleasure of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning at Ten of the Clock.

Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Imposition on French Wines of Four Pounds per Tun, will yearly amount to Thirty-five thousand Pounds.

The said Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House dotli agree with the Committee, That the Imposition on French Wines, of Four Pounds per Tun, will yearly amount to Thirty-five thousand Pounds.

The House being informed, that a Petition was pre- Buckingham sented do the House by Edward Viscount Latimer, touch- Election, ing the Election for the Borough of Buckingham; which was referred, by the House, to the Committee of Elections and Privileges; but that neither Petitioner, nor any for him, had since prosecuted the same:

Ordered, That, unless the said Lord Latimer, or some for him, do prosecute his said Petition before the Committee of Elections and Privileges, within Four Days next ensuing, the said Petition be dismissed.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Air. Price to make a Price'* Jointure be read on Tuesday next Estate,

A Bill to enable Jonathan Castlem Esquire to charge Castlsman’s his Lands with Portions for younger Children being pre- Estate, sented to the House;

Ordered, That the Bill do lie on the Table.

A Bill to enable Sir Thomas Lawrence to make Leases, I-awrence’* and an Exchange of Lands, being presented to the House; Estate.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

Jovis, 19* die Novembris, 168.5.

Prayers.

Buckingham O IR Christopher Mureports from the Com-Llection. O mittee of Elections and Privileges, That Mr. s

Petition concerning the Election for the County of Bucks, having been appointed by the Committee to be heard on a certain Day before the late Recess of Parliament; and that, although the Sitting Member then attended the Committee; yet neither the Petitioner nor his Counsel did attend, or prosecute the said Petition: And that therefore the Committee had directed him to report the Matter specially to the House.

Resolved, That Air. Petition be dismissed.

Newcastle Sir Christopher Musgrave further reports from the und*r Line Committee of Elections and Priv ileges, That a Petition of Election. gjr Thomas ..... and Lcveson Gower Esquire, touching the Election for Newcastle under Line, having been read to the Committee before the late Recess of the Parliament; and a Day having been assigned for hearing the ..... by the Committee; the House, by their Order, put oft’ the Hearing till the Second Friday after the Recess: That the Day being, in the Opinion of the Committee, elapsed, by reason of the late Adjournments of Parliament, therefore the Committee directed him to acquaint the House, That they thought not fit to proceed therein without the Directions of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Elections and Privileges do assign a Day for hearing the Alerits of the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under

16

A Petition against the Importation of foreign Lace ForeignLact, being presented to the ..;

Ordered, That the Bill do lie on the Table.

A Alotion being made, That the House do immediately Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of his Majesty’s Supply;

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of his Majesty’s Supply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Solicitor General reports from the Committee of the whole House, That they having taken into Consideration the Matters to them referred, they had agreed upon a Resolve: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same being again read; is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Addition of Four Pounds per Tun on French Wines be given to his Majesty for Nine Years and an half; to commence from the First Day of December One thousand Six hundred Eighty-five.

Which Resolve being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House do agree with the Committee, That the Addition of Four Pounds per Tun on French Wines be given his Majesty for Nine Years and an half; to commence from the First Day of December One thousand Six hundred Eighty-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do prepare a Bill for granting the Supply to his Majesty, according to the several Resolutions of the House: And that he also pre-> pare a Clause of Credit to be added thereto, for the Borrowing

761

2 Jac. II. 19° — 20° Nov.- — 10° Feb. — ~\(T Maii.~2TNov. 1686.

rowing of Money thereupon: And that he present the same to the House.

Bankrupt A Petition of divers Merchants, and others, Creditors Laws. of Hind, and Topladyof London, Goldsmiths and Bankers, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill against Bankrupts, stands committed; to examine the Matter thereof; and to consider of a Way for the Relief of the Petitioners, either by adding a Clause to that Bill, or by preparing a new Bill, for the Ends aforesaid, upon the Debate of the House: And that Sir Joseph Sir Orlando Gee,

Colonel Ashton, Sir John Sir John Jagg, Mr.

Hour, Mr. Done, Mr. DuMr. Christie, Lord

lagh, Sir John Cotton, Sir Brook, be added to the

Committee: And the said Committee is revived; and is to sit at Four of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are impowered to send . Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers of Orders Middlesex and IFe.st minster concerned do take care that against Ob-from Eight of the Clock in the Morning, till Two in the Af- structlons ternoon, being the usual Time of the Meeting and Rising the Streets< of this House, the Passage through the Streets between Temple Bar and ffestminster Hall he kept free and open;

and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is to give Notice of this Order. And it is referred to Mr. Done, Mr. Bonilhon Justices of the Peace

for the County of Middlesex, to see this Order executed and performed.

And then the House adjourned to Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning.

Veneris, 20° die , 16’85.

Prayers.

Foreign Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for a

Piutcstunts. general Naturalization of Trench Protestants, stands cum-mitted, be revived; and do sit at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

BarWy Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Rilli'orre-

Ciuclits,&c. gulating Hackney Coaches, and preventing Nuisances in the Streets, is committed, be revived; and do sit at Three of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

AM E S S A G E, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend Him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty: Where his Majesty was pleased, by the Right honourable the Lord Chancellor of England, lor many weighty Reasons, to prorogue the Parliament until the Tenth Day of February next.

Message to attend the King.

Parliament

prorogued.

Mercurii, 10° die Februarii, 1685.

2do 11".

Pray e u s.

parliament 4 M E S SAGE was delivered, by Sir Thomas

farther JTV Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black ltod; jroogued. 1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, -authorized by his Majesty, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear his Majesty’s Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords: Where, the King’s Commission of Prorogation being read, the Parliament was prorogued to the Tenth Day of May next.

Lame, 10° die Maii, 1086.

2° Jac. 11".

PRAYERS.

Parliament \ MESSAGE was delivered, by Sir Thomas father f \ Duppa, Gentleman Vslier of the Black Rod

prorogued.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by his Majesty, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear his Majesty’s Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords: Where, the King’s Commission of Prorogation being read, the Parliament was prorogued to the Two-and-twentieth Day of November next.

Parliament

farther

prorogued.

Lance, 22° die Aoicnibris, 1G86.

2° Jac. II".

Prayers.

A MESSAGE was delivered, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by his Majesty, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear his Majesty's Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords: Where, the King’s Commission of Prorogation being read, the Parliament was prorogued to the Fifteenth Day of February next.

Vol. IX.

9G

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

762 150 Februarii-

Martis, 15* die , 1686.

3* Jac. IP*.

PRAYERS.

A MESSAGE was delivered, by Sir Thomas Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

-28 °Aprilis. A. 1687.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by his Majesty, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear his Majesty’s Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords: Where, the King’s Commission of Prorogation being read, the Parliament was prorogued to the Eight-and-twentieth Day of next.

Juris,28* A, 1687.

3* Jac. IP.

PRAYERS.

A MESSAGE was delivered, by Sir Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by his Majesty, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear his Majesty's Commission read.

And accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Lords: Where, the King’s Commission of Prorogation being read, the Parliament was prorogued to the Two-and-twentieth Day of next.

INDEX.

[Index removed.]

